or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, for a period of at least 10 days prior to said meeting, either (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps (as determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion) to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock books and records shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock books and records of the Corporation, or such list, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. Section 1.08. Inspectors. Prior to any meeting of the stockholders, the Corporation shall appoint one or more Inspectors to act thereat and make a written report thereof. Each Inspector
or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, for a period of at least 10 days prior to said meeting, either (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps (as determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion) to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock books and records shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock books and records of the Corporation, or such list, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. Section 1.08. /nspectors. Prior to any meeting of the stockholders, the Corporation shall appoint one or more Inspectors to act thereat and make a written report thereof. Each Inspector