has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On January 14, 2025, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPMorgan Chase or the Firm) announced that Daniel Pinto, 62, President and Chief Operating Officer of the Firm, will retire at the end of 2026. Mr. Pinto will relinquish his responsibilities as President and Chief Operating Officer as of June 30, 2025. Jennifer A. Piepszak, 54, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Commercial & Investment Bank, has been named as a Chief Operating Officer of the Firm, effective immediately. A copy of the press release relating to this announcement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits 99.1 JPMorgan Chase & Co. press release dated January 14, 2025. 101 Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). SIGNATURE Pursuant to the
services. Daniel Pinto, President and Chief Operating Officer, who has served the firm for more than 40 years, has informed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon of his decision to retire at the end of 2026. Pinto will relinquish his responsibilities as President and COO as of June 30, 2025. This will allow him to effectively transition those responsibilities in the coming months. He will continue to serve the company as Vice Chairman of JPMorgan Chase working closely with and advising the CEO and other senior executives on key projects, client relationships and complex issues facing the firm. Jennifer Piepszak, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Commercial & Investment Bank (CIB), has been named Chief Operating Officer of the company, effective immediately, working closely with Pinto over the next few months. In this role, Piepszak will manage and coordinate all Technology, Operations, Chief Administrative Office, Data & Analytics, Corporate Strategy and Diversity, Equity & Inclusion across the company, as well as overseeing the firms Global Corporate Centers in India and the Philippines, which employ more than 80,000 professionals. Doug Petno, Co-head of Global Banking, will succeed Piepszak as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the CIB, partnering with current CIB Co-CEO, Troy Rohrbaugh,
end of 2026. Pinto will relinquish his responsibilities as President and COO as of June 30, 2025. This will allow him to effectively transition those responsibilities in the coming months. He will continue to serve the company as Vice Chairman of JPMorgan Chase working closely with and advising the CEO and other senior executives on key projects, client relationships and complex issues facing the firm. Jennifer Piepszak, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Commercial & Investment Bank (CIB), has been named Chief Operating Officer of the company, effective immediately, working closely with Pinto over the next few months. In this role, Piepszak will manage and coordinate all Technology, Operations, Chief Administrative Office, Data & Analytics, Corporate Strategy and Diversity, Equity & Inclusion across the company, as well as overseeing the firms Global Corporate Centers in India and the Philippines, which employ more than 80,000 professionals. Doug Petno, Co-head of Global Banking, will succeed Piepszak as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the CIB, partnering with current CIB Co-CEO, Troy Rohrbaugh, to manage the business. John Simmons, head of Commercial Banking, will succeed Petno and join Filippo Gori as the new Co-head of Global Banking, both reporting to Petno and Rohrbaugh. Marianne Lake, CEO of
senior executives on key projects, client relationships and complex issues facing the firm. Jennifer Piepszak, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Commercial & Investment Bank (CIB), has been named Chief Operating Officer of the company, effective immediately, working closely with Pinto over the next few months. In this role, Piepszak will manage and coordinate all Technology, Operations, Chief Administrative Office, Data & Analytics, Corporate Strategy and Diversity, Equity & Inclusion across the company, as well as overseeing the firms Global Corporate Centers in India and the Philippines, which employ more than 80,000 professionals. Doug Petno, Co-head of Global Banking, will succeed Piepszak as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the CIB, partnering with current CIB Co-CEO, Troy Rohrbaugh, to manage the business. John Simmons, head of Commercial Banking, will succeed Petno and join Filippo Gori as the new Co-head of Global Banking, both reporting to Petno and Rohrbaugh. Marianne Lake, CEO of Consumer and Community Banking, and Mary Erdoes, CEO of Asset & Wealth Management, will continue in their roles, and along with Pinto, Piepszak, Petno, and Rohrbaugh, will report solely to Jamie Dimon. All Corporate functions will be managed jointly by Piepszak and Dimon. Dimon said, Daniel Pinto has done a truly exceptional
company, as well as overseeing the firms Global Corporate Centers in India and the Philippines, which employ more than 80,000 professionals. Doug Petno, Co-head of Global Banking, will succeed Piepszak as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the CIB, partnering with current CIB Co-CEO, Troy Rohrbaugh, to manage the business. John Simmons, head of Commercial Banking, will succeed Petno and join Filippo Gori as the new Co-head of Global Banking, both reporting to Petno and Rohrbaugh. Marianne Lake, CEO of Consumer and Community Banking, and Mary Erdoes, CEO of Asset & Wealth Management, will continue in their roles, and along with Pinto, Piepszak, Petno, and Rohrbaugh, will report solely to Jamie Dimon. All Corporate functions will be managed jointly by Piepszak and Dimon. Dimon said, Daniel Pinto has done a truly exceptional job in every role he has played at our firm. I cant thank him enough for his partnership and outstanding stewardship as President and COO, and for building the best, most respected Corporate & Investment Bank in the world. Professionally, Daniel has been an outstanding business leader, who has nurtured many of our top senior leaders and contributed to the success of businesses across the firm. Daniel is a first-class person
than 80,000 professionals. Doug Petno, Co-head of Global Banking, will succeed Piepszak as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the CIB, partnering with current CIB Co-CEO, Troy Rohrbaugh, to manage the business. John Simmons, head of Commercial Banking, will succeed Petno and join Filippo Gori as the new Co-head of Global Banking, both reporting to Petno and Rohrbaugh. Marianne Lake, CEO of Consumer and Community Banking, and Mary Erdoes, CEO of Asset & Wealth Management, will continue in their roles, and along with Pinto, Piepszak, Petno, and Rohrbaugh, will report solely to Jamie Dimon. All Corporate functions will be managed jointly by Piepszak and Dimon. Dimon said, Daniel Pinto has done a truly exceptional job in every role he has played at our firm. I cant thank him enough for his partnership and outstanding stewardship as President and COO, and for building the best, most respected Corporate & Investment Bank in the world. Professionally, Daniel has been an outstanding business leader, who has nurtured many of our top senior leaders and contributed to the success of businesses across the firm. Daniel is a first-class person who I am proud to call a friend, and he has made a truly significant impact on our