$21 million pilot program to accelerate opportunities for real estate developers of color. The program is open to developers focused on affordable housing initiatives in the Puget Sound region of Washington state; the Arlington, Virginia region; and Nashville, Tennessee. The program includes professional education, training, mentorship, and grant funding to help cover upfront real estate development costs. Separately, the Amazon Housing Equity Fund also committed $160 million in low-rate loans to help preserve more than 1,300 affordable homes for 99 years in Arlington. To further underscore Amazons ongoing commitment to gender equity, Amazon signed the United Nation's Womens Empowerment Principles (WEPs). The WEPs, established by the United Nations Global Compact and UN Women, help businesses collectively promote gender equity and empower women in the workplace and global community. Amazon announced a $1 million contribution to the Resilience Fund for Women in Global Value Chains. Founded in 2020, the fund aims to tackle systemic challenges underlying the profound and pressing needs of women during the COVID-19 pandemic with local, women-led solutions. Amazon donated more than 300,000 emergency aid items, including clothing, food, generators, medical supplies, shelter equipment, and water, to support communities affected by tornadoes in the Midwest and Southern U.S.; wildfires
pilot program to accelerate opportunities for real estate developers of color. The program is open to developers focused on affordable housing initiatives in the Puget Sound region of Washington state; the Arlington, Virginia region; and Nashville, Tennessee. The program includes professional education, training, mentorship, and grant funding to help cover upfront real estate development costs. Separately, the Amazon Housing Equity Fund also committed $160 million in low-rate loans to help preserve more than 1,300 affordable homes for 99 years in Arlington. To further underscore Amazons ongoing commitment to gender equity, Amazon signed the United Nation's Womens Empowerment Principles (WEPs). The WEPs, established by the United Nations Global Compact and UN Women, help businesses collectively promote gender equity and empower women in the workplace and global community. Amazon announced a $1 million contribution to the Resilience Fund for Women in Global Value Chains. Founded in 2020, the fund aims to tackle systemic challenges underlying the profound and pressing needs of women during the COVID-19 pandemic with local, women-led solutions. Amazon donated more than 300,000 emergency aid items, including clothing, food, generators, medical supplies, shelter equipment, and water, to support communities affected by tornadoes in the Midwest and Southern U.S.; wildfires in Colorado;