<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950152-94-000602.txt : 19940617
<IMS-HEADER>0000950152-94-000602.hdr.sgml : 19940617
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950152-94-000602
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940601
ITEM INFORMATION:		Acquisition or disposition of assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940614

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PIONEER STANDARD ELECTRONICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000078749
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5065
		IRS NUMBER:				340907152
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-05734
		FILM NUMBER:		94534218

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4800 E 131ST ST
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2165873600
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>PIONEER STANDARD 8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_______________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report: June 1, 1994
------------
(Date of earliest event reported)

PIONEER-STANDARD ELECTRONICS, INC. 
---------------------------------------------------------------
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

<TABLE>
<S> <C> <C> 
Ohio 0-5734 34-0907152 
- - ---------------------------- ------------- ------------------ 
(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. employer
of incorporation) file number) identification no.)
</TABLE>

4800 East 131st Street, Cleveland, Ohio 44105
-----------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (216) 587-3600
--------------
<PAGE> 2

Item 2. Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
- - ---------------------------------------------- 

On June 1, 1994, Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. (the "Company")
acquired certain of the assets of the Zentronics Division ("Zentronics") of
Westburne Industrial Enterprises Ltd., a Canada corporation ("Westburne"), and
assumed certain of Westburne's liabilities. The transaction was completed by
Pioneer-Standard Canada Inc., a newly formed Canadian subsidiary of the
Company. The acquired assets include (i) the name "Zentronics" and all related
trademarks and tradenames, if any, and all of the trade accounts receivables of
Zentronics; (ii) certain product lines and related inventory of Zentronics;
(iii) certain fixed assets; (iv) the rights of Westburne under or pursuant to
certain vendor agreements; (v) the rights of Westburne under or pursuant to
certain operating leases; (vi) the rights of Westburne under or pursuant to
certain equipment leases and real property leases; (vii) prepaid expenses and
deposits, if any, made by Westburne pertaining or relating to the Zentronic's
business; (viii) the rights of Westburne under or pursuant to certain
outstanding purchase and sales orders; (ix) certain of Westburne's rights in
and to any third-party manufacturer's warranties; and (x) all operating data
and other books and records pertaining to the acquired assets. The acquisition
was accomplished pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement, dated April 22, 1994
(the "Asset Purchase Agreement"), by and between the Company and Westburne. A
copy of the Asset Purchase Agreement is filed as an Exhibit hereto.

Zentronics distributes and markets a broad range of electronic
components and computer products for applications in the industrial and
end-user Canadian markets. The Company intends to continue to use the assets
acquired through the purchase of Zentronics in the manner in which they were
previously used by Zentronics.

As consideration for the acquisition of the assets of Zentronics, the
Company assumed certain of Westburne's liabilities and paid Westburne
$12,460,825 Cdn ($9,021,775 U.S.) at the closing. An estimated additional
$4,153,625 Cdn (the "Additional Amount") will be paid to Westburne after
September 14, 1994. The Additional Amount is subject to possible adjustment
based on certain schedules delivered by Westburne to the Company on June 1,
1994. The price for Zentronic's assets was determined through arm's length
negotiations among the parties.

The consideration paid by the Company was financed under its revolving
credit facility, dated January 23, 1992, by and among the Company, National
City Bank, Society National Bank (successor in interest to Ameritrust Company
National Association), Star Bank, N.A., and National City Bank, as agent, as
amended June 30, 1993 and May 27, 1994 (the "Credit Facility"). In addition,
it is presently contemplated that the Additional Amount to be paid by the
Company will be financed by amounts which may be available under the Credit
Facility. The principal amount advanced and the Additional Amount to be
advanced under the Credit Facility are subject to an interest rate at a
floating prime rate or at other

2
<PAGE> 3
floating rate options (certificate of deposit, LIBOR, or banker's acceptance)
plus 3/4%.

There are no material relationships between Westburne and the Company
or any of their affiliates, directors or officers.

ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND EXHIBITS.
On June 1, 1994, the Company completed the asset acquisition of certain assets
of Zentronics for approximately $16.6 million Cdn ($12.0 million U.S.). The
acquisition does not meet the significant subsidiary tests as defined in Rule
3-05 of Regulation S-X.

Exhibits.
- - ---------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Sequential
Exhibit No. Description Page No.
- - ----------- ----------- ---------
<S> <C> <C>
2.1 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated 5
April 22, 1994 (without Schedules),
by and between the Company and
Westburne
</TABLE>

3
<PAGE> 4

SIGNATURES
----------

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

PIONEER-STANDARD ELECTRONICS, INC.

/s/ John V. Goodger 
---------------------------------------
John V. Goodger,
Vice President, Treasurer and
Assistant Secretary

Date: June 14, 1994

431/15154IID.451

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

EXECUTION COPY

ACQUISITION OF CERTAIN ASSETS

OF

THE ZENTRONICS DIVISION

OF

WESTBURNE INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISES LTD.

BY

PIONEER-STANDARD ELECTRONICS, INC.

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
April 22, 1994

<PAGE> 2
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
------------------------

THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT is entered into this 22nd day of

April, 1994, by and between Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc., an Ohio

corporation ("Buyer") and Westburne Industrial Enterprises Ltd., a Canada

corporation ("Seller").

RECITALS:
---------
WHEREAS, the parties desire that Seller sell to Buyer and that

Buyer purchase from Seller certain of the assets of Seller's Zentronics

Division upon the terms hereinafter set forth.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of and in reliance upon the

representations, warranties and obligations contained in this Agreement and for

other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which

hereby is acknowledged, the parties agree as follows.

ARTICLE I
---------
PURCHASE OF ASSETS
------------------
1.1 DEFINITION REFERENCE. Certain capitalized terms are

defined in Section 9.1 hereof.

1.2 PURCHASED ASSETS. Seller agrees to sell, transfer and

assign to Buyer free and clear of all Liens (except Permitted Liens), and Buyer

agrees to purchase from Seller all of Seller's right, title and interest in and

to all of the assets of Seller's Zentronics Division (the "Division") existing

as of the Closing (except for the Retained Assets, as hereinafter defined),

including but not limited to the following:

(a) the name "Zentronics" and all related trademarks
and tradenames, if any, and all of the trade accounts receivables of
the Division, including net debit balances from payees (the
"Receivables"), which Receivables shall be identified on Schedule
1.2(a), and which Schedule shall be prepared in accordance with
Sections 1.3, 3.3, and 3.4 hereof, shall indicate the gross book value
of each such Receivable, and shall indicate customer or payee name,
invoice or debit number, invoice or
<PAGE> 3
debit amount, invoice or debit date, net balance due, and the location
from which each Receivable was generated;

(b) all product lines and related inventory of the
Division (the "Inventory"), which Inventory shall be identified on
Schedule 1.2(b), and which Schedule shall be prepared in accordance
with Sections 1.3, 3.3, and 3.4 hereof and shall indicate by part
number the date of acquisition, quantity, net book value, one year
usage (where applicable) and location of each such item of Inventory;

(c) the fixed assets which shall be identified on
Schedule 1.2(c) (the "Fixed Assets"), which Schedule shall be prepared
in accordance with Sections 3.3 and 3.4 hereof and shall indicate the
invoice cost, date of purchase, net book value, and present location
of each such Fixed Asset;

(d) the rights of Seller under or pursuant to the
authorized Inventory supplier agreements identified on Schedule 1.2(d)
attached hereto (the "Vendor Agreements"), any such authorized
Inventory supplier being hereinafter referred to as a ("Vendor");

(e) the rights of Seller under or pursuant to the
operating leases identified on Schedule 1.2(e) attached hereto (the
"Operating Leases");

(f) the rights of Seller under or pursuant to (i)
those equipment leases identified by location on Schedule 1.2(f)
attached hereto (the "Equipment Leases"), and (ii) those real property
leases identified by location on Schedule 1.2(f) attached hereto (the
"Real Property Leases");

(g) prepaid expenses and deposits, if any, made by
Seller pertaining or relating to the Division's business, including
but not limited to Operating Leases, Equipment Leases and Real
Property Leases;

(h) the rights of Seller under or pursuant to all
outstanding purchase and sales orders identified on Schedule 1.2(h)
attached hereto (the "Open Orders") which relate to (i) products or
Inventory which are to be purchased or sold in the ordinary course of
business of the Division and are required to fill valid open customer
orders or (ii) supplies which are useable by Buyer and are utilized in
the ongoing sales operations;

(i) all of Seller's rights in and to any third-party
manufacturer's warranties relating to any of the foregoing to the
extent that such rights are assignable; and

(j) all operating data and other Books and Records 
pertaining exclusively to any of the foregoing.

The assets to be sold and purchased hereunder are sometimes hereinafter 

referred to collectively as the "Purchased Assets".

-2-
<PAGE> 4
1.3 BOOK VALUES. As used herein:

(a) the gross book value of Receivables shall mean
the face amount of such Receivables net of credits issued, partial
payments received, and any valid deductions taken by the
customer/payee;

(b) the net book value of Fixed Assets shall mean
the invoice cost for such Fixed Assets, MINUS depreciation in
accordance with Seller's policies, applied on a consistent basis; and

(c) the net book value of Inventory shall mean the
Acquisition Cost (as hereinafter defined) of those Inventory items
which:

(i) consist of quantities not in excess of one
(1) year of Seller's historical usage (except (x) where Buyer
has usage that would justify a higher quantity or (y) where
such items were purchased within the six (6) month period
prior to Closing from a new Vendor or (z) where such items are
new items purchased from an existing Vendor within six (6)
months prior to the Closing, all of which also satisfy (ii),
(iii) and (iv) below); and

(ii) are in current standard catalogs or parts
listings of the Vendor and are Inventory rotatable; and

(iii) are from: (A) a current Seller Vendor or a
current Buyer Vendor, OR (B) a non-Vendor but are covered by a
noncancellable, nonreturnable purchase contract from a
historical customer of Seller that is currently purchasing on
an open account; and

(iv) are in an original Vendor package which is
unopened.

As used herein, "Acquisition Cost" means the lower of cost (at
Seller's election, on a FIFO basis or average unit cost basis) or
market, based on supplier invoice cost, plus the applicable tariffs,
less applicable price protections. Computer Inventory items which do
not meet the above criteria will be valued at zero and will be
retained by Seller, and component Inventory items which do not meet
the above criteria will be valued at zero and shall be part of the
Inventory and Purchased Assets and shall be transferred to Buyer at no
cost. Subject to its needs, Buyer agrees to use its best efforts to
assist the Seller in selling Inventory that is retained by Seller
pursuant to the previous sentence.

1.4 RETAINED ASSETS. The Buyer is not purchasing cash,

receivables other than the Receivables, Inventory which is valued at zero

pursuant to Section 1.3 (c) above (except for components), the name of Seller

or, except for the

-3-
<PAGE> 5
business of the Division, any other business (as a going concern or otherwise)

of Seller (the "Retained Assets").

ARTICLE II
----------
ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES
-------------------------
2.1 ASSUMED LIABILITIES. Buyer agrees to assume the

following and only the following Liabilities (the "Assumed Liabilities") of

Seller existing as of the Closing:

(a) the accounts payable of Seller (the "Payables"),
which Payables shall be identified on Schedule 2.1(a), which Schedule
shall be prepared in accordance with Sections 3.3 and 3.4 hereof
showing by Payee the invoice date, invoice amount, and net balance
owing;

(b) Liabilities of Seller under the Vendor
Agreements, Operating Leases, Equipment Leases and Real Property
Leases, but only to the extent accruing and relating solely to the
period after the Closing;

(c) Liabilities of Seller pertaining to the
performance after the Closing of the Open Orders, but only to the
extent accruing and relating solely to the period after the Closing;

(d) Liabilities of the Seller pertaining to the
return of Inventory and related products, to the extent provided in
Section 7.1;

(e) Liabilities related to any prepayments or
deposits received by Seller as of the Closing Date which pertain to
Inventory to be shipped or services to be performed after the Closing
Date and which are listed on Schedule 4.10(a);

(f) all Liabilities for unused vacation pay earned
prior to the Closing Date ("Accrued Vacation Pay") with respect to
those employees who accept employment with Buyer, which amounts are
set forth by employee on Schedule 2.1(f); and

(g) all Liabilities for accrued pay earned prior
to the Closing Date by those employees who accept employment with
Buyer, which amounts are set forth by employee in Schedule 2.1(g).

2.2 RETAINED LIABILITIES. Notwithstanding anything in this

Agreement to the contrary, Buyer does not assume and will not become

responsible for any Liability of Seller except the Assumed Liabilities.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following are included

among the Liabilities of Seller which Buyer shall not assume or become

responsible for:

-4-
<PAGE> 6
(a) all Liabilities of Seller to customers or third
parties, whether arising before or after the Closing, with respect to
shortages and defects in goods delivered to customers of the Division
or in transit to customers prior to the Closing or placed in finished
goods Inventory prior to the Closing and shipped to customers after
the Closing, including, but not limited to, Liabilities for product
warranty and product liability claims unless and to the extent that
Buyer may be held responsible therefor on account of its own
negligence or fault;

(b) all Liabilities of Seller to customers with
respect to services performed by Seller prior to the Closing;

(c) all Liabilities of Seller arising out of or
attributable to Seller's or its predecessors' operation or conduct of
business or use or occupancy of any owned or Leased Real Property,
including but not limited to any noncompliance with, or violation of,
any Law, regulation or order, including but not limited to,
environmental Laws, competition Laws, and consumer protection Laws;

(d) all Liabilities of Seller arising out of any
Contract, other than those Liabilities constituting Assumed
Liabilities;

(e) all Liabilities of Seller with respect to any
pending, threatened or unasserted litigation, claims, demands,
investigations or proceedings;

(f) except as expressly provided in Section 7.4
hereof, all Liabilities arising out of the employment relationship
between Seller and any of its employees (and/or contract employees) or
former employees existing at any time, including but not limited to
wages and salaries, bonuses and commissions, retirement plan benefits,
medical benefits, severance pay, insurance benefits or any other
fringe benefit incurred or accrued prior to the Closing;

(g) all U.S. or Canadian federal, state, provincial,
local or foreign taxes (and any penalties or interest thereon) based
on sales, income or otherwise or tariffs or duties arising from
Seller's conduct of the business of the Division prior to the Closing
Date, it being understood that refunds paid to Buyer by taxing
authorities for the same period shall be reimbursed forthwith to
Seller; and

(h) all retirement and group insurance benefits
available to employees of the Division, to the extent that they were
earned prior to Closing.

ARTICLE III
-----------
CONSIDERATION
-------------
3.1 AGGREGATE CONSIDERATION. In consideration for the

Purchased Assets, Buyer shall assume the Assumed Liabilities and pay to Seller

a cash sum

-5-
<PAGE> 7
to be paid in Canadian dollars determined in accordance with Sections 3.2

through 3.6 below.

3.2 ESTIMATED PURCHASE PRICE. Because the final cash amount

to be paid for the Purchased Assets is not known on the date hereof, Buyer and

Seller have agreed that the estimated purchase price (the "Estimated Purchase

Price") shall be agreed upon within the five (5) business day period before the

Closing. The Estimated Purchase Price will be derived from the parties' mutual

estimate of the "values" of the Purchased Assets and will be calculated as

follows: (gross book value of Receivables) PLUS (net book value of Inventory)

PLUS (net book value of Fixed Assets) PLUS (amount of prepaid expenses and

deposits constituting a Purchased Asset) MINUS (accrued pay set forth on

Schedule 2.1(g) and Accrued Vacation Pay set forth on Schedule 2.1(f)) MINUS

(amount of prepayments and deposits constituting an Assumed Liability) MINUS

(total amount of Payables assumed by Buyer) PLUS ($3,000,000). At the Closing,

Buyer shall pay to Seller by wire transfer, to an account designated by Seller,

an amount equal to 75% of the Estimated Purchase Price. The balance of the

purchase price shall be paid in accordance with Section 3.6 below.

3.3 PREPARATION OF SCHEDULES. Upon the execution of this

Agreement, Buyer and Seller shall deliver all Schedules required by this

Agreement; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that upon execution of the Agreement only, the

Inventory Schedule to be delivered by Seller pursuant to Section 1.2(b) may

indicate thereon the current carrying cost of each item of Inventory (rather

than the net book value of such item), and Seller shall not be required to

deliver a draft of Schedules 2.1(f) or 2.1(g). During the period from the

execution of this Agreement until the seventh (7th) day prior to the Closing,

Buyer and Seller shall jointly review and revise the following Schedules (the

"Purchase Schedules"):

-6-
<PAGE> 8
(a) Schedule 1.2(a): the Receivables;

(b) Schedule 1.2(b): the Inventory;

(c) Schedule 1.2(c): the Fixed Assets;

(d) Schedule 1.2(d): Vendor Agreements;

(e) Schedule 1.2(f): Real Property and Equipment
Leases;

(f) Schedule 1.2(h): the Open Orders;

(g) Schedule 2.1(a): the Payables;

(h) Schedule 2.1(f): Accrued Vacation Pay;

(i) Schedule 2.1(g): Accrued Pay;

(j) Schedule 4.5: Product Warranty Claims;

(k) Schedule 4.7(a): Employees;

(l) Schedule 4.10(a): the prepayments and
deposits which have been received by Seller as of the Closing Date and
relate or pertain to Inventory to be shipped or service to be
performed after the Closing Date with respect to the Purchased Assets;
and

(m) Schedule 4.10(b): the prepayments and
deposits made by Seller as of the Closing Date which relate or pertain
to the Operating Leases, Equipment Leases or Real Property Leases.

Updated drafts of the Purchase Schedules shall be delivered to Buyer by Seller

on or before the seventh (7th) day prior to the Closing. At a mutually

agreeable time during the period beginning seven (7) days prior to the Closing

and ending seven (7) days after the Closing, the Inventory shall be inspected

and counted by Buyer and Seller at each location where inventory is maintained

by Seller. Final drafts of the Purchase Schedules shall be delivered by Seller

at the Closing. When the updated and final drafts of the Purchase Schedules

are delivered, Schedule 1.2(b) (Inventory) shall include the net book value of

each item of inventory in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof, not the current

carrying cost of such item. Except as provided above, no Schedule shall be

amended or modified without the prior written consent of the other party.

-7-
<PAGE> 9
3.4 REVIEW OF SCHEDULES. On or before the thirtieth (30th)

day after its receipt of the final drafts of the Purchase Schedules, Buyer

shall notify Seller in writing of any objections it may have to the Purchase

Schedules (the "Buyer Objections"). On or before the thirtieth (30th) day

following its receipt of a Buyer Objection, Seller shall deliver a notice in

writing (the "Dispute Notice"), advising Buyer of any Buyer Objections which

Seller disputes or does not accept. Upon the delivery of a Dispute Notice,

Seller and Buyer shall meet promptly for the purpose of resolving in good faith

any dispute relating to such Purchase Schedules. In the event that Seller and

Buyer are unable to resolve their disputes within fifteen (15) business days

after the date of the Dispute Notice, all unresolved issues shall be submitted

for resolution (consistent with the terms and provisions set forth in this

Agreement) to Price Waterhouse or, if Price Waterhouse declines to act, to

Arthur Andersen. Buyer and Seller shall, and shall cause their respective

financial advisers to, make available to such accounting firm all relevant

information as may be necessary for the purposes of resolving such issues. The

accounting firm shall be requested to render its decision as expeditiously as

possible. The fees and expenses of the accounting firm shall be shared equally

by Buyer and Seller. The Purchase Schedules shall be deemed final and binding

upon Buyer and Seller (the "Final Purchase Price Schedules") upon the earliest

to occur of the following:

(a) Buyer does not timely deliver Buyer Objections
(in which case the Purchase Schedules, as delivered by Seller pursuant
to Section 3.3 shall become the Final Purchase Price Schedules);

(b) Seller does not timely deliver a Dispute Notice
(in which case the Purchase Schedules, as delivered by Seller and
amended by the Buyer Objections, shall become the Final Purchase Price
Schedules);

(c) Seller and Buyer mutually resolve the issues
raised by a Dispute Notice that was timely delivered by Seller (in
which case the Purchase Schedules, as revised by such mutual
agreement, shall become the Final Purchase Price Schedules); or

-8-
<PAGE> 10
(d) the issues raised by a timely delivered Dispute
Notice are resolved by the accounting firm as provided above (in which
case the Purchase Schedules, as revised in accordance with the
decision of such third party, shall become the Final Purchase Price
Schedules).

In the event that Seller delivers a Dispute Notice which contends some but not

all Buyer Objections, the Buyer Objections which are not disputed or contended

shall be deemed accepted and be incorporated into the Final Purchase Price

Schedules. Likewise, in the event that Seller and Buyer agree upon a

resolution of some but not all disputes which may be raised by a Dispute

Notice, such resolutions shall become part of the Final Purchase Price

Schedules and only those matters which have not been resolved shall be

submitted to a third party for resolution.

3.5 ADJUSTMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE. After the Final Purchase

Price Schedules referenced in Section 3.4 above have been prepared, the parties

shall recalculate the purchase price of the Purchased Assets by applying the

values set forth in such Final Purchase Price Schedules to the same formula

which they previously used to arrive at the Estimated Purchase Price. Subject

to the terms and provisions of Section 7.11, the resulting amount shall be the

"Final Purchase Price."

3.6 PAYMENT OF BALANCE OF PURCHASE PRICE.

(a) If the Purchase Schedules become the Final Purchase

Price Schedules prior to October 31, 1994, then within five (5) business days

after the delivery of the Final Purchase Price Schedules, Buyer shall pay to

Seller an amount equal to the difference between the Final Purchase Price and

the amount paid by Buyer to Seller at the Closing; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in

no event shall such payment be made prior to the one hundred sixth (106th) day

after the Closing.

-9-
<PAGE> 11
(b) If the Purchase Schedules have not become the Final

Purchase Price Schedules prior to October 31, 1994, then:

(i) on October 31, 1994, Buyer shall pay to Seller
an amount which is equal to 15% of the Estimated Purchase
Price; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if it reasonably appears that
the Final Purchase Price might be an amount which is less than
90% of the Estimated Purchase Price or greater than 110% of
the Estimated Purchase Price (the "Revised Estimated Purchase
Price"), Buyer shall pay to Seller on October 31, 1994 an
amount which is equal to the difference between: (X) 90% of
the Revised Estimated Purchase Price, and (Y) the amount paid
by Buyer at the Closing; and

(ii) within five (5) business days after the
subsequent delivery of the Final Purchase Price Schedules,
Buyer shall pay to Seller an amount equal to the difference
between (X) the Final Purchase Price, and (Y) the aggregate
amount already paid to Seller by Buyer at the Closing and
pursuant to subsection (i) above.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein:

(i) the payments to be made by Buyer to Seller
pursuant to (a) or (b) above shall bear interest, calculated
at a rate equal to three-eights of one percent (.375%) per
month from the Closing Date until the date of such payment;
and

(ii) the final payment pursuant to (a) or (b) above
shall be subject to an adjustment for any item for which
written notice has been provided to the other party and which
remains in dispute as of the date of such payment.

ARTICLE IV
----------
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER
----------------------------------------
Seller represents and warrants to Buyer as of the date hereof

and as of the Closing as follows:

4.1 ORGANIZATION AND POWER. Seller is a corporation duly

organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Canada and

is a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Westburne Inc. (a Canadian Corporation),

and is the principal operating company in Canada among the group of companies

owned, in

-10-
<PAGE> 12
whole or in part, by United Westburne, Inc. Schedule 4.1, attached hereto,

lists the Provinces, states and countries in which the Division: (a) owns or

leases real property, (b) has employees or maintains sales offices or sales

agents, or (c) maintains inventory. Seller is qualified to do business in each

Province, state or country listed in Schedule 4.1 and in each other

jurisdiction where failure to qualify could have an adverse effect on the

Division. Seller has full corporate power to:

(a) own, lease and operate its assets and carry on
the business of the Division as and where such assets are now owned or
leased and as such business is presently being conducted; and

(b) execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and
all other agreements and documents to be executed and delivered by it
in connection herewith.

4.2 ENFORCEABILITY. All requisite corporate action necessary

to approve, execute, deliver or perform this Agreement and each other agreement

or document delivered by Seller in connection herewith has been taken by Seller

and United Westburne Inc. This Agreement and each other agreement and document

delivered by Seller in connection herewith have been duly executed or delivered

by Seller and constitute the binding obligations of Seller, enforceable in

accordance with their respective terms.

4.3 CONSENTS. Other than as set forth in Schedule 4.3 and

except for consents to the transfer and assignment of the Vendor Agreements,

Operating Leases, Equipment Leases and Real Property Leases, which shall be

delivered to Buyer pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof, no approval or consent of,

or filing with, any Person or Governmental Authority, is required to be

obtained or filed by Seller in connection with the transactions contemplated

hereby or the execution, delivery or performance by Seller of this Agreement or

any other agreement or document to be executed or delivered by or on behalf of

Seller in connection herewith.

-11-
<PAGE> 13
4.4 NO CONFLICTS. Except for the need for the consents to be

delivered to Buyer pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof, neither the execution,

delivery and performance of this Agreement nor any other agreement or document

delivered by Seller in connection herewith:

(a) gives rise to a right of termination or
acceleration under any Vendor Agreement or Operating Lease, Equipment
Lease or Real Property Lease except as set forth on Schedule 4.4;

(b) conflicts with or violates:

(i) any Law applicable to Seller;

(ii) Seller's Articles of Incorporation or
By-laws; or

(iii) any material Contract, arbitration award,
judgment, decree or other similar material restriction to
which Seller is subject; or

(c) constitutes an event which, after notice or
lapse of time or both, could result in any of the foregoing.

4.5 PRODUCT WARRANTY. Schedule 4.5 sets forth:

(a) a list of all product or service warranty claims
in excess of $1,000 made by customers of Seller in the one (1) year
period preceding the Closing Date; and

(b) forms of product and service warranties of
Seller outstanding or currently being offered to customers of Seller.

To the knowledge of Seller, there has not been a pattern of product warranty

claims with respect to any Purchased Asset which indicates that such Asset is

inherently defective or could otherwise reasonably be expected to form the

basis of a product liability or tort claim.

4.6 ACCRUED VACATION AND SICK PAY. Seller shall have

provided an accrual for the liability for paying to each employee who has

accepted employment with Buyer all earned but unused vacation pay. Sick pay is

paid as incurred and there is no liability for sick pay which requires an

accrual.

-12-
<PAGE> 14
4.7 EMPLOYMENT MATTERS.

(a) All full-time employees of the Division on the date

hereof are identified on Schedule 4.7(a) supplied by Seller, which includes

such employee's name, date of hire, function, rate of pay, bonus and commission

plan.

(b) Schedule 4.7(b) supplied by Seller includes and

identifies employees of the Division who are not presently at work but are

entitled, legally or otherwise, to return to work at the Division, including

people on pregnancy or parental or equivalent leave or on temporary lay-off, or

currently receiving disability, workmen's compensation or any similar

compensation or benefit.

(c) Seller represents that there are no (i) part-time

employees in the Division, (ii) employees hired for a determined period only,

or (iii) employees whose employment terms and conditions were specifically

agreed upon by written contract. The employees who are listed on Schedules

4.7(a) and (b) are the only employees of the Division.

4.8 COMPLIANCE WITH CONTRACTS. With respect to the Vendor

Agreements, Operating Leases, Equipment Leases and Real Property Leases:

(a) to Seller's knowledge each of them is
enforceable by Seller in accordance with its terms;

(b) Seller is not in default under or in violation
of any material provision thereof;

(c) no event has occurred which, with notice or
lapse of time or both, would constitute such a material default or
violation; and

(d) Seller has not received written or verbal notice
of termination of or default under any Operating Lease, Equipment
Lease, Real Property Lease or Vendor Agreement and, to Seller's
knowledge, no Vendor has threatened to terminate any Vendor Agreement.

To Seller's knowledge, there is no known material default under or any

violation of any of the foregoing by any other party thereto.

4.9 PURCHASES AND SALES. Set forth on Schedule 1.2(h)

attached hereto is a list of each outstanding purchase order, sales order or

open written

-13-
<PAGE> 15
quotation pertaining or relating to the Purchased Assets. Seller has no open

purchase commitments with respect to the Purchased Assets in excess of its

normal business requirements.

4.10 PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS. Schedule 4.10(a), which shall

be prepared in accordance with Sections 3.3 and 3.4 hereof, sets forth all

prepayments and deposits which have been received by the Seller as of the date

hereof and relate or pertain to Inventory to be shipped (detailed by location),

or services to be performed after the date hereof with respect to the Purchased

Assets. Schedule 4.10(b), which shall be prepared in accordance with Sections

3.3 and 3.4 hereof, sets forth all prepayments and deposits which have been

made by Seller as of the Closing Date and relate or pertain to the Division's

business, including but not limited to the Operating Leases, Equipment Leases

and Real Property Leases.

4.11 TITLE. Except for certain assets which are leased under

the Operating Leases, Equipment Leases and Real Property Leases and except as

set forth on Schedule 4.11, Seller owns the Purchased Assets free and clear of

all Liens, except for Permitted Liens.

4.12 RECEIVABLES. To Seller's knowledge, none of the

Receivables are subject to any set-off or counterclaim.

4.13 NO UNION. Seller is not a party to or subject to any

collective bargaining agreement or other union contract or agreement affecting

or pertaining to the Division or any of its employees.

4.14 CONDITION. The Fixed Assets are in good operational

condition and repair, subject to normal maintenance, ordinary wear and tear

excepted, and are capable of being used for their intended purpose in the

ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

-14-
<PAGE> 16
4.15 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Schedule 4.15 attached hereto
consists of:

(a) the unaudited balance sheet of the Division as
of December 31, 1993 and related statements of income and cash flow
for the twelve-month period then ended; and

(b) the unaudited balance sheet of the Division as
of February 28, 1994, and related statements of income and cash flow
for the two-month period then ended.

The above financial statements reflect the actual business transacted by the

Division for the periods reflected thereon, using consistent accounting

principles and practices, in a manner sufficiently reasonable so as not to be

materially misleading.

4.16 BROKERS AND FINDERS. Other than CIBC Mergers &

Acquisitions, whose fee shall be paid by Seller, no broker, finder or other

person or entity acting in a similar capacity has participated on behalf of

Seller in bringing about the transactions herein contemplated, rendered any

services with respect thereto or been in any way involved therewith.

4.17 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Without limiting the

obligations of Seller under Section 2.2 hereof:

(a) to the knowledge of Seller, there are no
underground storage tanks located on (nor, to the knowledge of Seller,
have any underground storage tanks been removed from) any Leased Real
Property;

(b) to the knowledge of Seller, there has been no
Release of any Hazardous Substance onto or into any Leased Real
Property;

(c) to the knowledge of Seller, there is no
threatened Release of any Hazardous Substance onto or into any Leased
Real Property;

(d) to the knowledge of Seller, there has been no
Release of any Hazardous Substance at or from any properties adjacent
to any Leased Real Property;

(e) to the knowledge of Seller, there are no
asbestos-containing materials, urea formaldehyde-containing materials,
or electrical transformers, fluorescent light fixtures with ballasts,
or other equipment containing polychlorinated biphenyls, located in or
on any Purchased Asset or any facility located on any Leased Real
Property; and

-15-
<PAGE> 17
(f) the Division does not use (except to an
extent which is normal due to the nature of its business), generate,
treat or store any Hazardous Substance in the ordinary course of its
business.

4.18 TAX MATTERS. Except for any taxes which may be

assessed under Section 7.8 hereof as a result of this transaction, there are no

tax Liabilities of Seller or the Division, or any affiliate thereof, which

could result in Liability to Buyer as a transferee or successor, or otherwise

attach to the Purchased Assets.

4.19 INSURANCE. Schedule 4.19 sets forth in reasonable

detail a list of insurance policies and coverages presently available to the

Division and a list of the current and known past insurance agents for the

Seller and/or Division.

4.20 FULL DISCLOSURE. No representation or warranty by

Seller in this Agreement and no statement contained in any Schedule to this

Agreement prepared by Seller contains any untrue statement of a material fact,

or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained

therein, in light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading.

To the best of Seller's knowledge, there is no event or circumstance which

Seller has not disclosed to Buyer in writing which materially adversely affects

or, could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect, the business

of the Division or the ability of Seller to perform this Agreement.

ARTICLE V
---------
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER.
---------------------------------------
Buyer represents and warrants to Seller as of the date hereof

and as of the Closing as follows:

5.1 ORGANIZATION AND POWER. Buyer is a corporation duly

organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of

Ohio. Buyer has full corporate power to execute, deliver and perform this

Agreement and all

-16-
<PAGE> 18
other agreements and documents to be executed and delivered by it in connection

herewith.

5.2 ENFORCEABILITY. All requisite corporate action necessary

to approve, execute, deliver or perform this Agreement and each other agreement

or document delivered by Buyer in connection herewith has been taken by Buyer.

This Agreement and each other agreement and document executed or delivered by

Buyer in connection herewith has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer and

constitutes the binding obligations of Buyer enforceable in accordance with

their respective terms.

5.3 CONSENTS. Except for such approvals or consents

described in Section 6.2, no approval or consent of, or filing with, any Person

or Governmental Authority is required in connection with the execution,

delivery or performance by Buyer of this Agreement or any other agreement or

document executed or delivered by or on behalf of Buyer in connection herewith.

5.4 NO CONFLICTS. Neither the execution, delivery and

performance of this Agreement, nor any other agreement or document delivered by

Buyer in connection herewith, conflicts with or violates:

(a) any Law applicable to Buyer;

(b) Buyer's Articles of Incorporation or Code of 
Regulations; or

(c) any material Contract, arbitration award,
judgment, injunction, decree or similar material restriction to which
Buyer is subject;

or constitutes an event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, could

result in any of the foregoing.

5.5 BROKERS AND FINDERS. No broker, finder or other person

or entity acting in a similar capacity has participated on behalf of Buyer in

-17-
<PAGE> 19
bringing about the transactions herein contemplated, or rendered any services

with respect thereto or been in any way involved therewith.

5.6 FULL DISCLOSURE. No representation or warranty by Buyer

in this Agreement and no statement contained in any Schedule to this Agreement

prepared by Buyer contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to

state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in

light of the circumstances in which they are made, not misleading. To the best

of Buyer's knowledge, there is no event or circumstance which Buyer has not

disclosed to Seller in writing which materially adversely affects or, could

reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect, the ability of Buyer to

perform this Agreement.

ARTICLE VI
----------
CLOSING
-------
6.1 DATE, TIME AND PLACE OF CLOSING. The consummation of the

transactions contemplated hereby (the "Closing") shall take place on Wednesday,

June 1, 1994, at 9:00 a.m. at the offices of McCarthy, Tetrault, Toronto

- - -Dominion Centre, Toronto, Canada, or on such other date as the parties may

mutually agree (the "Closing Date").

6.2 DELIVERIES AT OR BEFORE CLOSING; CERTAIN ACTIONS AT AND

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING.

(a) As a condition of Closing, Seller shall deliver the

following to Buyer at or before the Closing, all of which shall be in form and

substance reasonably acceptable to Buyer and its counsel:

(i) a general bill of sale and assignment "Bill
of Sale", together with such other documents of transfer,
assignment and conveyance as Buyer may reasonably request as
necessary or appropriate to transfer title to the Purchased
Assets free and clear of all Liens (except Permitted Liens),
and otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and to

-18-
<PAGE> 20
assign to Buyer the rights and benefits of Seller under the
Vendor Agreements, Operating Leases, Equipment Leases and Real
Property Leases, in each case executed by Seller;

(ii) such consents which are necessary for the
consummation of the transaction contemplated herein and for
the operation by Buyer of the business of the Division as
heretofore conducted, including but not limited to written
consents, executed by each party to an Operating Lease,
Equipment Lease or Real Property Lease and each Vendor that is
identified on Schedule 6.2(a)(ii) attached hereto;

(iii) such other endorsements, consents,
assignments, lessor estoppel certificates pertaining to
computer hardware and software, and instruments of transfer as
Buyer may reasonably request for the transfer to Buyer of
title to the Purchased Assets or Seller's rights under the
Vendor Agreements or Operating Leases, Equipment Leases or
Real Property Leases;

(iv) certified copies of the corporate actions
taken by the Board of Directors of Seller authorizing the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions herein and therein
contemplated;

(v) Opinions of Louis-Gilles Gagnon, Esq. and
McCarthy, Tetrault, counsel for Seller, addressed to Buyer and
dated the Closing Date, in the form attached hereto
collectively as Exhibit A;

(vi) a certificate of Good Standing pertaining to
Seller from Canada, dated no earlier than fifteen (15) days
prior to the Closing Date;

(vii) clearance certificates under Section 6 of the
Retail Sales Tax Act of Ontario and comparable legislation of
other provinces;

(viii) releases and terminations of any Liens
(except Permitted Liens) in the Purchased Assets;

(ix) delivery of the Schedules required by 
Section 3.3; and

(x) a certificate of an authorized officer of
Seller confirming that all representations and warranties and
agreements of Seller are true and correct and all agreements
of Seller contained herein have been complied with as of the
Closing, and that since December 31, 1993, there has not been
any material adverse change

-19-
<PAGE> 21
in the assets, business or condition, financial or otherwise,
of the Division, and the Seller does not know of any such
change which is threatened, nor has there been any damage,
destruction or loss materially affecting the assets, business
or condition of the Division, whether or not covered by
insurance.

(b) As a condition of Closing, Buyer shall deliver the

following to Seller at or before the Closing, all of which shall be in form and

substance reasonably acceptable to Seller and its counsel:

(i) payment of the first installment of the
Purchase Price via a wire transfer to an account designated by
Seller in accordance with Section 3.2 hereof;

(ii) an assumption agreement or other such
appropriate documents as Seller may reasonably request
pursuant to which Buyer assumes the Assumed Liabilities
pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof;

(iii) opinions of Calfee, Halter & Griswold and
Blake Cassels & Graydon, counsel for Buyer, addressed to
Seller and dated the Closing Date, in the form of that
attached hereto collectively as Exhibit B;

(iv) certified copies of the corporate actions
taken by the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of
Buyer authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein and therein; and

(v) a certificate of Good Standing pertaining to
Buyer from the Secretary of State of Ohio, dated no earlier
than fifteen (15) days prior to the Closing Date.

(c) As a condition of Closing, Seller shall deliver or

cause to be delivered to Buyer, at or before the Closing: (i) an unaudited

Balance Sheet as of March 31, 1994, pertaining to the assets purchased and

liabilities assumed hereunder, and (ii) a Balance Sheet as of December 31, 1993

and an Income Statement and Statement of Cash Flows for the period from January

1, 1993 through December 31, 1993 pertaining to the business being purchased

hereunder (collectively, the "Regulation S-X Financial Statements"), which

Regulation S-X

-20-
<PAGE> 22
Financial Statements shall: (A) be audited by Deloitte & Touche, C.A. or Peat

Marwick Thorne, C.A.; and (B) shall be prepared in accordance with U.S.

generally accepted accounting principles and, to the extent applicable, the

provisions of Regulation S-X promulgated by the United States Securities and

Exchange Commission. Buyer and Seller shall share equally the cost of the

Regulation S-X Financial Statements.

(d) As a condition of Closing, the parties shall have

given appropriate notification under the Competition Act (Canada) and shall

have received approval or a "no-action" letter or advance ruling certificate in

respect of the transaction contemplated hereby.

(e) As a condition of Closing, all proceedings to be

taken in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and

all documents incident thereto, shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and

substance to Seller and Buyer and their respective counsel, and Seller and

Buyer shall have received copies of all such documents and other evidences as

they or their counsel may reasonably request in order to establish the

consummation of such transactions and the taking of all proceedings in

connection therewith.

(f) Seller acknowledges that Buyer has not been given the

opportunity to complete due diligence prior to the execution and delivery of

this Agreement. No Closing shall occur, and Buyer shall not be obligated to

proceed with the Closing and shall have no liability to Seller, unless and

until Buyer has completed its due diligence review and investigation of the

Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities and the business conducted by Seller

with respect to the Division. If, in connection with its due diligence review

and investigation, Buyer learns or is informed of any fact, circumstance or

condition relating or pertaining to the business or the Purchased Assets, the

Vendor Agreements, the Equipment Leases, the Operating Leases, the Real

Property Leases, the open orders, the Accounts Receivable, the Inventory, the

Fixed Assets, the Payables

-21-
<PAGE> 23
or any Vendor, customer or supplier of the Division, which fact, circumstance

or condition is of significance with respect to the Division and is reasonably

objectionable or unacceptable to Buyer, the Buyer shall not be obligated to

proceed with the Closing.

(g) As a condition of Closing, the parties shall have

agreed upon the Estimated Purchase Price as described in Section 3.2 hereof.

ARTICLE VII
-----------
COVENANTS
---------
7.1 RETURNS OF INVENTORY. If, during the three (3) month

period after the Closing Date, a customer returns to Buyer any product or part

which was originally sold by Seller to such customer during the six (6) month

period preceding the Closing Date and which is of a type or product line

identified on Schedule 1.2(b) as Inventory, and such product is not, in Buyer's

reasonable judgment, resalable as new, then: (a) Buyer shall deliver a notice

to Seller with proper supporting documents, advising of such return and stating

(i) the amount of the credit or refund that was paid in respect of the return

of the product or the amount of the Receivable that was forgiven or rendered

uncollectible as a result of such return, or the total of both (the "Credit and

Receivable Amount"), and (ii) the value of such returned product, based upon

Buyer's then current valuation policies (the "Product Value"); and (b) Seller

shall pay to Buyer, within thirty (30) days after Buyer's delivery of such

notice, an amount equal to the difference between the Credit and Receivable

Amount and the Product Value. If, during the three (3) month period after the

Closing Date, a customer returns to Buyer any product or part (originally sold

by Seller to such customer) which is of a type or product line identified on

Schedule 1.2(b) as Inventory, and such product is resalable as new, then Buyer

shall deliver a notice to Seller with proper supporting documents, advising of

such return and stating the Credit and Receivable Amount and the replacement

cost

-22-
<PAGE> 24
pertaining thereto, and Seller shall pay to Buyer within thirty (30) days after

Buyer's delivery of such notice, an amount equal to the difference between the

Credit and Receivable Amount and the replacement cost of the product returned.

No payment shall be made by Seller to Buyer under this clause 7.1 unless and

until the aggregate amount due hereunder by Seller exceeds $5,000, in which

event Buyer may recover the full amount due.

7.2 CERTAIN LEASE MATTERS. Buyer agrees to use reasonable

efforts to locate acceptable office and warehouse space to serve as alternative

locations to that certain office and warehouse space that is currently being

occupied and used by Seller in Missisauga, Ontario, Richmond, B.C. and

Winnipeg, Manitoba. Buyer further agrees to attempt to enter into lease

arrangements for such alternative locations (or to otherwise remove its assets

from such locations) prior to or at the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the

foregoing, Buyer shall not be obligated to enter into any such lease or remove

any such asset and, unless such arrangements are made by Buyer, Seller

covenants and agrees to provide or cause its landlord to provide to Buyer, for

a period of ninety (90) days after the Closing, the right to occupy and use

such office and warehouse space that is currently being occupied and used by

Seller in Missisauga, Ontario, Richmond, B.C. and Winnipeg, Manitoba. In such

event, Buyer shall:

(a) pay to Seller or its designee as total rent for
occupancy, building insurance, taxes and utilities, the following
amounts:

(i) Missisauga, Ontario: $30,000 per month on a
pro rata basis for so long as Buyer occupies such premises;

(ii) Richmond, B.C.: $3,500 per month on a pro
rata basis for so long as Buyer occupies such premises;

(iii) Winnipeg, Manitoba: $1,000 per month on a
pro rata basis for so long as Buyer occupies such premises;
and

(b) be responsible for and indemnify Seller with
respect to all obligations, claims or liabilities caused by or
resulting from the use and occupancy of such premises by Buyer.

-23-
<PAGE> 25
In any event, Buyer shall vacate such premises at the expiration of such ninety

(90) day period.

7.3 ADJUSTMENT OF PAYABLES. If, subsequent to the Closing, a

Payable listed on Schedule 2.1(a) is increased or decreased (as a result of a

Vendor "bill-back" or other similar cause including a documented discrepancy

with the Vendor), and if Buyer is reasonably satisfied that the adjustment

claimed is due in the case of an increase, Buyer shall pay the full amount of

such Payable; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that within thirty (30) days after Buyer's

delivery to Seller of notice of such increase or decrease, which shall be

accompanied by the related documentation, (a) Seller shall reimburse and pay to

Buyer an amount equal to the difference between the amount of the Payable as

listed on Schedule 2.1(a) and the amount of the Payable as adjusted if such

adjustment constitutes an increase, or (b) Buyer shall pay to Seller an amount

equal to the difference between the amount of the Payable as listed on Schedule

2.1(a) and the amount of the Payable as adjusted if such adjustment constitutes

a decrease.

7.4 EMPLOYMENT MATTERS.

(a) Not later than seven (7) days before Closing:

(i) Buyer shall deliver to Seller a list showing
the names of all employees of the Division, as included in
Schedule 4.7(a) and 4.7(b), who as of such date have accepted
employment with Buyer (effective as of the Closing) following
an offer made by Buyer in accordance with subsection (iii)
below; and

(ii) Buyer shall deliver to Seller a list showing
the names of all employees of the Division, as included in
Schedule 4.7(a) and 4.7(b), who as of such date have not been
offered employment by Buyer; and

(iii) Buyer shall deliver to Seller a list showing
the names of all employees of the Division, as included in
Schedule 4.7(a) and 4.7(b), who as of such date have been
offered but have either refused or failed to accept employment
with Buyer although they were each offered such employment by
Buyer acting in good faith, in the same or similar job
function as the one now exercised, with compensation, on the
whole, comparable to that previously provided to such person
by Seller and with

-24-
<PAGE> 26
benefits, on the whole, comparable to those generally provided
by Buyer to its employees on the same or similar level. With
respect to this clause (iii) only, any such compensation and
benefits offered by Buyer shall be disclosed with reasonable
details in the list submitted.

(b) With respect to the employees identified pursuant to

7.4(a)(i), Buyer shall assume full responsibility for all such employees from

Closing, except that Seller shall be responsible for any claims made prior to

or after Closing by such employees with respect to their employment by Seller

prior to Closing, including claims with respect to the provision of all

retirement and group insurance benefits of such employees to the extent that

they were earned prior to Closing, but excluding any claims by such employees

(i) for any termination or severance pay or for any damages in lieu of notice

related to their dismissal or their alleged or constructive dismissal by Seller

upon their leaving the employment of Seller and becoming employees of Buyer and

(ii) for termination of their employment after Closing for which Buyer is

obligated to reimburse Seller under Section 7.4(g). Buyer covenants and agrees

that for purposes of calculating or evaluating eligibility under any benefit

plans of Buyer, including without limitation vacation pay plans, each such

employee shall receive past service credit (to the extent such service is

recognized by Seller under its plans) equal to the length of time for which

such employee has service credit from Seller but only for such purposes as are

required by any Canadian Laws and for the purpose of eligibility under any of

the Buyer's benefit plans.

(c) With respect to the employees identified pursuant to

Section 7.4(a)(ii), Buyer shall reimburse Seller on demand for any termination

and severance pay which the Seller has been required by statute to pay (under

the Employment Standards Act of Ontario and comparable legislation in other

provinces as applicable) and any additional amounts which the Seller has paid

in settlement of any claims for damages in lieu of notice to employees who are

not offered

-25-
<PAGE> 27
employment by Buyer; PROVIDED, that in any settlement resulting in amounts paid

on account of damages to any such employees, or in any claim brought by such

employees resulting in a judgment against Seller, Buyer shall have been

consulted by Seller prior to the claim being settled or brought to trial with

respect to any proposed payment to such employees.

(d) With respect to the employees identified pursuant to

7.4(a)(iii), and to the extent that the compensation and the benefits offered

by Buyer were in accordance therewith, Buyer shall have no responsibility

whatsoever towards employees whose names appear on the list therein referred

to.

(e) Buyer shall in no case be required to adopt any form

of defined benefit or defined contribution pension plan.

(f) During the 90 day period following Closing, Buyer

agrees not to hire any of the people whose name appears on the list referred to

in 7.4(a)(iii) and who would have initially refused employment.

(g) Without limiting Buyer's obligations under 7.4(b),

should any employee whose name appears on the list referred to in 7.4(a)(i) be

terminated by Buyer without just cause within a short time period after Closing

and, as a result, claims indemnity from Seller as if he or she had been

terminated at or prior to Closing, Section 7.4(c) shall apply mutatis mutandis,

except that Buyer shall have control of any negotiation or litigation with such

employees.

(h) Seller covenants and agrees that between the date

hereof and the Closing, Seller will not add any person(s) to Schedules 4.7(a)

or (b) or otherwise change any condition of employment of any such person

without the prior written consent of Buyer.

7.5 PRODUCT WARRANTY WORK. Because Seller may be unable, by

virtue of the transaction herein contemplated, to perform those product

warranty obligations presented to Buyer which are not Assumed Liabilities

("Customer

-26-
<PAGE> 28
Claims") with respect to insufficient or defective goods sold prior to the

Closing, Buyer hereby agrees to:

(a) provide notice to Seller of Customer Claims;

(b) use reasonable efforts to cause the Vendor or
manufacturer to honor the product warranty at issue;

(c) to perform such functions on Seller's behalf
following the Closing, in accordance with Buyer's reasonable business
judgment and consistent with the ongoing operation of Buyer's
business; and

(d) to provide Seller with reasonable evidence of
the costs and expenses (including but not limited to material and
labor costs) incurred by Buyer and paid to third parties in performing
such functions.

Seller acknowledges and agrees that Buyer's agreement to perform such functions

shall not be deemed to be an assumption of any product warranty obligations of

Seller not constituting Assumed Liabilities. Seller covenants and agrees to

reimburse to Buyer, upon Buyer's demand, all of Buyer's reasonable costs and

expenses (including but not limited to out-of-pocket costs and material and

labor costs (salary and fringe benefits) and related expenses) which may be

incurred by Buyer in performing such functions to the extent that such

reimbursement with regard to any specific Customer Claim exceeds $1,000.

7.6 (a) COVENANTS NOT TO COMPETE. Seller, for and on behalf

of itself and United Westburne Inc., as well as any corporation under its

control or the control of United Westburne Inc. (the "Related Corporations"),

covenants and agrees that for two (2) years following the Closing Date (the

"Noncompetition Period") neither Seller nor any of the Related Corporations

shall, without the prior written consent of Buyer, either directly or

indirectly, (i) conduct its business in competition with the business of the

Division to an extent which is greater than currently exists, or (ii)

manufacture, sell or distribute in Canada or the United States any electronic

components and electronic computer systems products or product lines which are

manufactured or sold by any of the Vendors listed on Schedule 7.6. Seller, for

and on behalf of itself and the Related

-27-
<PAGE> 29
Corporations, covenants and agrees that during the Noncompetition Period

neither Seller nor any of the Related Corporations will consult or otherwise

use in the pursuit or furtherance of its business any customer lists or data

which were previously owned or used by the Division, to the extent such lists

and data relate (or related) to any of the product lines or Inventory purchased

by Buyer hereunder. The parties hereto agree that money damages alone may not

be a sufficient remedy for any breach of the provisions of this Section 7.6,

and that in addition to all other remedies, Buyer shall be entitled to specific

performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such

breach. If any of the covenants contained in this Section 7.6 shall be found

by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable as against

public policy or for any other reason, such court may exercise its discretion

to reform such covenant to the end that Seller and the Related Corporations

shall be subject to non-competition covenants that are reasonable under the

circumstances and are enforceable by the Buyer.

7.6 (b) NONINTERFERENCE. Seller covenants and agrees that

it will not induce, attempt to induce, or assist others in inducing or

attempting to induce any employee, agent, or Vendor of Buyer or the Division or

any other Person affiliated or doing business with Buyer or the Division (or

proposing to become affiliated or to do business with Buyer or the Division) to

terminate his or its relationship with Buyer or the Division (or to refrain

from becoming affiliated or doing business with Buyer or the Division) or in

any other manner to interfere with the relationship between Buyer or the

Division and any such Person.

7.7 PUBLICITY. All public announcements relating to this

Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be made only as may be

agreed upon by Seller and Buyer or as required by law. If a public notice is

required by

-28-
<PAGE> 30
law, Seller or Buyer, as the case may be, shall use its best efforts to give

the other party prior written notice of the disclosure to be made.

7.8 EXPENSES; TRANSFER TAXES. Except to the extent otherwise

specifically provided herein, Buyer shall pay all of the expenses incident to

the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which are incurred by Buyer or

its representatives, and Seller shall bear and pay all of the expenses incident

to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which are incurred by Seller

or its representatives including but not limited to CIBC Mergers &

Acquisitions. Buyer agrees to pay all Canadian Federal, Provincial and local

sales or transfer taxes, if any, which may be payable in connection with the

transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

7.9 NO ASSIGNMENT. Except as provided in the next sentence,

no assignment by any party of this Agreement or any right or obligation

hereunder may be made without the prior written consent of all other parties,

and any assignment attempted without that consent will be void. Seller agrees

that Buyer may assign any right or obligation hereunder to a wholly-owned

Canadian subsidiary of Buyer at any time upon prior notice to Seller. Upon any

such assignment, the wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary shall, for all purposes

of this Agreement, be deemed to be the Buyer hereunder; provided, however, that

such assignment shall not release Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. from any

of its obligations hereunder.

7.10 JURISDICTION. Any action or proceeding brought by a

party against any other party in connection with this Agreement may be

commenced either in a federal or state court in the State of Ohio or in a court

of competent jurisdiction in the Province of Ontario. All objections to

personal jurisdiction or venue in any action or proceeding so commenced are

hereby waived. Each party may be served with process by any such court by

notice as provided in Section 9.2 hereof.

-29-
<PAGE> 31
7.11 RECEIVABLES. Buyer shall use all reasonable efforts

for a period of up to 90 days after the Closing consistent with Buyer's

business practices to collect the Seller's Receivables included in the

Purchased Assets, including but not limited to contacting customers, where

appropriate, to attempt to confirm the Receivable to which a customer payment

relates; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Buyer shall not be required to take or

threaten legal action to collect any of such Receivables. If Buyer receives a

payment from an account debtor for which there is an outstanding account 

receivable both before and after the Closing Date, such payment shall be 

applied to the invoice to which it relates. If it cannot reasonably be 

determined to which invoice the payment relates, said payment shall be applied 

to the oldest outstanding invoice(s) the payment of which the account debtor is 

not disputing. Seller covenants and agrees to forward to Buyer, within five 

(5) business days of Seller's receipt of the same, any and all payments which 

Seller may receive in respect of the Receivables or any payments which relate 

or pertain to sales by Buyer after the Closing, which payments are delivered to 

Seller's lockbox or are otherwise received by Seller. In the event that Buyer 

at any time receives checks payable to the Seller for amounts owed to Buyer, 

Buyer shall deliver such checks to Seller and Seller shall endorse such checks 

to Buyer or remit to Buyer the amounts represented by such checks within five 

(5) business days of Seller's receipt of same. No less frequently than every 

week, each of Seller and Buyer shall provide the other with an accounting of 

all payments to which the other is entitled. Buyer shall have the option to 

remit and return to Seller any or all of the Receivables which remain 

uncollected as of the ninetieth (90th) day after the Closing. To exercise this 

option, Buyer shall deliver to Seller, during the period from the ninetieth 

(90th) through the one-hundred fifth (105th) day after the Closing, a list of 

such Receivables which Buyer elects to return to Seller, together with all 

invoices and other documentation necessary for Seller to collect such unpaid

-30-
<PAGE> 32
Receivables, and Buyer shall have no further obligation to collect the

Receivables (other than to remit to Seller any payments received by Buyer with

respect to such uncollected Receivables). Upon the uncollected Receivables

being remitted to Seller, the Final Purchase Price shall be reduced by an

amount equal to the aggregate gross book value of the Receivables so remitted

to Seller as if such Receivables had never been included in the Purchased

Assets. Buyer agrees that it will, upon the request of Seller and at Seller's

expense, do such acts as may reasonably be required to assist Seller in its

collection of such Receivables remitted to Seller pursuant to this Section

7.11.

7.12 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Seller agrees that at any time and

from time to time after the Closing, it will, upon the request of Buyer, do all

such further acts as may be reasonably required to further transfer, assign and

confirm to Buyer, or to aid and assist in the gaining of possession by Buyer

of, any of the Purchased Assets, or to vest in Buyer good and marketable title

to the Purchased Assets.

7.13 ASSIGNMENT OF CONTRACTS, RIGHTS, ETC. Anything

contained in this Agreement or the Bill of Sale to the contrary

notwithstanding, this Agreement and the Bill of Sale shall not constitute an

agreement to assign any Vendor Agreement, Operating Lease, Equipment Lease,

Real Property Lease, purchase or sale order or quotation, or any claim, right

or benefit arising thereunder or resulting therefrom, if an attempted

assignment thereof, without the consent of a third party thereto, would

constitute a breach thereof or in any way affect the rights of Buyer

thereunder, and such consent has not been obtained. Seller covenants and

agrees to use its best efforts to obtain the consent of the other party to any

of the foregoing to the assignment thereof to Buyer in all cases in which such

consent is required for assignment or transfer, except that no payment or

consideration and no waiver of rights of Seller shall be required in connection

therewith. If such consent is not obtained, Seller agrees to

-31-
<PAGE> 33
cooperate with Buyer in any reasonable arrangement designed to provide for

Buyer the benefits thereunder, including, but not limited to, enforcement for

the benefit of Buyer of any and all rights of Seller against the other party

thereto arising out of the cancellation by such other party or otherwise.

7.14 USE OF NAME. Seller covenants and agrees that after the

Closing it shall not use the name "Zentronics" in the conduct of its business,

except as reference to such name is required to inform or explain to customers

or third parties the transactions consummated in connection with this

Agreement.

7.15 PURCHASE PRICE ALLOCATION. Buyer shall deliver to

Seller on or before April 1, 1995, a proposed schedule setting forth the

purchase price allocation. The proposed schedule shall be consistent with the

intent of the parties, respecting the fact that the purchase price allocated to

inventory, fixed assets and other assets acquired will be based upon fair

market values, and shall have been prepared in conformity with applicable tax

laws. Within seven (7) days following such delivery, Buyer and Seller shall

mutually agree on a final schedule.

7.16 ORDINARY COURSE. Seller covenants and agrees that

between the date hereof and the Closing Date Seller will operate the business

of the Division only in the ordinary course of business and will continue to

make available to the Buyer and its representatives all of the books and

records, Vendor Agreements, customer and supplier files, employee files,

Contracts, computer files and formats, monthly financial statements and all

other information reasonably requested with respect to the Division's business.

Seller acknowledges and agrees that sales of components Inventory by the

Division to Seller or any affiliate of Seller shall not be considered to be in

the ordinary course and Seller and Division covenant and agree not to make any

such sales or transfers.

-32-
<PAGE> 34
7.17. EXCISE TAX ACT. The Seller confirms that it is

registered under Subdivision d of Division V of the EXCISE TAX ACT (Canada) and

the corresponding provisions of the applicable Quebec legislation. Prior to

the Closing, Buyer or a subsidiary of Buyer to which this Agreement is assigned

pursuant to Section 7.9 hereof, shall register under Subdivision d of Division

V of the EXCISE TAX ACT (Canada) and the corresponding provisions of the

applicable Quebec legislation. On or before the Closing, each of the Seller

and the Buyer (or such subsidiary to which this Agreement is assigned) shall

jointly execute and Buyer shall file within the prescribed time limits,

elections pursuant to Section 167 of the EXCISE TAX ACT (Canada) and the

corresponding provisions of the equivalent Quebec legislation in the prescribed

form and containing the prescribed information in order to permit the

transaction contemplated hereby to be completed without the Goods and Services

Tax ("GST") or the Quebec equivalent, being payable in respect thereof.

7.18 SECTION 22. The parties agree to elect jointly

in prescribed form T2022 pursuant to Section 22 of the Income Tax Act (Canada)

and the corresponding provisions of any applicable Provincial income tax

legislation and on a timely basis with respect to Accounts Receivable

transferred pursuant to Section 1.2(a) hereof.

7.19 BOOKS AND RECORDS. Buyer agrees to maintain and

safeguard all Books and Records of the Division acquired pursuant to Section

1.2(j) for the minimum length of time required by applicable Canadian federal

and provincial legislations. Buyer and Seller each further agrees that, after

Closing, it will render all reasonable assistance to the other in obtaining

access to and extracts of its books and records for the purpose of enabling

such other party to fulfill its statutory obligations with respect to any time

period prior to Closing.

7.20 MIS AND OTHER STAFF. Until Buyer is able to convert

certain information and processes to its computer systems, Seller shall provide

to Buyer

-33-
<PAGE> 35
such administrative services and assistance as were customarily provided by

Seller to the Division, including but not limited to use of computer systems

and software for payroll and accounting purposes. Buyer reserves the right to

utilize any or all of the Division's MIS staff at any time until conversion to

Buyer's computer system, and (subject to more specific arrangements to take

place periodically as to timing, number of persons and duration) Seller shall

also make available to Buyer other Seller personnel selected by Seller on an

"as needed" basis, but for a period not to exceed one (1) year. Buyer shall

not be charged for the reasonable assistance of Division employees. For any

significant services or projects requested by Buyer and for which Seller's

personnel are used, Buyer will promptly reimburse Seller for actual times such

personnel are used at the Seller's cost (salary plus fringe benefits and

related out-of-pocket expenses). Seller covenants and agrees that prior to the

Closing and for a one-year period thereafter, no changes or modifications shall

be made by Seller to the software (excluding general ledger and accounts

payable systems) on the Division's AS400 computer without the prior written

consent of Buyer.

ARTICLE VIII
------------
INDEMNIFICATION
---------------
8.1 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The

representations and warranties of Seller in Article IV and of Buyer in Article

V shall survive the Closing and continue to be binding, regardless of any

investigation made at any time by any party, for a period of two (2) years.

8.2 INDEMNIFICATION BY SELLER. The Seller shall indemnify

Buyer against and hold Buyer harmless from any and all Liabilities, losses,

damages or deficiencies, including any and all reasonable costs, expenses,

legal or accounting fees and costs of investigation (collectively "Losses"),

resulting from or arising out of:

-34-
<PAGE> 36
(a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any
representation or warranty by Seller herein or in any other agreement,
instrument or document delivered by or on behalf of Seller in
connection herewith;

(b) any breach or nonperformance of any covenant
or obligation made or incurred by Seller herein or in any other
agreement, instrument or document delivered by or on behalf of Seller
in connection herewith;

(c) the conduct of Seller's business and sales
made by Seller prior to the Closing, including but not limited to any
product liability or other tort claims which may be made with respect
thereto, other than the Assumed Liabilities; and

(d) any imposition (including, but not limited
to, by operation of any bulk sales or other Law) or attempted
imposition upon Buyer of any Liability which Buyer has not
specifically agreed to assume under Section 2.1 or Section 7.4 of this
Agreement.

8.3 INDEMNIFICATION BY BUYER. Buyer shall indemnify Seller

against and hold Seller harmless from all Losses resulting from or arising out

of:
(a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any
representation or warranty by Buyer herein or in any other agreement,
instrument or document delivered by or on behalf of Buyer in
connection herewith;

(b) any breach or nonperformance of any covenant
or obligation made or incurred by Buyer herein or in any other
agreement, instrument or document delivered by or on behalf of Buyer
in connection herewith;

(c) the conduct of Buyer's business after the 
Closing; and

(d) any imposition (including, but not limited
to, by operation of law) or attempted imposition upon Seller of any
Liability of Seller which Buyer specifically agreed to assume under
Section 2.1 or Section 7.4 of this Agreement.

8.4 LIMITATIONS. Indemnification under this Article VIII

shall be limited in certain respects as follows:

(a) Except as otherwise set forth in this Section
8.4(a), no indemnity shall be made for Losses resulting from or
relating to any misrepresentation or breach of a representation and
warranty unless a claim for indemnification is made not later than two
(2) years following the Closing Date. Any claim for indemnification
resulting from or relating to any misrepresentation or breach of a
representation and warranty by Seller under Sections 4.6 or 4.7 or
4.18 must be made not later than sixty (60) days after the expiration
of the longest applicable period of limitations applicable to the
matters therein represented, and under Section 4.17 must be made not
later than six (6) years following the Closing Date. No time
limitation shall exist with respect to the period during which a claim
for indemnification may be made for misrepresentation

-35-
<PAGE> 37
or breach of a representation and warranty under Sections 4.1, 4.2,
4.11, 4.16 and 5.1, 5.2 and 5.5. Any claim for indemnification
resulting from or relating to a breach or nonperformance of a covenant
set forth in Article VII must be made not later than four (4) years
following the Closing Date. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, no time limitation shall exist with respect to the period
during which a claim for indemnification may be made under Sections
8.2 (b)(c) and (d) and 8.3 (b)(c) and (d).

(b) No indemnity shall be made to an Indemnified
Party (as hereinafter defined) for any Losses resulting from or
relating to any misrepresentation or breach of a representation and
warranty of any matter identified under Section 8.2(a) or 8.3(a)
unless the aggregate amount of all claims for indemnification
resulting from or relating to misrepresentations or breaches of a
representation and warranty by such Indemnifying Party under this
Article VIII exceeds $25,000 (the "Threshold Amount"), in which event
the Indemnified Party may recover the full amount of its Losses,
including the Threshold Amount.

8.5 THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS. If any legal proceedings shall be

instituted or any claim is asserted by any third party in respect of which one

party hereto may have an obligation to indemnify the other, the party asserting

such right to indemnity (the "Indemnified Party") shall give the party from

whom indemnity is sought (the "Indemnifying Party") prompt notice thereof;

provided, however, that the failure to give such notice of a matter which may

give rise to an indemnification claim shall not affect the rights of the

Indemnified Party to maintain such claims or recover its Losses from the

Indemnifying Party, except that the Indemnifying Party shall be permitted to

reduce any such Losses by an amount equal to the actual damages the

Indemnifying Party can prove it suffered by reason of any delay in receiving

such notice. The Indemnifying Party shall have the right, at its option and

expense, to participate in the defense of such a proceeding or claim, but not

to control the defense, negotiation or settlement thereof, which control shall

at all times rest with the Indemnified Party, unless the Indemnifying Party (a)

irrevocably acknowledges in writing complete responsibility for and agrees to

indemnify the Indemnified Party therefor, and (b) furnishes to the Indemnified

Party a certificate of insurance (if applicable), and a copy of the most recent

annual report of Seller or Buyer, as

-36-
<PAGE> 38
the case may be, as evidence of its financial ability to indemnify the

Indemnified Party, in which case the Indemnifying Party may assume such control

through counsel of its choice and at its expense. If the Indemnifying Party

agrees to indemnify the Indemnified Party in accordance with (a) above AND

assumes control of the defense of such proceeding or claim in accordance with

(b) above, then: (i) the Indemnifying Party will not, without the prior written

consent of the Indemnified Party, settle the proceeding or claim or consent to

entry of any judgment relating thereto which does not include as an

unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant to the Indemnified Party

a release from all Liability in respect of the proceeding or claim; and (ii)

the Indemnified Party shall continue to have the right to be represented, at

its own expense, by counsel of its choice in connection with the defense of

such a proceeding or claim. If the Indemnifying Party agrees to indemnify the

Indemnified Party in accordance with (a) above, but does NOT assume control of

the defense of such proceeding or claim, the defense of such matter shall be

controlled by the Indemnified Party at the expense (including attorney's fees)

of the Indemnifying Party; provided, however, that any settlement of such

proceeding or claim shall require the consent of the Indemnifying Party. If

the Indemnifying Party does not agree to indemnify the Indemnified Party in

accordance with (a) above, the entire defense of the proceeding or claim shall

be controlled by the Indemnified Party, and any settlement made by the

Indemnified Party, or any judgment entered in the proceeding or claim, shall be

deemed to have been consented to by, and shall be binding upon, the

Indemnifying Party as fully as though it alone had assumed the defense thereof

and a judgment had been entered in the proceeding or claim in the amount of

such settlement or judgment. The parties hereto agree to cooperate fully with

each other in connection with the defense, negotiation or settlement of any

such proceeding or claim. The parties further agree that

-37-
<PAGE> 39
whenever a consent is required under this Section 8.5, it shall not be

unreasonably withheld.
ARTICLE IX
----------
CONSTRUCTION
------------
9.1 DEFINITIONS. When used in this Agreement, the following

terms in all of their tenses and cases shall have the meanings assigned to them

below or elsewhere in this Agreement as indicated below:

"Accrued Vacation Pay" is defined in Subsection 2.2(f).

"Acquisition Cost" is defined in Section 1.3(c).

"Assumed Liabilities" is defined in Section 2.1.

"Bill of Sale" is defined in Section 6.2(a)(i).

"Books and Records" means all books and records of Seller

relating to the Division's business and properties, including, but not limited

to, (i) all books and records relating to the purchase of materials and

supplies, sales of products, dealings with customers, invoices, Vendor's lists

and personnel records for all persons identified on Schedule 7.4, (ii) all

Contracts, reports, opinions, maps and other documents affecting the title to

or the value of the properties of the Division, (iii) all financial and

operating data, files and other information with respect to the Division's

business and properties, and (iv) computer source codes, software, file layouts

and all related documentation necessary to operate the Division's business.

"Buyer" means Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc., an Ohio

corporation.

"Buyer Objections" is defined in Section 3.4.

"Closing" and "Closing Date" are defined in Section 6.1.

"Contract" means any commitment, understanding, instrument,

lease, permit, pledge, mortgage, indenture, note, license, agreement, purchase

or sale

-38-
<PAGE> 40
order, contract, promise, or similar arrangement evidencing or creating any

obligation, whether written or oral.

"Credit and Receivable Amount" is defined in Section 7.1.

"Customer Claims" is defined in Section 7.5.

"Dispute Notice" is defined in Section 3.4.

"Division" is defined in Section 1.2.

"Equipment Leases" is defined in Subsection 1.2(f).

"Estimated Purchase Price" is defined in Section 3.2.

"Final Purchase Price" is defined in Section 3.5.

"Final Purchase Price Schedules" is defined in Section 3.4.

"Fixed Assets" is defined in Subsection 1.2(c).

"Governmental Authority" means any Canadian, United States,

provincial, state, regional, municipal or local authority, agency, body, court

or instrumentality, regulatory or otherwise, which, in whole or in part, was

formed by or operates under the auspices of any foreign, federal, provincial,

state, regional, municipal or local government.

"Hazardous Substance" means any toxic or environment polluting

substance which is the subject of, or otherwise regulated or controlled by, any

Canadian Law.

"Indemnified Party" and "Indemnifying Party" are defined in

Section 8.5.

"Inventory" is defined in Section 1.2(b).

"Law" means any common or civil law and any Canadian, United

States, provincial, state, regional, municipal, local or foreign law, rule,

statute, ordinance, rule, order or regulation.

"Leased Real Property" means any property which is the subject

of a Real Property Lease or on which is located a building or facility which is

the subject of a Real Property Lease.

-39-
<PAGE> 41
"Liabilities" means responsibilities, obligations, duties,

commitments, claims, and liabilities of any and every kind, whether known or

unknown, accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise.

"Lien" means any lien, charge, covenant, condition, easement,

adverse claim, demand, encumbrance, security interest, option, pledge, or any

other title defect or restriction of any kind.

"Losses" is defined in Section 8.2.

"Noncompetition Period" is defined in Section 7.6.

"Open Orders" is defined in Subsection 1.2(h).

"Operating Leases" is defined in Subsection 1.2(e)

"Payables" is defined in Subsection 2.1(a).

"Permitted Liens" means:

(a) Undetermined or inchoate liens, privileges
and charges arising or potentially arising under statutory provisions
which have not at the time been filed or registered in accordance with
applicable law and of which written notice has not been duly given in
accordance with applicable law;

(b) Security given to public utilities or to any
municipalities or governmental or other public authorities when
required by the utility, municipality, governmental or other public
authority in connection with the supply of services or utilities to
Seller;

(c) Liens or deposits in connection with bids,
tenders and contracts of Seller or to secure workers' compensation,
unemployment insurance or other similar statutory assessments; or

(d) Security interests in favor of lessors of
equipment leased by Seller, where the related leases are assumed by
Buyer.

"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership,

association or any other entity or organization.

"Product Value" is defined in Section 7.1.

"Purchased Assets" is defined in Section 1.2.

"Purchase Schedules" is defined in Section 3.3.

"Real Property Leases" is defined in Subsection 1.2(f).

"Receivables" is defined in Section 1.2(a).

-40-
<PAGE> 42
"Regulation S-X Financial Statements" is defined in Section

6.2(c).

"Related Corporations" is defined in Section 7.6.

"Release" means any direct or indirect spilling, pumping,

pouring, emitting, emptying, placing, discharging, injecting, escaping,

leaking, dumping, or disposing on or into any building or facility or the

environment whether intentional or unintentional.

"Repurchase Amount" is defined in Section 7.11.

"Retained Assets" is defined in Section 1.4.

"Revised Estimated Purchase Price" is defined in Section 3.6.

"Seller" means Westburne Industrial Enterprises Ltd., a 
Canadian corporation.

"Vendor Agreements" is defined in Subsection 1.2(d).

"Vendor" is defined in Subsection 1.2(d).

9.2 NOTICES. All notices shall be in writing and shall be

delivered by hand, sent by facsimile copy ("fax"), or mailed by overnight mail

(or courier) or certified mail (return receipt requested), addressed as

follows:

(a) If to Buyer, to:

Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc.
4800 East 131st Street
Cleveland, Ohio 44105
Attn: Chairman of the Board

With a copy to:

William A. Papenbrock, Esq.
Calfee, Halter & Griswold
800 Superior Avenue, Suite 1800
Cleveland, Ohio 44114-2688

(b) If to the Seller, to:

Westburne Industrial Enterprises Ltd.
6333 Decarie Blvd.
Montreal, Quebec
Canada H3W 3E1
Attention: Secretary

-41-
<PAGE> 43
or to such other address as may be designated in a notice delivered pursuant

hereto. Notices sent by fax, overnight mail or certified mail shall be deemed

to have been given upon receipt thereof by the party to whom they are sent,

which receipt shall be confirmed promptly, either verbally or in writing.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, notices delivered by hand shall

be deemed to have been given when delivered to the appropriate address set

forth above.

9.3 BINDING EFFECT. Except as may be otherwise provided

herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the

parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as

otherwise provided in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is intended or

shall be construed to confer on any Person other than the parties hereto any

rights or benefits hereunder.

9.4 HEADINGS. The headings in this Agreement are intended

solely for convenience of reference and shall be given no effect in the

construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

9.5 EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES. The Exhibits and Schedules

referred to in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a part of this Agreement.

9.6 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in multiple

counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which

together shall constitute one and the same document.

9.7 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and

construed under Ontario law, without regard to or for the conflict of laws

principles thereof.

9.8 WAIVERS. Compliance with the provisions of this

Agreement may be waived only be a written instrument specifically referring to

this Agreement and signed by the party waiving compliance. No course of

dealing, nor any failure or delay in exercising any right, shall be construed

as a waiver. In

-42-
<PAGE> 44
addition, no single or partial exercise of a right shall preclude any other or

further exercise of that or any other right.

9.9 PRONOUNS. The use of a particular pronoun herein shall

not be restrictive as to gender or number but shall be interpreted in all cases

as the context may require.

9.10 TIME PERIODS. Any action required hereunder to be taken

within a certain number of days shall be taken within that number of calendar

days; provided, however, that if the last day for taking such action falls on a

weekend or a holiday, the period during which such action may be taken shall be

automatically extended to the next business day.

9.11 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement and the agreements and

documents referred to in this Agreement or delivered hereunder are the

exclusive statement of the agreement among the parties concerning the subject

matter hereof. The Letter of Intent and all negotiations among the parties are

merged into this Agreement, and there are no representations, warranties,

covenants, understandings, or agreements, oral or otherwise, in relation

thereto among the parties other than those incorporated herein and to be

delivered hereunder.

9.12 MODIFICATION. No supplement, modification or amendment

of this Agreement shall be binding unless made in a written instrument which is

signed by all of the parties and which specifically refers to this Agreement.

9.13 NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. Nothing expressed or

implied in the Agreement is intended or shall be construed so as to confer upon

any person other than the parties hereto any rights or privileges hereunder.

9.14 CANADIAN DOLLARS. Except for Section 7.16, all

references in this Agreement to dollars or dollar amounts shall be deemed to be

references to Canadian dollars and amounts.

9.15 TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT. This Agreement may be

terminated prior to the Closing as follows:

-43-
<PAGE> 45
(a) at the election of the Seller, with recourse
to the Buyer for reimbursement of all of Seller's reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses (except any fee of CIBC referred to in Section
4.16), if any one or more of the conditions in Section 6.2(b) has not
been fulfilled as of the Closing Date, or shall have become incapable
of fulfillment prior to such time, or if the Buyer has breached any
covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement;

(b) at the election of the Buyer, with recourse
to the Seller for reimbursement of all of Buyer's reasonable out-
of-pocket expenses, if any one or more of the conditions in Sections
6.2(a), (c) or (f) has not been fulfilled as of the Closing Date, or
shall have become incapable of fulfillment prior to such time, or if
the Seller has breached any covenant or an agreement contained in this
Agreement;

(c) at the election of the Seller or the Buyer,
if the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder are
enjoined by a final order of either a United States or Canadian court
of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal may be taken;

(d) at the election of either the Buyer or the
Seller if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to June 30, 1994,
unless inconsistent with a prior agreement under Section 6.1;

(e) at any time on or prior to the Closing Date,
by mutual written consent of the Seller and the Buyer; or

(f) at the election of either Seller or Buyer, if
any one or more of the conditions in Sections 6.2(d), (e) or (g) has
not been fulfilled as of the Closing Date.

INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND, the parties have signed this

Agreement as of the date first above written.

WESTBURNE INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISES LTD.

By: /s/ J.A. Merria
_________________________________

Title: Sr. VP Fin & Admin & CFO
______________________________

PIONEER-STANDARD ELECTRONICS, INC.

By: /s/
________________________________

Title: Chairman of the Board

21\15154AAS.343

-44-
<PAGE> 46

SCHEDULES

Schedule 1.2(a) Receivables
Schedule 1.2(b) Inventory
Schedule 1.2(c) Fixed Assets
Schedule 1.2(d) Vendor Agreements
Schedule 1.2(e) Operating Leases
Schedule 1.2(f) Equipment Leases and Real Property Leases
Schedule 1.2(h) Open Orders
Schedule 2.1(a) Payables
Schedule 2.1(f) Accrued Vacation Pay (to be provided at a 
later date
Schedule 2.1(g) Accrued Pay (to be provided at a later date)
Schedule 4.1 Organization and Power
Schedule 4.3 Consents
Schedule 4.4 Conflicts
Schedule 4.5 Product Warranty
Schedule 4.7(a) Full-Time Employees
Schedule 4.7(b) Employees on Leave
Schedule 4.10(a) Prepayments and Deposits Received by Seller
Schedule 4.10(b) Prepayments and Deposits Made by Seller
Schedule 4.11 Title
Schedule 4.15 Financial Statements
Schedule 4.19 Insurance
Schedule 6.2(a)(ii) Certain Consents
Schedule 7.6 Certain Vendors of Electronic Components and 
Electronic Computer System Products or Product 
Lines

070\15154SCH.001
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>