<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950112-94-000004.txt : 19940112
<IMS-HEADER>0000950112-94-000004.hdr.sgml : 19940112
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950112-94-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931223
ITEM INFORMATION:		2
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PETROLEUM HEAT & POWER CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000736768
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5900
		IRS NUMBER:				061183025
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09358
		FILM NUMBER:		94500333

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2187 ATLANTIC ST
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033255400
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC - FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
=============================================================================

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 23, 1993

PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Minnesota 2-88526 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File No.)

Clearwater House
2187 Atlantic Street
Stamford, Connecticut 06902
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (203) 325-5400

=============================================================================

<PAGE>

Item 1. Change in Control of Registrant.
None

Item 2. Acquisition Or Disposition of Assets.

On December 23, 1993, Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc.
(the "Company") invested $16 million in Star Gas Corporation
("Star Gas"), a Delaware corporation engaged in the retail
distribution of propane. Star Gas is the tenth largest retail
distributor of propane in the United States with operations in
the Midwest, Southeast and Northeast, selling approximately 100
million gallons of retail propane annually.

The Company's investment was part of an overall
restructuring of the debt and equity of Star Gas, whereby
approximately $27 million of new cash equity was invested into
Star Gas by the Company, Star Gas Holdings, Inc. ("Holdings") and
First Reserve Secured Energy Assets Fund, L.P., American Gas &
Oil Investors, AmGo II, AmGo III and FRC Star Gas, Inc. (the
"Other Investors") pursuant to a Purchase Agreement dated as of
December 21, 1993. The Company's investment of $16 million, $2
million of which was invested through Holdings, is in the form of
Series A 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock of Star Gas,
which stock is convertible into approximately 29.5% of Star Gas'
equity as of the closing (which percentage is expected to
increase to approximately 36.7% without any further investment by
the Company, after completion of the reorganization of Star Gas
over the next two years). The Company's $16 million investment
was funded with working capital of the Company.

Star Gas has granted to the Company an option to purchase an
additional 10% of Star Gas' equity for cash. Further, the Other
Investors and The Prudential Insurance Company of America
("Prudential"), an additional investor in Star Gas, have granted
to the Company the right to purchase, for either cash or the
Company's common stock, at the Company's discretion, Star Gas'
remaining equity held by them, which option is exercisable for
the period beginning on the date on which Star Gas' audited
financial statements for the fiscal year ending September 30,
1994 are first delivered to the Company and ending December 31,
1998. In addition, the Other Investors and Prudential each have
an option to require the Company to purchase all of the Star Gas
equity held by them, which option is exercisable beginning
January 1, 1999 (or upon a change of control of the Company).

The Company has entered into a Shareholders' Agreement with
the Other Investors and Prudential, which provides that the
Company is entitled to nominate for election up to three persons
to serve as a director of Star Gas, Holdings is entitled to
nominate up to two persons, and the Other Investors (as a group)
and Prudential together are entitled to nominate for election up
to a total of three persons. Further, the parties to the

<PAGE>

Shareholders' Agreement have agreed to fill any vacancy on the
Board of Directors of Star Gas by the election of a person
designated by the shareholders of the category of shareholders
entitled to fill such vacancy.

The Company will manage Star Gas' business under a
Management Services Agreement which provides for an annual fee of
$500,000 and an annual bonus payable in Star Gas common stock
equal to 5% of the increase in Star Gas' net income before
interest, taxes and annual depreciation and amortization
("EBITDA"), over the year-end September 30, 1993. Star Gas also
shall reimburse the Company for its expenses and the cost of
certain Company personnel.

Item 3. Bankruptcy Or Receivership.
None

Item 4. Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant.

None

Item 5. Other Events.

None

Item 6. Resignation of Registrant's Directors. 

None

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a)-(b) It is impracticable for the Company at this time
to file the audited financial statements of Star Gas, as well as
the pro forma financial information required relative to the Star
Gas business. Such financial statements shall be provided to the
Securities and Exchange Commission as soon as they become
available, in any event no later than sixty days from the date
hereof.

(c) The following documents are filed herewith as exhibits:

(1) Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 1993,
among Star Gas Holdings, Inc., First Reserve
Secured Energy Assets Fund, L.P. American Gas &
Oil Investors, AmGo II, AmGo III, FRC Star Gas,
Inc., Star Gas and the Company.

(2) Option from Star Gas to the Company, dated as of
December 21, 1993.

-2-

<PAGE>

(3) Shareholder Put/Call Agreement, dated as of December
21, 1993, among the Company, the Other Investors and
Prudential.

(4) Shareholders' Agreement, dated as of December 21, 1993,
among the Company, the Other Investors and Prudential.

(5) Management Services Agreement, dated as of December 21,
1993, between the Company and Star Gas.

Item 8. Changes in Fiscal Year.
None

-3-

<PAGE>

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC.

/s/ Irik P. Sevin 
----------------------------------------
Name: Irik P. Sevin 
Title: President, Chairman of the
Board and Chief Financial and
Accounting Officer and Director
Date: January 4, 1994

-4-

<PAGE>

EXHIBITS

Exhibit No. Exhibit Page
----------- ------- ----

1. Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21,
1993, among Star Gas Holdings, Inc., First
Reserve Secured Energy Assets Fund, L.P.
American Gas & Oil Investors, AmGo II, AmGo
III, FRC Star Gas, Inc., Star Gas and the
Company.

2. Option from Star Gas to the Company, dated as
of December 21, 1993.

3. Shareholder Put/Call Agreement, dated as of
December 21, 1993, among the Company, the Other
Investors and Prudential.

4. Shareholders' Agreement, dated as of December 21,
1993, among the Company, the Other Investors and
Prudential.

5. Management Services Agreement, dated as of
December 21, 1993, between the Company and Star
Gas.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1

<PAGE>

PURCHASE AGREEMENT
------------------

AGREEMENT entered into this 21st day of December, 1993

among PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC., a Minnesota corporation

("Petro"), STAR GAS HOLDINGS, INC. ("Holdings"), a Delaware

corporation, FIRST RESERVE SECURED ENERGY ASSETS FUND, L.P.

("SEA"), AMERICAN GAS & OIL INVESTORS, AmGO II, AmGO III, FRC

STAR GAS, INC. and STAR GAS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation

(the "Company" or "Star Gas").

ARTICLE I

1.1. Purchase and Sale of Preferred Stock. Subject to
------------------------------------

the terms and conditions hereof and on the basis of the

representation and warranties hereinafter set forth, at the

Closing, the Company shall issue and sell to each of the

Investors, and each of the Investors agrees to purchase, shares

of Preferred Stock, in the aggregate principal amount, and of the

series, opposite the name of each Investor in Schedule 1 at a

price of $100 per share.

ARTICLE II

2.1. Definitions. For all purposes of this Agree-
-----------

ment, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the con-

text otherwise requires:

2

<PAGE>

"Affiliate" and "Associate" have the meanings pre-

scribed by Rule 12b-2 of the regulations promulgated pursuant to

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

"Balance Sheet" means the consolidated balance sheet of

the Company referred to in Section 3.6(ii) of this Agreement.

"Closing" means the closing referred to in Section 11.1

of this Agreement.

"Closing Date" means the date on which the Closing

occurs.

"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as

amended.

"Company Subsidiary" means any corporation (a) of which

the Company directly or indirectly owns or controls at the time

outstanding shares of stock which have in ordinary circumstances

(not dependent upon the happening of a contingency) voting power

to elect a majority of the board of directors of said corpora-

tion, or (b) of which shares of stock of the character described

in the foregoing clause (a) shall at the time be owned or con-

trolled directly or indirectly by the Company and one or more

Company Subsidiaries as defined in the foregoing clause (a) or

directly or indirectly by one or more such Company Subsidiaries.

"Disclosure Schedule" means the document delivered by

the Company to the Investors simultaneously with the execution

hereof containing the information required to be included therein

pursuant to this Agreement.

3

<PAGE>

"Existing Shareholders" means American Gas & Oil

Investors, SEA, FRC Star Gas, Inc., AmGO II and AmGO III.

"FTC" means the United States Federal Trade Commission.

"HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust

Improvements Act.

"Investor" means each of, and "Investors" means

collectively all of, Petro, Holdings, American Gas & Oil

Investors, SEA, AmGO II and AmGO III.

"Preferred Stock" means the Series A, Series B, Series

C, Series D and Series E 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred

Stock of the Company and the Series A and Series B 12.625%

Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of the Company as described

in the Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the

8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and the 12.625%

Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock of Star Gas Corporation

annexed as Schedule 2.1 ("Certificate of Designation").

"Prudential" means The Prudential Insurance Company of

America, a New Jersey mutual insurance corporation.

Certain terms used principally in Section 3.31 of this

Agreement are defined in that section. The plural of any defined

term shall have a meaning correlative to such defined term.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY
---------------------------------------------

The Company hereby represents and warrants to Investors

as follows:

4

<PAGE>

3.1. Corporate Organization; Etc. The Company is a
----------------------------

corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing

under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full corporate

power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being

conducted and to own the properties and assets it now owns; is

duly qualified or licensed to do business as a foreign corpora-

tion in good standing in the jurisdictions listed in Section 3.1

of the Disclosure Schedule, which are all the jurisdictions in

which ownership of property or the conduct of its business

requires such qualification except jurisdictions in which the

Company's failure to qualify to do business will not have a

material adverse effect on the business, prospects, operations,

properties, assets or condition (financial or otherwise) of the

Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole or, if the

Company is not so qualified in any such jurisdiction, and is not

required to qualify based upon ownership of property or the

conduct of its business but is required to qualify on a different

basis, it can become so qualified in such jurisdiction without

any material adverse effect (including assessment of state taxes

for prior years) upon its business and properties. The copies of

the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Company

heretofore delivered to Investors are complete and correct copies

of such instruments as presently in effect.

3.2. Capitalization of the Company. Prior to the
-----------------------------

effective date of this Agreement and the filing of a revised

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation for the

5

<PAGE>

Company, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of

20,000 shares of Common Stock, $1 par value per share, of which

251.31 shares are issued and outstanding and 15.12 shares are

held in the treasury of the Company, and 302,500 shares of

preferred stock, 2,500 shares of which have a par value of $.01

per share and 300,000 of which have no par value per share, of

which 48,000 shares have been designated Series A Preferred

Stock, of which 40,309.5 shares are issued and outstanding and

1,420 shares have been designated as 8% cumulative convertible

preferred stock all of which are issued and outstanding. All

issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are

validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. All of the shares

of 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock to be issued under

this Agreement have been duly authorized and when issued to the

Investors in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be

duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Except

as contemplated by this Agreement and except for the Company's 8%

Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock to be issued to Prudential

in connection with a capital restructuring, there are no

outstanding (a) securities convertible into or exchangeable for

the Company capital stock; (b) options, warrants or other rights

to purchase or subscribe for capital stock of the Company or

securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock of

the Company; or (c) contracts, commitments, agreements, under-

standings or arrangements of any kind to which the Company and

any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or any

6

<PAGE>

Company Subsidiary is bound relating to the issuance of any

capital stock of the Company, any such convertible or ex-

changeable securities or any such options, warrants or rights.

3.3. Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Section 3.3(a) of
----------------------------

the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the name, jurisdiction of in-

corporation and capitalization of each Company Subsidiary and the

jurisdictions in which each Company Subsidiary is qualified to do

business. Except as disclosed in Section 3.3(b) of the Disclo-

sure Schedule, the Company does not own, directly or indirectly,

any capital stock or other equity securities of any corporation

or have any direct or indirect equity or ownership interest in

any business not listed in Section 3.3(a) of the Disclosure

Schedule. Except as and to the extent set forth in Section

3.3(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, all the outstanding capital

stock of each Company Subsidiary is owned directly or indirectly

by the Company free and clear of all liens, options or encum-

brances of any kind and all material claims or charges of any

kind, and is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and

there are no outstanding options, rights or agreements of any

kind relating to the issuance, sale or transfer of any capital

stock or other equity securities of any such Company Subsidiary

to any person except the Company. Each Company Subsidiary (i) is

a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good stand-

ing under the laws of its state of incorporation; (ii) has full

corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is

now being conducted and to own the properties and assets it now

7

<PAGE>

owns; and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a

foreign corporation in good standing in each jurisdiction listed

immediately below the name of such Company Subsidiary in Section

3.3(c) of the Disclosure Schedule which is every jurisdiction in

which ownership of property or the conduct of its business

requires such qualification except jurisdictions in which such

Company Subsidiary's failure to qualify will not have a material

adverse effect on the business, prospects, operations,

properties, assets, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the

Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or, if a

Company Subsidiary is not so qualified in any such jurisdiction,

and is not required to qualify based upon ownership of property

or the conduct of its business, but is required to qualify on a

different basis, it can become so qualified in such jurisdiction

without any material adverse effect (including assessment of

state taxes for prior years) upon its business and properties.

The Company has heretofore delivered to Investors complete and

correct copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of

each Company Subsidiary, as presently in effect.

3.4. Authorization, Etc. The Company has full
-------------------

corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to

carry out the transactions contemplated hereby. The Board of

Directors and stockholders of the Company have taken all action

required by law, the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, its

By-Laws or otherwise to be taken by them to authorize the

execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of

8

<PAGE>

the transactions contemplated hereby, and this Agreement is a

valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable in

accordance with its terms, except that (i) such enforcement may

be subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium

or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to

creditors' rights, and (ii) the remedy of specific performance

and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject

to equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before

which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

3.5. No Violation. Neither the execution and delivery
------------

of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions

contemplated hereby will violate any provision of the Certificate

of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or any Company

Subsidiary, or, except as specified in Section 3.5 of the

Disclosure Schedule, violate, or be in conflict with, or consti-

tute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time

or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the

termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, or

cause the acceleration of the maturity of any debt or obligation

pursuant to, or result in the creation or imposition of any

security interest, lien or other encumbrance upon any property or

assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary under, any agree-

ment or commitment to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary

is a party or by which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is

bound, or to which the property of the Company or any Company

Subsidiary is subject, or violate any statute or law or any judg-

9

<PAGE>

ment, decree, order, regulation or rule of any court or govern-

mental authority, which violations, conflicts, defaults,

terminations, accelerations, security interests, encumbrances,

liens and violations would individually or in the aggregate

materially and adversely affect the business of the Company and

the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

3.6. Financial Statements. The Company has heretofore
--------------------

delivered to Investors true, complete and accurate copies of the

following: (i) a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and

the Company Subsidiaries as at September 30 in each of the years

1987 through 1992; and consolidated statements of operations,

stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years then

ended, all certified by Ernst & Young, independent certified

public accountants, or by another nationally recognized firm of

independent certified public accountants, whose reports thereon

are included therein; and (ii) an unaudited consolidated balance

sheet of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as at September

30, 1993, and unaudited consolidated statements of operations,

stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year then ended.

Such consolidated balance sheets and, where applicable, the notes

thereto fairly present in all material respects the consolidated

assets, liabilities and financial condition of the Company and

the Company Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof, and

such consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and

cash flows and the notes thereto fairly present in all material

respects the consolidated results of operations of the Company

10

<PAGE>

and the Company Subsidiaries for the periods therein referred to;

all in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles

consistently applied throughout the periods involved.

3.7. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Etc. Except as
-----------------------------------

disclosed in Section 3.7 of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the

Company nor any Company Subsidiary has any material liabilities

or obligations of any nature (absolute, accrued, contingent or

otherwise) which are required to be disclosed in its financial

statements and the notes thereto in accordance with generally

accepted accounting principles which were not fully reflected or

reserved against in the Balance Sheet or disclosed in the notes

thereto, except for such liabilities and obligations incurred in

the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice

since the date thereof. An undisclosed liability or obligation

will not be considered material if it was unknown to the Company

or Company Subsidiaries on the date hereof and both (i) it is

less than $100,000 (provided that all such undisclosed

liabilities do not exceed $300,000 in the aggregate) and (ii)

does not have a material adverse effect on the business,

prospects, operations, properties, assets or condition (financial

or otherwise) of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken

as a whole.

3.8. Accounts Receivable. All accounts receivable of
-------------------

the Company and each Company Subsidiary, whether reflected in the

Balance Sheet or arising after September 30, 1993, represent

sales actually made in the ordinary course of business, and the

11

<PAGE>

reserves shown on the Balance Sheet or established thereafter

were calculated in a manner consistent with past practice.

3.9. Inventory. The quantities of all inventory of the
---------

Company and each Company Subsidiary are reasonable in the present

circumstances of their respective businesses.

3.10. Absence of Certain Changes. Except as and to
--------------------------

the extent set forth in Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Schedule

and costs associated with the execution of this Agreement and the

consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, since the

date of the Balance Sheet, neither the Company nor any Company

Subsidiary has:

(a) Suffered any material adverse change in its

working capital, financial condition, assets, reserves, business,

operations or prospects, except such adverse changes as would not

have a material adverse effect on the Company and the Company

Subsidiaries taken as a whole and except for changes related to

warm weather and seasonality which have affected the industry as

a whole or, for the period between the date hereof and the

Closing, any matters which affect the industry as a whole;

(b) Incurred any obligations (absolute, accrued,

contingent or otherwise) except items incurred in the ordinary

course of business and consistent with past practice;

(c) Paid, discharged or satisfied any claim,

liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, contingent or

otherwise) other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction in

the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice

12

<PAGE>

of liabilities and obligations reflected or reserved against in

the Balance Sheet or incurred in the ordinary course of business

and consistent with past practice since the date of the Balance

Sheet;

(d) Without the consent of Petro, written down

the value of any inventory (including write-downs by reason of

shrinkage or mark-down) or written off as uncollectible any notes

or accounts receivable, except for immaterial write-downs and

write-offs in the ordinary course of business and consistent with

past practice;

(e) Canceled any debts or waived any claims or

rights of substantial value;

(f) Sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of

any of its properties or assets (real, personal or mixed, tang-

ible or intangible), except in the ordinary course of business

and consistent with past practice;

(g) Granted any general increase in the com-

pensation of officers or employees (including any such increase

pursuant to any bonus, pension, profit sharing or other plan or

commitment) and no such increase is customary on a periodic basis

or required by agreement or understanding;

(h) Made any single capital expenditure or

commitment in excess of $100,000 for additions to property,

plant, equipment or intangible capital assets or made aggregate

capital expenditures and commitments in excess of $500,000 (on a

consolidated basis) for additions to property, plant, equipment

13

<PAGE>

or intangible capital assets and which is not consistent with

past practices;

(i) Declared, paid or set aside for payment any

dividend or other distribution in respect of its capital stock,

except in either case by a Company Subsidiary to another Company

Subsidiary or to the Company or redeemed, purchased or otherwise

acquired, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock or

other securities of the Company;

(j) Made any material change in any method of ac-

counting or accounting practice;

(k) Paid, loaned or advanced any amount to, or

sold, transferred or leased any properties or assets (real,

personal or mixed, tangible or intangible) to, or entered into

any agreement or arrangement with, any of its officers or direc-

tors or any affiliate or associate of any of its officers or

directors except for directors' fees; or

(l) Agreed, whether in writing or otherwise, to

take any action described in this Section.

3.11. Title to Properties; Encumbrances. Subject
----------------------------------

to matters set forth on Schedule 3.11(a), each of the Company and

the Company Subsidiaries has good, valid and marketable title to

all the properties and assets reflected in the Balance Sheet

(except (i) for its wholly owned subsidiary Federal Petroleum

Company which the Company has sold and (ii) such assets and

property as have been sold since the date of the Balance Sheet in

the ordinary course of business and consistent with past

14

<PAGE>

practice), and all the properties and assets purchased by the

Company and Company Subsidiaries since the date of the Balance

Sheet, which subsequently acquired properties and assets (other

than inventory), all of which have been acquired in the ordinary

course of business. Except as disclosed in Section 3.11(b) of

the Disclosure Schedule, all properties and assets reflected in

the Balance Sheet or acquired thereafter are free and clear of

all title defects or objections, liens, claims, charges, security

interests or other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever includ-

ing, without limitation leases, chattel mortgages, conditional

sales contracts, collateral security arrangements and other title

or interest retention arrangements, and are not, in the case of

real property, subject to any rights of way, building use

restrictions, exceptions, variances, reservations or limitations

of any nature whatsoever except, with respect to all such proper-

ties and assets, (a) liens shown on the Balance Sheet as securing

specified liabilities or obligations and liens incurred in con-

nection with the purchase of property and/or assets, if such

purchase was effected after the date of the Balance Sheet, with

respect to which no default exists; (b) minor imperfections of

title, if any, none of which impair the use of the property

subject thereto, or impair the operations of the Company or any

Company Subsidiary since the date of the Balance Sheet; and (c)

liens for current taxes not yet due. The rights, properties and

other assets presently owned, leased or licensed by the Company

and the Company Subsidiaries and described elsewhere in this

15

<PAGE>

Agreement include all rights, properties and other assets

necessary to permit the Company and the Company Subsidiaries to

conduct their businesses in all material respects in the same

manner as their businesses are being conducted prior to the date

hereof.

3.12. Plant and Equipment. Except as disclosed in
-------------------

Section 3.12 of the Disclosure Schedule, to the Company's

knowledge, none of such plants, structures or equipment are in

need of maintenance or repairs except for ordinary, routine

maintenance and repairs which are not material in nature or cost

and except for capital improvements consistent with past

experience. 

3.13. Patents, Trademarks, Trade Names, Etc.
--------------------------------------------

Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary owns, or is

licensed to use any patents, copyrights, technology, know-how or

processes. Except as disclosed in Section 3.13 of the Disclosure

Schedule, the Company and each Company Subsidiary owns or has the

unrestricted right to use all trademarks and trade names used in

or necessary for the conduct of its business as presently

conducted without payment of any kind. Section 3.13 of the

Disclosure Schedule contains an accurate and complete description

of all trademarks and trade names used or proposed to be used by

the Company or any Company Subsidiary and all pending

applications therefor. Except as set forth in Section 3.13 of

the Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each Company Subsidiary

has the sole and exclusive right to use the trademarks and trade

16

<PAGE>

names referred to in the Disclosure Schedule, and the

consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not

alter or impair any such rights; no claims have been asserted by

any person to the use of any such trademarks or trade names and

the Company does not know of any valid basis for any such claim;

and the use of such trademarks and trade names by the Company or

any Company Subsidiary does not infringe on the rights of any

person.

3.14. Leases. Section 3.14 of the Disclosure
------

Schedule contains an accurate and complete description of all

leases or forms of leases pursuant to which the Company or any

Company Subsidiary leases real or personal property and accurate

copies of such leases and forms of leases have been delivered, or

have been made available, to Investors. Except as set forth in

Section 3.14 of the Disclosure Schedule (i) all such leases are

valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms,

and are in full force and effect subject to limitations imposed

by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other

similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights

generally, (ii) there are no existing defaults by the Company or

any Company Subsidiary thereunder or to the knowledge of the

Company by any other party, and (iii) no known event of default

has occurred which (whether with or without notice, lapse of time

or the happening or occurrence of any other event) would consti-

tute a default thereunder except in the case of clauses (i), (ii)

and (iii) where such invalidity, defaults or events of default

17

<PAGE>

would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material

adverse effect on the business, prospects, operations,

properties, assets or condition (financial or otherwise) of the

Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Executed

counterpart copies of all consents referred to in the preceding

sentence have been delivered to Investors. 

3.15. Intentionally Deleted. 
----------------------

3.16. Taxes. Each of the Company and the Company
-----

Subsidiaries has duly filed all material tax reports and returns

required to be filed by it and has duly paid (or has adequate

reserves for) all material taxes and other charges due or claimed

to be due from it by federal, state, local or foreign taxing

authorities (including, without limitation, those due in respect

of the properties, income, franchises, licenses, sales or

payrolls of any of them); the reserves for taxes reflected in the

Balance Sheet are adequate; and there are no material tax liens

upon any property or assets of the Company or any Company

Subsidiary except liens for current taxes not yet due. The

federal income tax returns of the Company and each Company

Subsidiary have been examined by the Internal Revenue Service for

those periods set forth in Section 3.16(a) of the Disclosure

Schedule; and, except to the extent shown therein, all deficien-

cies asserted as a result of such examinations have been paid or

finally settled and no issue has been raised by the Internal

Revenue Service in any such examination which, by application of

the same or similar principles, reasonably could be expected to

18

<PAGE>

result in a proposed deficiency for any other period not so ex-

amined. Except to the extent set forth in Section 3.16(b) of the

Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding agreements or

waivers extending the statutory period of limitation applicable

to any federal income tax return for any period. Copies of all

federal income tax returns for the Company and the Company

Subsidiaries in respect of all years not barred by the statute of

limitations have heretofore been delivered by the Company to

Investors and all such returns are listed in Section 3.16(b) of

the Disclosure Schedule. Neither the Company nor any Company

Subsidiary has, with regard to any assets or property held,

acquired or to be acquired by any of them, filed a consent to the

application of Section 341(f)(2) of the Code.

3.17. Contracts and Commitments. Except as set
--------------------------

forth in Section 3.17 of the Disclosure Schedule:

(a) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsid-

iary has any agreements, contracts, commitments or restrictions

which are material to the business, operations or prospects of

the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole or

which require the making of any charitable contribution;

(b) No purchase contract or commitment of the

Company or any Company Subsidiary continues for a period of more

than 12 months or is in excess of the normal, ordinary and usual

requirements of business or contains commercially unreasonable

terms;

19

<PAGE>

(c) There are no outstanding sales contracts,

commitments or proposals of the Company or any Company Subsidiary

which continue beyond July 31, 1994; 

(d) There are no propane purchase agreements of

the Company;

(e) Neither the Company nor any Company

Subsidiary has any outstanding contracts with officers,

employees, agents, consultants, advisors, salesmen, sales

representatives, distributors or dealers that are not cancelable

by it on notice of not longer than 30 days and without liability,

penalty or premium or any agreement or arrangement providing for

the payment of any bonus or commission based on sales or

earnings;

(f) Neither the Company nor any Company Sub-

sidiary has any employment agreement, or any other agreement that

contains any severance or termination pay liabilities or obliga-

tions;

(g) Neither the Company nor any Company Sub-

sidiary has any collective bargaining or union contracts or

agreements;

(h) Neither the Company nor any Company Sub-

sidiary has any employee to whom it is paying compensation at the

annual rate of more than $100,000 for services rendered;

(i) Neither the Company nor any Company

Subsidiary is restricted by agreement from carrying on its

business as presently conducted anywhere in the world;

20

<PAGE>

(j) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidi-

ary has any debt obligation for borrowed money, including

guarantees of or agreements to acquire any such debt obligation

of others;

(k) Neither the Company nor any Company Sub-

sidiary has any outstanding loan for borrowed money to any person

other than to the Company or a wholly-owned subsidiary of the

Company; and

(l) Neither the Company nor any Company Sub-

sidiary has any power of attorney outstanding or any obligations

or liabilities (whether absolute, accrued or contingent), as

guarantor, surety, co-signer, endorser, co-maker, or indemnitor

in respect of the obligation of any person, corporation,

partnership, joint venture, association, organization or other

entity.

3.18. Suppliers. Section 3.18 of the Disclosure
---------

Schedule sets forth the ten largest suppliers of the Company and

the Company Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) of propane in

terms of purchases during the twelve months ended September 30,

1993, showing the approximate total purchases by the Company and

the Company Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) from each such

supplier during such nine month period and the items purchased.

Except to the extent set forth in Section 3.18 of the Disclosure

Schedule, no such supplier has advised the Company or any Company

Subsidiary of its intention to refuse to do business with the

Company, and the Company does not presently intend to terminate

21

<PAGE>

or modify any such relationship. Except for the suppliers named

in Sections 3.18 of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company

nor any Company Subsidiary (a) had any supplier from which it

purchased more than 5% of the goods or services which it

purchased during the twelve months ended September 30, 1993 or

(b) has any supplier the loss of which would materially and

adversely affect the business of the Company and the Company

Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

3.19. Customers. Section 3.19 of the Disclosure
---------

Schedule sets forth each retail customer of the Company which

accounted for more than $200,000 and each wholesale customer

which accounted for more than $500,000, of the sales of the

Company and the Company Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis

during the twelve months ended September 30, 1993 and the items

purchased. Except to the extent set forth in Section 3.19 of the

Disclosure Schedule, no customer set forth in Section 3.19 of the

Disclosure Schedule has advised the Company of its intention to

terminate or materially modify its normal business relationship

with the Company or any Company Subsidiary and neither the

Company nor any Company Subsidiary presently intends to terminate

or so modify any such relationship.

3.20. Operating Data. The area operating data,
--------------

schedule of writedowns and the listing of vehicles, tanks at

customers, tanks in the yard and bulk storage tanks set forth in

Section 3.20 of the Disclosure Schedule are substantially

accurate in all material respects.

22

<PAGE>

3.21. Agreements in Full Force and Effect. All
--------------------------------------

contracts, agreements, plans, policies and licenses referred to

in the Disclosure Schedule are valid and in full force and effect

subject to limitations imposed by bankruptcy, insolvency,

reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the

enforcement of creditors' rights generally, and true copies

thereof have been heretofore made available to Investors except,

in each case, where the invalidity of one or more of such

documents would not individually or in the aggregate materially

and adversely affect the business of the Company and the Company

Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Except as set forth in Section

3.21 of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any

Company Subsidiary is in material default under or in material

violation of, or knows of any valid basis for any claim of

material default under or material violation of, any contract,

commitment or restriction to which it is a party or by which it

is bound, except for such violations or defaults which would not,

individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect

on the business, prospects, operations, properties, assets or

condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Company

Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

3.22. Insurance. Section 3.22(a) of the Disclosure
---------

Schedule contains a fair summary of all material policies of

fire, liability, workmen's compensation and other forms of

insurance owned or held by the Company and each Company

Subsidiary. All such policies are in full force and effect, all

23

<PAGE>

premiums with respect thereto covering all periods up to and

including the Closing Date have been paid when due, and no notice

of cancellation or termination has been received with respect to

any such policy. Such policies are sufficient for compliance

with all requirements of law and of all agreements to which the

Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party; are valid,

outstanding and enforceable policies subject to limitations

imposed by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and

other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights

generally; provide adequate insurance coverage for the assets and

operations of the Company and each Company Subsidiary in

accordance with prevailing industry standards; will remain in

full force and effect through the respective dates set forth in

Section 3.22(a) of the Disclosure Schedule; and will not in any

way be affected by, or terminate or lapse by reason of, the

transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Section 3.22(b) of

the Disclosure Schedule identifies all risks which the Company

has designated as being self insured. Neither the Company nor

any Company Subsidiary has been refused any insurance with

respect to its assets or operations, nor has its coverage been

limited, by any insurance carrier to which it has applied for any

such insurance or with which it has carried insurance during the

last five years.

3.23. Labor Matters. Except to the extent set
--------------

forth in Section 3.23 of the Disclosure Schedule, to the

knowledge of the Company (a) the Company and all Company

24

<PAGE>

Subsidiaries are in material compliance with all applicable laws

respecting employment and employment practices, terms and

conditions of employment and wages and hours, and are not engaged

in any unfair labor practice; (b) there is no unfair labor

practice complaint against the Company or any Company Subsidiary

pending before the National Labor Relations Board; (c) there is

no labor strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage actually pending

or threatened against or affecting the Company or any Company

Subsidiary; (d) no representation question exists respecting the

employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (e) no

grievance nor any arbitration proceeding arising out of or under

collective bargaining agreements other than in the ordinary

course of business and consistent with past practice is pending

and no claim therefor exists; (f) no collective bargaining

agreement which is binding on the Company or any Company

Subsidiary restricts any of them from relocating or closing any

of their operations; and (g) neither the Company nor any Company

Subsidiary has experienced any labor strike, dispute, slow down

or stoppage.

3.24. Fringe Benefit Plans. Except as set forth in
--------------------

Section 3.24 of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor

any Company Subsidiary has any bonus, deferred compensation,

pension, profit-sharing, retirement, stock purchase, stock option

or any other fringe benefit plan, arrangement or practice,

whether formal or informal. Section 3.24 of the Disclosure Sche-

dule sets forth the annual expense for each bonus, deferred

25

<PAGE>

compensation, pension, profit-sharing or retirement plan or

arrangement, and each other fringe benefit plan, of the Company

and each Company Subsidiary, whether formal or informal and the

Balance Sheet reflects in the aggregate an accrual of all amounts

accrued but unpaid under the aforesaid plans and arrangements as

of its date. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has

any commitment, whether formal or informal and whether legally

binding or not, to create any such additional plan or

arrangement. True copies of the plan documents for each employee

benefit plan identified in Section 3.24 of the Disclosure

Schedule and a related summary plan description have been

delivered or made available to the Investors.

3.25. Litigation. Except as set forth in Section
----------

3.25 of the Disclosure Schedule and other than routine claims

against the Company covered by insurance or routine claims by the

Company against customers for nonpayment, there is no action,

suit, inquiry, proceeding or investigation by or before any court

or governmental or any regulatory or administrative agency or

commission (other than regulatory matters affecting the industry

generally in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary has not

been identified as a target or in connection with which the

Company or any Company Subsidiary has not filed any documents) to

the knowledge of the Company or any Company Subsidiary pending or

threatened against or involving the Company or any Company

Subsidiary for which the Company or any Company Subsidiary may be

liable, or which questions or challenges the validity of this

26

<PAGE>

Agreement or any action taken or to be taken by the Company or

any Company Subsidiary pursuant to this Agreement or in connec-

tion with the transactions contemplated hereby; nor is there and

the Company or any Company Subsidiary does not know of any valid

basis for any such action, proceeding or investigation, except

where any such action, proceeding, or investigation would not

have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects,

operations, properties, assets or condition (financial or other-

wise) of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a

whole. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is

subject to any judgment, order or decree entered in any lawsuit

or proceeding which may have a material adverse effect on its

business practices or on its ability to acquire any property or

conduct its business in any area.

3.26. No Condemnation or Expropriation. Neither
----------------------------------

the whole nor any portion of the leaseholds or any other assets

of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is subject to any

governmental decree or order to be sold or is being condemned,

expropriated or otherwise taken by any public authority with or

without payment of compensation therefor, nor, to the Company's

knowledge, has any such condemnation, expropriation or taking

been proposed by any public authority having jurisdiction over

the assets of the Company or such Company Subsidiary.

3.27. Consents and Approvals of Governmental
---------------------------------------------

Authorities. Aside from compliance with the HSR Act which has
-----------

already been accomplished, no consent, approval or authorization

27

<PAGE>

of, or declaration, filing or registration with, any governmental

or regulatory authority is required in connection with the

Company's execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement

or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

3.28. Consents. Except as set forth in Section 3.5
--------

of the Disclosure Schedule, no consent of any person is necessary

to the consummation by the Company of the transactions

contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, consents from

parties to loans, contracts, leases or other agreements and

consents from governmental agencies, whether federal, state or

local, except where failure to obtain such consent would not have

a material adverse effect on the business, operations or

prospects of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a

whole.

3.29. Compliance with Law. Except with respect to
--------------------

matters covered by Section 3.30 or as disclosed in Section 3.29

of the Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of the Company, the

operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have been

conducted in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and

other requirements of all national governmental authorities, and

of all states, municipalities and other political subdivisions

and agencies thereof, having jurisdiction over the Company and

the Company Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, all such

laws, regulations and requirements relating to antitrust, con-

sumer protection, currency exchange, equal opportunity, health,

occupational safety, pension and securities matters, except where

28

<PAGE>

instances of noncompliance would not have, either individually or

in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the business,

prospects, operations, properties, assets or condition (financial

or otherwise) of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken

as a whole. Except with respect to matters covered by Section

3.30 or as set forth in Section 3.12 of the Disclosure Schedule,

since December 31, 1991 neither the Company nor any Company

Subsidiary has received (a) notification that it is in violation

of any applicable building, zoning, labor, health or other law,

ordinance or regulation in respect of its plants or structures or

their operations or (b) any written report from an employee or

independent consultant relating to the condition, or compliance

with laws, of its plants, structures or equipment or the

operations there conducted. 

3.30. Environmental Protection. Except as set
-------------------------

forth in Section 3.30 of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company and

the Company Subsidiaries have obtained all permits, licenses and

other authorizations which are required under federal, state and

local laws relating to the environment, including laws relating

to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of

pollutants, contaminants, or hazardous or toxic materials or

wastes into ambient air, surface water, ground water, or land, or

otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,

use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, or handling of

pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic materials or

wastes, except where failure to obtain such permit, licenses or

29

<PAGE>

authorizations would not, either individually or in the

aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the business,

prospects, operations, properties, assets or condition (financial

or otherwise) of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken

as a whole. Except as set forth in Section 3.30 of the

Disclosure Schedule, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are

in full compliance in all material respects with all terms and

conditions of the required permits, licenses and authorizations,

and are also in full compliance in all material respects with all

other applicable limitations, restrictions, conditions,

standards, prohibitions, requirements, obligations, schedules and

timetables contained in those laws or contained in any

regulation, code, plan, order, decree, judgment, notice or demand

letter issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder,

except where noncompliance would not, individually or in the

aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the business,

prospects, operations, properties, assets or condition (financial

or otherwise) of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken

as a whole. Except as set forth in Section 3.30 of the

Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not aware of, nor has the

Company nor any Company Subsidiary received notice of, any past

or present events, conditions, circumstances, activities,

practices, incidents, actions or plans ("Circumstances") which

the Company reasonably believes may interfere with or prevent

continued compliance, or which may give rise to any common law or

legal liability, or otherwise form the basis of any claim,

30

<PAGE>

action, suit, proceeding, hearing or investigation, which may

require remediation or which may expose the Company to any

material fine, penalty or damages based on or related to the

manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage,

disposal, transport, or handling, or the emission, discharge,

release or threatened release into the environment, of any

pollutant, contaminant, or hazardous or toxic material or waste,

except where any Circumstances, either individually or in the

aggregate, would not have a material adverse effect on the

business, prospects, operations, properties, assets or condition

(financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Company

Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

3.31. Compliance with ERISA. 
---------------------

(a) Prohibited Transactions. Neither the Company
-----------------------

nor any Company Subsidiary has engaged in a transaction in

connection with which the Company or any Company Subsidiary could

be subject to either a material civil penalty assessed pursuant

to Section 502(i) of ERISA or a material tax imposed by Section

4975 of the Code.

(b) Defined Benefit Plans. Except as set forth
---------------------

in Section 3.31(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the

Company nor any Company Subsidiary presently maintains, nor to

the knowledge of the Company has ever maintained, a defined

benefit pension plan.

(c) Material Liabilities. Except as and to the
--------------------

extent set forth in Section 3.31(b) of the Disclosure Schedule,

31

<PAGE>

no reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with

respect to an employee benefit plan covered by Title IV of ERISA

has occurred which would materially and adversely affect the

business, prospects, operations, properties or the condition,

financial or otherwise, of the Company or any Company

Subsidiaries. The representations in this section are made to

the best knowledge of the Company, although it has made no

independent inquiries insofar as they relate to any Multiemployer

Plan. 

(d) Compliance with Applicable Laws. To the
-------------------------------

knowledge of the Company, each Plan other than the Multiemployer

Plans is in material compliance with applicable federal laws,

including but not limited to ERISA. With respect to

Multiemployer Plans to which the Company or any Company Sub-

sidiary makes contributions, the Company has no knowledge of any

aspect of such Multiemployer Plans which is not in material

compliance with applicable federal laws.

(e) Definitions to Be Used in Conjunction with
---------------------------------------------

ERISA Representations, Warranties and Covenants. Whenever any of
-----------------------------------------------

the terms set forth below is used in this Agreement, it shall

have the following meaning: (i) "ERISA" shall mean the Employee

Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to

time; (ii) "Plan" shall mean an employee pension benefit plan

(within the meaning of Section 3 of ERISA) which is or has been

established or maintained, or to which contributions are or have

been made, by the Company or any Company Subsidiary; and (iii)

32

<PAGE>

"Multiemployer Plan" shall mean an employee pension plan meeting

the definition of that term contained in Section 3(37) of ERISA,

to which contributions are or have been made by the Company or

any Company Subsidiary.

3.32. Intentionally Deleted. 
---------------------

3.33. (a) Personnel. Section 3.33(a) of the
---------

Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of:

(i) the names and current salaries of all

directors and elected or appointed officers and executive

employees of each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries;

(ii) the wage rates for non-salaried and non-

executive salaried employees of each of the Company and the

Company Subsidiaries by classification, and all labor union con-

tracts; and

(iii) all group insurance programs in

effect for employees of each of the Company and the Company

Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is

in material default with respect to any of its obligations

referred to in the preceding sentence.

(b) Except as set forth in Section 3.33(b) of the

Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of the Company, no former

employee or owner of any business entity acquired by the Company

or Company Subsidiary is presently competing with the Company in

the same or a similar business in which such employee worked or

which was acquired from such owner, as the case may be, except

where such competition would not have a material adverse effect

33

<PAGE>

on the business of the Company or any Company Subsidiary in any

operating region. The operating regions are as set forth on

Schedule 3.33(b).

3.34. Insider Interests. Except as set forth in
-----------------

Section 3.34 of the Disclosure Schedule, to the knowledge of the

Company, no officer or director or shareholder of the Company or

any Company Subsidiary has any material interest in any property,

real or personal, tangible or intangible, including without

limitation, trademarks or trade names, used in or pertaining to

the business of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any

supplier or customer of the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

3.35. Intentionally Deleted.
---------------------

3.36. Disclosure. No representation or warranty by
----------

the Company in this Agreement (including, financial statements

and the Disclosure Schedule), contains or will contain any untrue

statement of material fact or omits or will omit to state any

material fact necessary, in light of the circumstances under

which it was made, in order to make the statements herein or

therein not misleading.

34

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTORS
-------------------------------------------

Each of the Investors represents and warrants to the

Company severally and not jointly as follows:

4.1. Corporate Organization; Etc. Such Investor, if a
---------------------------

corporation, is duly organized, validly existing and in good

standing under the laws of the State of its incorporation. 

4.2. Authorization; Etc. Such Investor has full
-------------------

corporate power and authority or in the case of an Investor which

is a partnership full authority under law, to enter into this

Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby.

The Boards of Directors of such corporate Investor has taken all

action required by law, its Certificate of Incorporation and By-

Laws and the general partner of each partnership Investor has

taken all action required by such partnership Investor's Articles

of Limited Partnership or otherwise to authorize the execution

and delivery of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated

hereby, and this Agreement is a valid and binding agreement of

such Investor enforceable in accordance with its terms except

that (i) such enforcement may be subject to bankruptcy,

insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now

or hereafter in effect relating to creditors' rights and (ii) the

remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of

equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the

discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may

be brought. 

35

<PAGE>

4.3. No Violation. Neither the execution and delivery
------------

of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions

contemplated hereby will violate any provision of the respective

Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of such corporate

Investor, or the Articles of Limited Partnership of any

partnership Investor, or violate, or be in conflict with, or

constitute a default under, or cause the acceleration of the

maturity of any debt or obligation pursuant to, any agreement or

commitment to which such Investor is a party or by which such

Investor is bound, or violate any statute or law or any judgment,

decree, order, regulation or rule of any court or governmental

authority or require the consent of any governmental authority

other than under the HSR Act, which violations, conflicts,

defaults, accelerations and violations would individually or in

the aggregate materially and adversely affect the business of the

Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

4.4. Financial Resources. Such Investor has the
-------------------

financial resources available to consummate the purchase of the

Preferred Stock required to be purchased by it as set forth on

Schedule 1. The Preferred Stock is being purchased by such

Investor for investment only and not with a view to any public

distribution thereof. Such Investor shall not transfer shares of

Preferred Stock or any shares of Common Stock received on

conversion thereof in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as

amended.

36

<PAGE>

4.5. Petro's SEC Reports. Petro represents and
-------------------

warrants (and the other Investors do not) that the financial

statements and description of the business of Petro as set forth

in its Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 1992 and the

financial information set forth in its Form 10-Q for the quarter

ended June 30, 1993, as filed with the Securities and Exchange

Commission, are true and accurate in all material respects, with

no material omissions.

4.6. Litigation. There is no (i) material claim,
----------

action, suit or proceeding pending or to the knowledge of such

Investor threatened before any Federal, State, municipal or other

court, governmental body or arbitration tribunal affecting such

Investor's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by

this Agreement and (ii) existing order, decree or judgment of any

court enjoining or restraining such Investor or its officers or

requiring any of them to take any action of any kind which would

materially and adversely affect such Investor's ability to

perform its obligations under this Agreement.

ARTICLE V

CONDUCT OF THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS
PENDING THE CLOSING 
---------------------------------

Pending the Closing, and except as otherwise expressly

provided herein or consented to or approved by Investors in

writing:

37

<PAGE>

5.1. Regular Course of Business. Each of the Company
---------------------------

and the Company Subsidiaries will carry on its respective busi-

ness diligently and substantially in the same manner as hereto-

fore conducted, and neither the Company nor any Company

Subsidiary shall institute any new methods of purchase, sale,

lease, management, accounting or operation or engage in any

transaction or activity, enter into any agreement or make any

commitment, except in the ordinary course of business and con-

sistent with past practice.

5.2. Amendments. No change or amendment shall be made
----------

in the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company or

any Company Subsidiary, except that the Company will cause to be

filed the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation annexed

as Schedule 2.1.

5.3. Capital Changes; Dividends; Redemptions. Except
----------------------------------------

as to the exchange of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock for

common stock and the issuance of Preferred Stock for the Edge

Notes and Edge Preferred Stock as contemplated in Section 8.9,

neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will issue or sell

any shares of its capital stock or other securities, acquire

directly or indirectly, by redemption or otherwise, any such

capital stock, reclassify or split-up any such capital stock,

declare or pay any dividends thereon in cash, securities or other

property or make any other distribution with respect thereto, or

grant or enter into any options, warrants, calls or commitments

of any kind with respect thereto.

38

<PAGE>

5.4. Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any Company
------------

Subsidiary will organize any new subsidiary, acquire any capital

stock or other equity securities of any corporation or acquire

any equity or ownership interest in any business.

5.5. Organization. Except for the sale of the
------------

Company's Highway and Federal subsidiaries, or as permitted

pursuant to Section 5.6, each of the Company and the Company

Subsidiaries shall use its best efforts to preserve its corporate

existence and business organization intact, to keep available to

the Company its officers and key employees, and to preserve for

the Company its relationships with licensors, suppliers,

distributors, customers and others having business relations with

it.

5.6. Certain Changes. Neither the Company nor any
----------------

Company Subsidiary will:

(a) Borrow or agree to borrow any funds or incur,

or assume or become subject to, whether directly or by way of

guarantee or otherwise, any obligation or liability (absolute or

contingent), except obligations and liabilities incurred in the

ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;

(b) Pay, discharge or satisfy any claim, liabil-

ity or obligation (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise),

other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction in the ordinary

course of business and consistent with past practice of liabili-

ties or obligations reflected or reserved against in the Balance

39

<PAGE>

Sheet or incurred in the ordinary course of business and consis-

tent with past practice since the date of the Balance Sheet;

(c) Except with respect to prepayments to The

Prudential Insurance Company of America, prepay any obligation

having a fixed maturity of more than 90 days from the date such

obligation was issued or incurred;

(d) Except for sale of the Company's Highway and

Federal divisions and pursuant to the terms of existing lending

arrangements, permit or allow any of its property or assets

(real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible), to be

subjected to any mortgage, pledge, lien or encumbrance;

(e) Write down the value of any inventory or

write off as uncollectible any notes or accounts receivable,

except for immaterial write-downs and write-offs in the ordinary

course of business and consistent with past practice;

(f) Cancel any debts or waive any claims or

rights of substantial value or sell, transfer, or otherwise

dispose of any of its properties or assets, except in the

ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;

provided, however, that the Company may, with the prior written

consent of the Investors which shall not be unreasonably

withheld, sell any asset not required in the ordinary conduct of

its business for its fair market value.

(g) Dispose of or permit to lapse any rights to

the use of any trademark or trade name;

40

<PAGE>

(h) Grant any general increase in the compensa-

tion of officers or employees (including any such increase

pursuant to any bonus, pension, profit sharing or other plan or

commitment);

(i) Make any single capital expenditure or com-

mitment in excess of $100,000 for additions to property, plant or

equipment or make aggregate capital expenditures and commitments

in excess of $500,000 (on a consolidated basis) for additions to

property, plant or equipment and not consistent with past

practices;

(j) Pay, loan or advance any material amount to,

or sell transfer or lease any material properties or assets to,

or enter into any material agreement or arrangement with, any of

its officers or directors or any Affiliate or Associate of any of

its officers or directors, except for directors' fees and compen-

sation to officers at rates not materially exceeding the rates of

compensation paid during the fiscal year ended September 30,

1992;

(k) Grant or extend any power of attorney or act

as guarantor, surety, co-signer, endorser, co-maker, indemnitor

or otherwise in respect of the obligation of any person,

corporation, partnership, joint venture, association,

organization or other entity, except guarantys by the Company for

the benefit of a Company Subsidiary or by a Company Subsidiary

for the benefit of the Company or another Company Subsidiary; or

41

<PAGE>

(l) Agree, whether in writing or otherwise, to do

any of the foregoing.

5.7. Contracts. No contract or commitment will be
---------

entered into, and no purchase of gases, petroleum products, parts

inventories, or supplies and no sale of assets will be made, by

or on behalf of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, except (i)

contracts or commitments for the purchase of, and purchases of,

gases, petroleum products, parts inventories or supplies, made in

the ordinary course of business and consistent with past

practice, (ii) contracts or commitments for the sale of, and

sales of, inventories (including gases and petroleum products) in

the ordinary course of business and consistent with past

practice, and (iii) other contracts, commitments, purchases or

sales in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past

practice.

5.8. Insurance; Property. The Company and each Company
-------------------

Subsidiary shall maintain all existing insurance policies and its

property shall be used, operated, maintained and repaired in

accordance with normal industry standards.

5.9. No Default. Neither the Company nor any Company
----------

Subsidiary shall do any act or omit to do any act, or permit any

act or omission to act, which will cause a breach of any material

contract or commitment of the Company or any Company Subsidiary

or which would cause the breach of any warranty made hereunder.

5.10. Compliance With Laws. The Company and each
--------------------

Company Subsidiary shall comply in all material respects with all

42

<PAGE>

laws applicable to it and its properties, operations, business

and employees.

5.11. Tax Returns. Each of the Company and the
-----------

Company Subsidiaries shall prepare and file all material federal,

state, local and foreign income tax returns and amendments

thereto required to be filed by it. The Company will ensure that

Investors shall have a reasonable opportunity to review each such

return and amendment prior to the filing thereof.

ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY
------------------------

The Company hereby covenants and agrees with Investors:

6.1. Full Access. The Company shall, and shall cause
-----------

each Company Subsidiary to, afford to Investors, their counsel,

accountants and other representatives full access to the plants,

offices, warehouses, properties, books and records of the Company

and each Company Subsidiary in order that Investors may have full

opportunity to make such investigations as they shall desire to

make of the affairs of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries;

and the Company will cause its officers and accountants to furn-

ish such additional financial and operating data and other in-

formation as Investors shall from time to time request; provided,

however, that any such investigation shall be conducted in such a

manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the operation of the

businesses of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries. The

Company agrees that any inquiry or investigation made by

43

<PAGE>

Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall not in any way affect

or lessen the representations and warranties made by it in this

Agreement or the survival of such representations and warranties

of the Closing to the extent provided herein. In any action or

proceeding based upon the breach of any representation or

warranty, the Company hereby waives the defense that the

Investors knew or should have known the true facts or

circumstances; provided, however, that if the Company proves in

any proceeding that Investors were aware of any fact prior to the

Closing which could have permitted the Company to mitigate its

damages (other than by electing not to close), or if revealed to

the Company could have permitted the Company to mitigate

Investors' damages, then Investors' damages shall be deemed

reduced to the extent that the Company could have affected such

mitigation, but net of the cost of the mitigation. Notwith-

standing the foregoing, if between the execution of this

Agreement and the Closing (i) Investors actually receive written

notice from the Company of any matter which the Company

identifies as a breach or misrepresentation on the part of the

Company and (ii) such breach or representation was not, in fact,

known to the Company at the time of the execution of this

Agreement, then Investors shall have the option of (i) proceeding

with the Closing, in which event Investors shall have no claim

against the Company based upon such breach or misrepresentation

or (ii) terminating this Agreement, in which event, neither the

44

<PAGE>

Company nor the Investors shall have any further liability to the

other except as provided in Section 13.2.

6.2. Consents. The Company shall, and shall cause each
--------

Company Subsidiary to, use its best efforts to obtain at the

earliest practicable date and prior to the Closing all consents

necessary to the consummation of the transactions contemplated

hereby and will provide to Investors copies of each such consent

promptly after it is obtained.

6.3. Supplements to Disclosure Schedule. From time to
----------------------------------

time prior to the Closing, the Company will promptly supplement

or amend the Disclosure Schedule with respect to any matter

hereafter arising which, if existing or occurring at the date of

this Agreement, would have been required to be set forth or de-

scribed in the Disclosure Schedule. No supplement or amendment

of the Disclosure Schedule made pursuant to this section shall be

deemed to cure any breach of any representation of or warranty

made in this Agreement unless Investors specifically agree there-

to in writing.

6.4. Covenant to Satisfy Conditions. Each of the
---------------------------------

Company and the Company Subsidiaries will use its best efforts to

insure that the conditions set forth in Article VIII hereof are

satisfied, insofar as such matters are within the control of any

of them.

6.5. Certificates. At the Closing the Company will
------------

furnish Investors with such certificates of its officers and

45

<PAGE>

others to evidence compliance with the covenants set forth in

this Article VI as may be reasonably requested by Investors.

ARTICLE VI-A

COVENANTS OF THE INVESTORS
--------------------------

Each of the Investors severally, but not jointly,

covenants and agrees with the Company:

6A.1 Covenant to Satisfying Conditions. Such Investor
---------------------------------

will use its best effort to insure that the conditions set forth

in Article VII are satisfied insofar as such matters are within

the control of such Investor.

ARTICLE VII

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY'S OBLIGATIONS
---------------------------------------

Each and every obligation of the Company under this

Agreement to be performed on or before the Closing shall be sub-

ject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing, of each of

the following conditions, unless waived in writing by the Com-

pany:

7.1. Representations and Warranties True. Subject to
------------------------------------

the right of the Investors to cure a breach or default as set

forth in Article XIII, the representations and warranties of each

of the Investors contained herein shall be in all material

respects true and accurate as of the date when made and at and as

of the Closing Date as though such representations and warranties

46

<PAGE>

were made at and as of such date, except for changes expressly

permitted or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement.

7.2. Performance. The Investors shall have performed
-----------

and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions

required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by

them on or prior to the Closing.

7.3. Deliveries. Company shall have received all of the
----------

deliveries required to be made by the Investors pursuant to

Article X.

7.4. No Injunction. On the Closing Date there shall be
-------------

no effective injunction, writ, preliminary restraining order or

any order of any nature issued by a court of competent jurisdic-

tion directing that the transactions provided for herein or any

of them not be consummated as so provided or imposing any condi-

tions on the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby

which the Company deems unacceptable in its sole discretion.

7.5. Consents Obtained. All consents referred to in
-----------------

Section 3.5 shall have been obtained.

7.6. Put/Call Agreement. The Investors and Prudential
------------------

shall have entered into the Shareholder Put/Call Agreement, a

copy of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit 8.6.1 and Star Gas and

Prudential shall have entered into the Star Gas Put/Call

Agreement, a copy of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit 8.6.2.

7.7. Shareholders' Agreement. The Investors and
------------------------

Prudential shall have entered into the Shareholders Agreement

annexed as Exhibit 8.7.

47

<PAGE>

ARTICLE VIII

CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF INVESTORS
--------------------------------------

Each and every obligation of Investors under this

Agreement to be performed on or before the Closing shall be

subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Closing, of each of

the following conditions, unless waived in writing by the

Investors:

8.1. Representations and Warranties True. Subject to
------------------------------------

the right of the Company to cure a breach or default as set forth

in Article XIII, the representations and warranties contained in

Article III hereof, the Disclosure Schedule and in all

certificates to Investors or their representatives pursuant

hereto shall be in all material respects true, complete and

accurate as of the date when made and at and as of the Closing

Date as though such representations and warranties were made at

and as of such date, except for changes expressly permitted or

contemplated by the terms of this Agreement.

8.2. Performance. The Company and each Company Sub-
-----------

sidiary shall have performed and complied in all material

respects with all agreements, obligations and conditions required

by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by them on or

prior to the Closing.

8.3. No Government Proceeding or Litigation. No suit,
--------------------------------------

action, investigation, inquiry or other proceeding by any govern-

mental body or other person or legal or administrative proceeding

48

<PAGE>

shall have been instituted or threatened which questions the

validity or legality of the transactions contemplated hereby.

8.4. No Injunction. On the Closing Date there shall be
-------------

no effective injunction, writ, preliminary restraining order or

any order of any nature issued by a court of competent jurisdic-

tion directing that the transactions provided for herein or any

of them not be consummated as so provided or imposing any condi-

tions on the consummation of the transaction contemplated hereby

which the Investors deems unacceptable in their sole discretion.

8.5. Consents Obtained. All consents referred to in
-----------------

Section 3.5 shall have been obtained.

8.6. Put/Call Agreement. The Investors and Prudential
------------------

shall have entered into the Shareholder Put/Call Agreement, a

copy of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit 8.6.1 and Prudential

shall have entered into the Star Gas Put/Call Agreement, a copy

of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit 8.6.2.

8.7. Shareholders' Agreement. The Investors and
------------------------

Prudential shall have entered into the Shareholders Agreement

annexed as Exhibit 8.7.

8.8. Deliveries. Investors shall have received all of
----------

the deliveries required to be made by the Company pursuant to

Article IX.

8.9. Recapitalization. Simultaneously with the
----------------

Closing, the exchange of stock shall occur under the Exchange

Agreement dated as of the date hereof among the Company, SEA,

49

<PAGE>

American Gas & Oil Investors, AmGO II, AmGO III and FRC Star Gas,

Inc.

8.10. Debt Restructuring. At the Closing,
--------------------

Prudential shall exchange (a) $25,000,000 of the Company's

12.625% Senior Subordinated Participating Notes due 2001 for

$25,000,000 of 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and (b)

$7,500,000 of the Company's 12.625% Senior Subordinated

Participating Notes due 2001 for $7,500,000 of 12.625% Cumulative

Redeemable Preferred Stock, and Prudential, PruSupply, Inc. and

The First National Bank of Boston shall have agreed to a

restructuring on terms satisfactory to the Company.

ARTICLE IX

DELIVERIES OF COMPANY
---------------------

At the Closing the Company shall deliver or cause to be

delivered to the Investors the following:

9.1. Certificate dated a current date from the

appropriate authorities in the State of Delaware attesting to the

existence and good standing of the Company.

9.2. Opinion of the Company's Counsel. The Company
----------------------------------

shall have delivered to Investors an opinion of Wilmer, Cutler

and Pickering, counsel to the Company, dated as of the Closing

Date, in form and substance satisfactory to Investors, to the

effect that:

50

<PAGE>

(a) The Company is a corporation duly organized,

validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its

jurisdiction of incorporation.

(b) The Company is duly qualified as a foreign

corporation and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which

the properties owned or leased by it or the nature of the

business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary

except where the Company's failure to qualify to do business will

not have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects,

operations, properties, assets or condition (financial or

otherwise) of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a

whole.

(c) The Company has the corporate power and

authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted

and to own the properties and assets it now owns, and the Company

has the full corporate power and authority to enter into this

Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

(d) Except as disclosed in or as contemplated by

this Agreement, to the actual knowledge of such counsel, there

are no outstanding options, warrants or other rights to purchase

or acquire any capital stock of the Company.

(e) To the actual knowledge of such counsel,

except as specifically disclosed by the Company in this Agreement

or in the Disclosure Schedule hereto, neither the Company nor any

Company Subsidiary is engaged in or threatened with any legal

action or other proceeding or has incurred or been charged with

51

<PAGE>

or is under investigation with respect to any violation of any

federal, state or local law or administrative regulation which if

adversely determined might, in such counsel's opinion, materially

adversely affect or impair the business or condition, financial

or otherwise, of the Company. 

9.3. Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board

of Directors and the shareholders of the Company approving the

execution of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated

herein.

9.4. Such certificates of its officers to evidence

compliance with the conditions set forth in Article VIII as may

reasonably be requested by the Investors.

9.5. The Management Services Agreement in the form of

Exhibit 9.5.

9.6. The Petro Option Agreement in the form of Exhibit

9.6.

9.7. Certificates representing the Preferred Stock in

accordance with Schedule 1.

9.8. Resignations of the directors and officers of the

Company and the Company Subsidiaries.

9.9. A schedule of the names and locations of all

banks, trust companies, savings and loan associations and other

financial institutions at which the Company and each Company

Subsidiary maintains safe deposit boxes or accounts of any nature

and the names of all persons authorized to draw thereon, make

withdrawals therefrom or have access thereto and copies of all

52

<PAGE>

records, including all signature or authorization cards,

pertaining to such bank accounts.

9.10. The Existing Shareholders Option Agreements (the

"FRC Option") in the form of Exhibit 9.10.

ARTICLE X

DELIVERIES OF THE INVESTORS AT THE CLOSING
------------------------------------------

At the Closing, the Investors shall deliver or

cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

10.1. Certificates. Each of the Investors shall
------------

have furnished the Company with such certificates of their

officers to evidence compliance with the conditions set forth in

Article VII as may be reasonably requested by the Company.

10.2. Certified Resolutions. C e r t i f i e d
---------------------

resolutions of the Board of Directors of each of the corporate

Investors and action of the partners of each partnership Investor

authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this

Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated

herein.

10.3. Payment for Preferred Stock. Wire transfers
---------------------------

of immediately available funds in the aggregate amount of

$26,975,000.

10.4. Other Agreements. Signed counterparts of
----------------

the Option Agreement and the Management Services Agreement.

10.5. Opinion of Petro Counsel. Petro shall
------------------------

have delivered to the Company an opinion of Phillips, Nizer,

53

<PAGE>

Benjamin, Krim & Ballon, counsel to Petro, dated as of the

Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company,

to the effect that:

(a) Petro is a corporation duly organized,

validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State

of Minnesota; 

(b) Petro has the corporate power and authority

to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and to own

the properties and assets it now owns, and has the full corporate

power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to consum-

mate the transactions contemplated hereby;

(c) All corporate action by Petro required in

order to authorize the transactions contemplated hereby has been

duly and validly taken; and this Agreement has been duly executed

and delivered by Petro and is the valid and binding obligation of

Petro enforceable in accordance with its terms except that (i)

such enforcement may be subject to bankruptcy, insolvency,

reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter

in effect relating to creditors' rights and, (ii) the remedy of

specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable

relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion

of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought;

(d) Neither the execution and delivery of this

Agreement by Petro nor the consummation of the transactions

contemplated hereby will violate the Certificate of Incorporation

or By-Laws of Petro or, to the knowledge of such counsel, will

54

<PAGE>

violate, conflict with, or constitute a default under, or cause

the acceleration of maturity of any debt or obligation pursuant

to, or result in the creation or imposition of any security

interest, lien or other encumbrance upon any property or assets

of Petro or any Company Subsidiary under, any contract,

commitment, agreement, trust, understanding, arrangement or

restriction of any kind to which Petro is a party or by which

Petro is bound or violate any statute or law, or any judgment,

decree, order, regulation or rule of any court or governmental

authority;

(e) Except for compliance with the HSR Act, no

consent of any governmental body nor, to the knowledge of such

counsel, of any other person, is required for the consummation by

Petro of the transactions contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE XI

THE CLOSING
-----------

11.1. The closing ("Closing") shall take place at

the offices of Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim & Ballon, 31 West

52nd Street, New York, NY, simultaneously with the execution of

this Agreement (the "Closing Date").

ARTICLE XI-A

POST CLOSING ADJUSTMENT
-----------------------

If the Company redeems shares of its Series D 8%

Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock issued on the Closing Date

in accordance with its terms as in effect on such date at any

55

<PAGE>

time following the Closing, then upon each such redemption the

Existing Shareholders agree to return as a contribution to the

capital of the Company, a number of shares of Common Stock of the

Company determined by multiplying 48,567 by a fraction the

numerator of which is the face value of the Series D 8%

Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock so redeemed and the

denominator of which is $10 million. 

ARTICLE XII

SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES 
---------------------------

12.1. Investigations; Survival of Warranties. The
---------------------------------------

representations and warranties of the Company contained herein or

in any certificates or other documents delivered prior to or at

the Closing shall not be deemed waived or otherwise affected by

any investigation made by any party hereto and shall survive the

Closing; provided however, that the representations and

warranties set forth in sections 3.6, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12,

3.13, 3.14, 3.17, 3.18, 3.19, 3.20, 3.21, 3.22, 3.23, 3.24, 3.25,

3.26, 3.29, 3.33, 3.34 and 3.36 shall expire on the first

anniversary of the Closing, the representations and warranties

set forth in section 3.7 shall expire 18 months following the

Closing, the representations and warranties set forth in section

3.30 shall expire on the third anniversary of the Closing, and

the representations and warranties set forth in sections 3.16 and

3.31 shall expire upon the expiration of the relevant statute of

limitations.

56

<PAGE>

ARTICLE XIII

IMPLEMENTATION OF MONEY DAMAGES
-------------------------------

13.1. Implementation of Money Judgment. Subject to
--------------------------------

Sections 13.2 and 13.3, if any Investor receives a money judgment

based upon a breach or default of the Company pursuant to the

Agreement, other than any breach or default of Section 3.2, the

first sentence of Section 3.4 or the second sentence of Section

3.4 (other than issues of enforceability not caused by a breach

of the foregoing sections), the Existing Shareholders shall at

their option either:

(a) pay the full amount of the money judgment to

the Company in cash, or

(b) deliver prorata, to the shareholders of Star

Gas, other than the Existing Shareholders, shares of Star Gas

equal in value to the amount of such money damages. The value of

the Star Gas stock ("Stock Value") shall be determined by

applying the average of the Put Price and Call Price formulas set

forth in the Shareholder Put/Call Agreement at the end of the

quarter next preceding the delivery of the shares; provided,

however, that (i) if the Put Option or Call Option under the

Shareholder Put/Call Agreement has been exercised with respect to

the shares of Common Stock owned by the Existing Shareholders,

then the Stock Value shall be the Put Option Price or the Call

Option Price with respect to such exercise and (ii) until the

release of the September 30, 1994 audited financial statements of

57

<PAGE>

the Company, the per share value of the shares of Star Gas shall

be no less than $10.30 per share. For purposes of allocating the

shares, each Shareholder shall be deemed to own the maximum

number of shares then issuable to such Shareholder pursuant to

options and convertible preferred stock owned by such

Shareholder.

13.2. (a) No claim for breach of representation or

warranty ("Claim") may be asserted by the Investors against the

Company unless and until the aggregate of all such Claims exceeds

$175,000.

(b) Whenever the Company shall receive notice of

any Claim by any Investor for breach of any representation,

warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement or in any

certificate delivered by or on behalf of the Company to such

Investor or otherwise arising out of the transactions

contemplated by this Agreement, the Company shall as soon as

reasonably possible, and in any event within 15 days of receipt

of such notice, notify the Existing Shareholders of such Claim

and all of the relevant facts within its knowledge which relate

thereto; provided, however, that the failure of the Company to

give timely notice hereunder shall not relieve Existing

Shareholders of their obligations under Section 13.1 unless, and

only to the extent that, lack of notice caused the amount to be

paid hereunder to be greater than it would have been had the

Company given timely notice hereunder. The Existing Shareholders

shall have the right, but not the obligation, to assume the

58

<PAGE>

defense of any such Claim. The Existing Shareholders shall

notify the Company within thirty days of receipt of such notice

of their intention to assume such defense. If the Existing

Shareholders assume such defense, the Company shall be entitled

to participate at its own expense, but without diminishing the

exclusive control of the Existing Shareholders. If the Existing

Shareholders fail to assume the defense of any such claim or

demand as soon as reasonably possible, then the Company shall

have the right to undertake the defense of any such claim or

demand utilizing counsel selected by it. The Company shall not

settle any such action or agree to make any payment to any

Investor without the consent of the Existing Shareholders.

13.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event

will the aggregate liability of the Existing Shareholders

(including any liability in respect of Paragraph 1 of the letter

agreement, dated December 21, 1993, among the Company, The

Prudential Insurance Company of America and PruSupply, Inc.)

exceed the aggregate value of (i) 250,000 shares of Star Gas

common stock minus (ii) the number of shares of Star Gas common
-----

stock returned to the Company pursuant to Article XI-A. For

purposes of this Section 13.3, each share of Star Gas common

stock delivered to shareholders pursuant to Section 13.1(b) shall

be deemed to have a value of one share of Star Gas common stock

and any cash amounts paid to the Company pursuant to Section

13.1(a) shall be deemed to have a value of that number of shares

of Star Gas common stock equal to the amount of such cash payment

59

<PAGE>

divided by the Stock Value (as defined in Section 13.1(b)) at the

time of such payment.

ARTICLE XIV

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
------------------------

14.1. Amendment and Modification. Subject to ap-
--------------------------

plicable law, this Agreement may be amended, modified and supple-

mented by written agreement of the respective Boards of Directors

or other governing board of the Company and Investors or by their

respective officers authorized by such Boards of Directors at any

time prior to the Closing with respect to any of the terms

contained herein.

14.2. Waiver of Compliance. Any failure of the
---------------------

Company, on the one hand, or Investors, on the other, to comply

with any obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein may

be expressly waived in writing by the President or a Vice

President or other duly authorized agent of each of the Investors

or the Company, but such waiver or failure to insist upon strict

compliance with such obligation, covenant, agreement or condition

shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to,

any subsequent or other failure.

14.3. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and
-------

other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in

writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered

60

<PAGE>

by hand or mailed, certified or registered mail with postage

prepaid:

(a) If to the Company, to:

Star Gas Corp.
500 Birchfield Drive
Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054

(with a copy to:)

Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering
2445 M St., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20037
Attn: Richard Cass, Esq.

or to such other person or address as the Company shall furnish

to Investors in writing.

(b) If to Investors, to:

Star Gas Holdings, Inc.
c/o Hanseatic Corporation
450 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022
Attn: Paul Biddelman

Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc.
2187 Atlantic Street - 5th Fl.
Stamford, CT 06902
Attn: George Leibowitz

First Reserve Corporation
475 Steamboat Road
Greenwich, Connecticut 06830
Attn: William E. Macaulay

(with a copy to:)

The Prudential Insurance Company of America
c/o Prudential Financial Restructuring Group
Four Gateway Center, 9th Fl.
100 Mulberry Street
Newark, NJ 07102-4069
Attn: Managing Director
Fax: 201-802-2662

Willkie Farr & Gallagher

61

<PAGE>

One Citicorp Center
153 East 53rd Street
New York, NY 10022-4669
Attn: Duncan Stewart, Esq.
Fax: 212-821-8111

Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim & Ballon
31 West 52nd Street
New York, NY 10019
Attn: Alan Shapiro, Esq.

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017
Attn: Richard Capelouto, Esq.

or to such other person or address as Investors shall furnish to

the Company in writing.

14.4. Assignment. This Agreement and all of the
----------

provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit

of the parties hereto and their respective successors and per-

mitted assigns, but neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,

interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of

the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other

parties.

14.5. Publicity. Neither the Company nor Investors
---------

shall make or issue, or cause to be made or issued, any announce-

ment or written statement concerning this Agreement or the trans-

actions contemplated hereby for dissemination to the general

public without the prior consent of the other party. This pro-

vision shall not apply, however, to any announcement or written

statement required to be made by law or the regulations of any

federal or state governmental agency or any stock exchange, ex-

cept that the party required to make such announcement shall,

62

<PAGE>

whenever practicable, consult with the other party concerning the

timing and content of such announcement before such announcement

is made.

14.6. Governing Law. This Agreement and the legal
-------------

relations among the parties hereto shall be governed by and con-

strued in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,

without regard to its conflicts of law doctrine.

14.7. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
------------

simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall

be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute

one and the same instrument.

14.8. Headings. The headings of the Sections and
--------

Articles of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and

shall not constitute a part hereof or affect in any way the mean-

ing or interpretation of this Agreement.

14.9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including
----------------

the Exhibits hereto, the Disclosure Schedule and the other docu-

ments and certificates delivered pursuant to the terms hereof,

set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties

hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein, and

supersede all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrange-

ments, communications, representations or warranties, whether

oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of

any party hereto.

14.10. Third Parties. Except as specifically set
--------------

forth or referred to herein, nothing herein expressed or implied

63

<PAGE>

is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any

person or corporation other than the parties hereto and their

successors or assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason

of this Agreement.

14.11. After the Closing, the Company shall from

time to time, at the request of the Investors and without further

cost or expense to Investors, execute and deliver such other

instruments of conveyance and transfer and take such other

actions as Investors may reasonably request, in order to more

effectively consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this

Agreement to be duly executed and their respective corporate

seals 

64

<PAGE>

to be affixed hereto, all as of the day and year first above

written.

PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC.

By: /s/ George Leibowitz
------------------------
George Leibowitz
Senior Vice President

ACCEPTED AND AGREED:

STAR GAS CORPORATION

By: /s/ Robert M. Cherry
------------------------
Robert M. Cherry
Senior Vice President

The undersigned shareholders
of Star Gas Corporation agree
to the execution of the 
foregoing agreement and that 
they will not take any action
inconsistent with the obliga-
tions of Star Gas Corporation

AMERICAN GAS & OIL INVESTORS AmGO III

By: First Reserve Corporation, By: First Reserve Capital
as managing partner, Corporation, as
managing general
partner,

By: /s/ William Macaulay By: /s/ William Macaulay
------------------------- -------------------------
William Macaulay William Macaulay
Managing Director Managing Director

AmGO II

By: First Reserve Capital
Corporation, as
managing general partner,

By: /s/ William Macaulay FIRST RESERVE SECURED
------------------------- ENERGY ASSETS FUND, L.P.
William Macaulay
Managing Director

FRC STAR GAS, INC. By: First Reserve
Corporation, as managing
general partner
By: /s/ William Macaulay
------------------------
William Macaulay
Managing Director

STAR GAS HOLDINGS, INC. By: /s/ William Macaulay
-------------------------
By: /s/ Paul Biddelman William Macaulay
------------------------ Managing Partner
Paul Biddelman

65

<PAGE>

SCHEDULES

Schedule 1 - Purchase of preferred stock
Schedule 2 - Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
Schedule 3 - Series A Preferred Stock exchange ratios

EXHIBITS

8.6.1 Shareholder Put/Call Agreement
8.6.2 Star Gas Put/Call Agreement
8.7 Shareholders Agreement
9.5 Management Services Agreement
9.6 Petro Option Agreement
9.10 Existing Shareholder Option Agreement

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

3.01 Corporate organization, etc.
3.03 (a) Subsidiaries and affiliates
(b) Equity investments
(c) Foreign qualification of subsidiaries
3.05 Violation of agreements, etc.
3.07 Undisclosed Liabilities
3.10 Certain changes
3.11 (a) Title to property - exceptions
(b) Liens, etc.
3.12 Plant and equipment
3.13 Patents, trademarks, etc.
3.14 Leases
3.16 (a) Examination of Federal income tax returns
(b) Federal income tax returns
3.17 Contracts and commitments
3.18 Suppliers
3.19 Customers
3.20 Operating data
3.22 (a) Insurance in effect
(b) Self-insured risks
3.23 Labor matters
3.24 Fringe benefit plans
3.25 Litigation
3.29 Compliance with law
3.30 Environmental protection
3.31 (b) Reportable events, etc.
3.33 (a) Personnel
(b) Competition
3.34 Insider Interests

66

<PAGE>

Schedule 1
<TABLE>

<S> <C>
Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc. - 140,000 Shares of Series
A 8% Cumulative
Convertible Preferred
Stock ($14 million)

Star Gas Holdings, Inc. - 20,000 Shares of Series A 8%
Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock ($2 million)

90,000 Shares of Series C 8% Cumulative
Convertible Preferred Stock ($9 million)

American Gas & Oil Investors - 7,811 Shares of Series A 8%
Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock ($781,100)

1,500 Shares of Series E 8% Cumulative
Convertible Preferred Stock ($15,000)

AmGO II - 8,223 Shares of Series A 8% Cumulative
Convertible Preferred Stock ($822,300)

692 Shares of Series E 8% Cumulative
Convertible Preferred Stock ($69,200)

AmGO III - 849 Shares of Series A 8%
Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Stock ($84,900)

152 Shares of Series E 8% Cumulative
Convertible Preferred Stock ($15,200) 

First Reserve Secured - 2,867 Shares of Series A 8%
Energy Assets Fund, L.P. Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Stock ($286,700)

406 Shares of Series E 8% Cumulative
Convertible Preferred Stock ($40,600) 

FRC Star Gas, Inc. - 2,250 Shares of Series E 8%
Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock ($225,000)

The Prudential Insurance Company - 150,000 shares of Series
of America (not party to B 8% Cumulative Convertible
Purchase Agreement) Preferred Stock ($9 million) 

100,000 shares of Series D 8% Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock ($10 million)

60,000 shares of Series B 12.625%
Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

15,000 shares of Series A 12.625%
Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2

<PAGE>

Neither this Option, nor the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
its exercise, have been registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. This Option has been, and the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon its exercise will be, acquired for invest-
ment. This Option may not be sold, transferred, pledged,
hypothecated or otherwise disposed of except in accordance with
the terms hereof and except pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an
opinion of counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Company, to the effect that registration is not then required
under such Act.

Option

To Purchase 500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of

STAR GAS CORPORATION

December 21, 1993

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc.
is entitled to purchase from Star Gas Corporation, a Delaware
corporation, (the "Company") at any time after December 21, 1993,
until 5:00 P.M., New York time, on December 20, 1998 (the
"Expiration Date"), Five Hundred Thousand (500,000) shares
(subject to adjustment as provided in Article Four hereof) of
Class A Common Stock, par value $.10 per share, of the Company,
at the Purchase Price (defined below) subject to exercise of the
other appurtent rights, powers and privileges, all on the terms
and conditions hereinafter provided.

1. Certain Definitions

For all purposes of this Option, unless the context
otherwise requires:

Act

The term "Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or any similar Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the
same shall be in effect at the time.

-2-

<PAGE>

Affiliate

The term "Affiliate", as it applies to the Optionholder,
means an individual, corporation, partnership or other entity
which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, the Optionholder.

Shares of Common Stock

The term "shares of Common Stock" means the Company's shares
of Class A Common Stock, par value $.10 per share, and any
capital stock into which such shares of Common Stock may
thereafter have been changed, and for purposes of Article Four
shall also include capital stock of the Company or any class of
the Company's securities thereafter authorized which ranks, or is
entitled to a participation, as to assets or dividends,
substantially on a parity with the shares of Common Stock.

Company

The term "Company" means Star Gas Corporation, a Delaware
corporation.

Expiration Date

The term "Expiration Date" means 5:00 P.M., New York time,
on December 20, 1998.

Number of Option Shares

The term "number of Option Shares" has the meaning assigned
to it in Article Four hereof.

Optionholder

The term "Optionholder" means Petroleum Heat and Power Co.,
Inc.

Options

The term "Options" means this Option and all Options issued
in substitution, combination or subdivision thereof. All Options
shall at all times be identical as to terms and conditions and
expiration date, except as to the number of shares of Common
Stock for which they may be exercised and except as otherwise
required by this Option or as otherwise agreed to by the Company
and the Optionholder.

-3-

<PAGE>

Option Shares

The term "Option Shares" means the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of the Options.

Purchase Price

The term "Purchase Price" means $9.9031 per share as
adjusted pursuant to Article Four hereof.

2. Exercise of Option

2.1 Manner of Exercise

Until the Expiration Date, the Optionholder may exercise
this Option in whole at any time or in part from time to time for
the purchase of the number of shares of Common Stock which such
Optionholder is then entitled to purchase hereunder, at the
Purchase Price per Common Share determined in accordance with the
provisions hereof.

In order to exercise this Option, in whole or in part, the
Optionholder shall deliver on the exercise date to the Company at
its principal office or such other office or agency designated by
it for such purpose, (a) written notice of the Optionholder's
election to exercise this Option, which notice shall specify the
number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased, (b) cash or a
certified or bank check payable to the order of the Company in an
amount equal to the Purchase Price of the number of shares of
Common Stock being purchased and (c) this Option.

Upon receipt of the materials delivered by the Optionholder
under this section, the Company shall, as promptly as
practicable, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and
delivered, to the Optionholder a certificate or certificates
representing the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
specified in such notice. The certificate or certificates so
delivered shall be in such denomination or denominations as may
be specified in such notice and shall be registered in the name
of the Optionholder or, subject to Article Three, such other name
as shall be designated (together with an address) in such notice.

Such certificate or certificates shall be deemed to have
been issued and the Optionholder or any other person so
designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a
holder of record of such shares of Common Stock as of the date
such notice and payment is received by the Company as aforesaid
if this Option has been exercised in compliance with the above
provisions. If this Option shall have been exercised only in
part, the Company shall, at the time of delivery of such
certificate or certificates, deliver to the Optionholder a new
Option evidencing the rights of the holder to purchase the

-4-

<PAGE>

remaining shares of Common Stock called for by this Option, which
new Option shall in all other respects, except as provided in
Article Three, be identical with this Option, or, at the request
of the Optionholder, appropriate notation may be made on this
Option and the same returned to such holder. The Company shall
pay all expenses, taxes and other charges payable in connection
with the preparation, issuance and delivery of share certificates
under this section, except that, in the case such share
certificates shall be registered in a name or names other than
the name of the Optionholder, funds sufficient to pay all share
transfer taxes which shall be payable upon issuance of such share
certificate or certificates shall be paid by the Optionholder at
the time the notice of exercise hereinabove mentioned is
delivered to the Company. 

2.2 Option Shares Fully Paid

All Option Shares shall be, when issued, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

2.3 Fractional Shares

The Company shall not be required upon the exercise of this
Option to issue a certificate representing any fraction of a
share of Common Stock, but, at the option of the Company, in lieu
of issuing such a fractional share, may pay for such fraction of
a share at the Purchase Price in effect on the date of such
exercise of this Option.

3. Transferability; Compliance With Securities Act

3.1 Restrictive Legend

Unless otherwise not required by this Article Three, each
certificate for Option Shares initially issued upon the exercise
of this Option, and each certificate for shares of Common Stock
issued to a subsequent transferee of any such certificate, shall
be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a legend in substantially
the following form:

The shares of Common Stock represented by this
certificate have not been registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be
sold, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise
disposed of except in accordance with the terms hereof
and except pursuant to an effective registration
statement under such Act and any applicable state
securities laws, or an opinion of counsel, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Company, to the effect
that such registration is not then required.

-5-

<PAGE>

3.2 Restriction On Transferability

The Options shall not be transferable. The Option Shares
shall be freely transferable except to the extent limited by law
or by any agreement among shareholders of the Company.

4. Adjustments To Purchase Price And Number of Option Shares

The Purchase Price and the number of Option Shares
purchasable hereunder (such number, as in effect from time to
time, being hereinafter called the "number of Option Shares"), as
specified in this Option, shall be subject to adjustment from
time to time as follows:

4.1 Dividends and Reclassifications. In case the Company
shall (i) declare a dividend, or make a distribution, on its
outstanding shares of Common Stock in shares of its Common Stock,
(ii) subdivide or reclassify its outstanding Common Stock into a
greater number of shares or (iii) combine or reclassify its
outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the
number of Option Shares in effect at the time of the record date
for such dividend or distribution or subdivision or combination,
or the effective date thereof if no record date is fixed
therefor, shall be proportionately adjusted so that the holder of
any Option surrendered for exercise immediately after the time of
such record date or such effective date (if no record date is
fixed) shall be entitled to receive the number of Option Shares
which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive
had the Option been exercised immediately prior to such time. 
Adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be made successively
whenever any event specified above shall occur.

4.2 Liquidating Dividends. In the event that the Company
shall make any distribution of its assets upon or with respect to
its Common Stock, as a liquidating or partial liquidating
dividend, or other than as a dividend payable out of earnings or
any surplus legally available for dividends under the laws of the
state of incorporation of the Company, the Optionholder shall,
upon the exercise of the Option after the record date for such 
distribution or, in the absence of a record date, after the date
of such distribution, receive, in addition to the Option Shares,
the amount of such assets (or, at the option of the Company, a
sum equal to the value thereof at the time of distribution as
determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion)
which would have been distributed to the Optionholder if it had
exercised the Option immediately prior to the record date for
such distribution, or in the absence of a record date,
immediately prior to the date of such distribution.

4.3 Adjustment of Purchase Price. Upon each adjustment of
the number of Option Shares pursuant to this Article, the
Purchase Price shall be adjusted to equal the amount obtained by 

-6-

<PAGE>

multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to
such adjustment by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the
number of Option Shares in effect prior to such adjustment and
the denominator of which equals the number of Option Shares in
effect after such adjustment.

4.4 Miscellaneous Matters. 

4.4.1 No adjustment of the Purchase Price shall be
made if the amount of such adjustment shall be less than one
percent of the then Purchase Price, but in such case any
adjustment that would otherwise be required then to be made shall
be carried forward and shall be made at the time of and together
with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with the next
subsequent adjustment which, together with any adjustment so
carried forward, shall amount to not less than one percent of the
then Purchase Price. 

4.4.2 The certificate of any independent firm of
public accountants of recognized standing selected by the Board
of Directors shall be conclusive of the correctness of any
computation made under this Article.

4.4.3 Whenever any adjustment is required in the then
Purchase Price, the Company shall forthwith (i) prepare a
statement describing in reasonable detail the adjustment and the
method of calculation used and (ii) cause a copy of such
statement to be mailed to the Optionholder.

4.4.4 The Company shall at all times reserve and keep
available out of its authorized shares of Common Stock the full
number of Option Shares into which all Options from time to time
outstanding are exercisable. If at any time the number of
authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be
sufficient to effect the exercise this Option at the Purchase
Price then in effect, the Company shall take such corporate
action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to
increase its authorized Common Stock to such number of shares as
shall be sufficient for such purpose.

4.4.5 In case of any reclassification of or change in
the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change in
par value, or a change from no par to par value or from par value
to no par value) or in the case of any consolidation of the
Company with, or merger of the Company into, another corporation
(other than a consolidation in which the Company is the
continuing corporation and which does not result in any
reclassification of or change in the outstanding shares of Common
Stock), or in case of any sale or conveyance to another
corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the
Company, the Optionholder shall have the right to exercise such
Option into the kind and amount of shares and other securities
and property receivable upon such reclassification, change,
consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of the

-7-

<PAGE>

number of shares of Common Stock into which the Option could have
been exercised immediately prior to such reclassification,
change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance. After such
reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or
conveyance, adjustments of the Purchase Price shall be as nearly
equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments of the
Purchase Price provided for herein.

The Company and any successor shall not effect any such
consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance of property as an
entirety with or to another corporation unless and until such
other corporation shall agree to deliver to the Optionholder,
upon the exercise of the Option, such shares, securities and
property which, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, such
Optionholder shall have the right to receive. Successive
reclassifications, changes, consolidations, mergers, sales or
conveyances and adjustments of Purchase Price shall be similarly
treated.

Immediately before any such consolidation, merger, sale or
conveyance of property as an entirety with or to another
corporation the Company shall pay to the Optionholder an amount
of cash equal to the number of Option Shares multiplied by the
difference between (a) the cash or fair value of any property or
securities to be received by a holder of a share of Common Stock
pursuant to any such consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance of
property and (b) the Purchase Price.

5. Notice Of Certain Events.

In case at any time on or after the date hereof:

(a) there shall be any capital reorganization or
reclassification of the shares of Common Stock (other than a
subdivision or combination of its outstanding shares of Common
Stock and other than a change in the par value or the shares of
Common Stock, or a change from par value to no par value or from
no par value to par value), or any consolidation or merger to
which the Company is a party and for which approval of any
shareholders of the Company is required, or any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all the assets of the Company; or

(b) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the Company;

then the Company shall cause to be delivered to each
Optionholder, as promptly as possible but in any event at least
10 days prior to the applicable date hereinafter specified, a
notice stating the date on which such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer,
dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected to become
effective, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of shares of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange
their shares of Common Stock for securities or other property

-8-

<PAGE>

deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, dissolution, liquidation
or winding up is expected to become effective, and the date as of
which it is expected that holders of shares of Common Stock of
record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock
for securities or other property deliverable upon such
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale,
transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

6. Limitation of Liability

No provision hereof, in the absence of affirmative action by
the Optionholder to purchase shares of Common Stock, and no mere
enumeration herein of the rights and privileges of the
Optionholder, shall give rise to any liability of such
Optionholder for the Purchase Price or as a shareholder of the
Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by
creditors of the Company.

7. Miscellaneous Provisions

7.1 Notices and Demands on Company and Optionholder. Any
notice or demand which by any provision of this Option is
required or permitted to be given or served may be given or
served by being deposited postage prepaid, registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, in a post office letter
box addressed (until another address of the Company is given by
the Company to the Optionholder) as follows: if to the Company,
then to Star Gas Corporation, 500 Birchfield Drive, Mt. Laurel,
New Jersey 08054; if to the Optionholder, then to Petroleum Heat
and Power Co., Inc., Davenport Street, Stamford, Connecticut
06094, Attn: George Leibowitz, Senior Vice President. All
notices shall be deemed to have been given upon delivery or
mailing thereof.

7.2 Amendments And Waivers. Any term of this Option may be
changed, waived, discharged or terminated only be a written
consent of the Company and the Optionholder.

7.3 Laws Of Delaware To Govern. This Option shall be
deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of
Delaware and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the internal laws of such State.

7.4 Effect Of Headings. The Article and Section headings
herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the
construction hereof.

-9-

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Option to be
signed in its name by a duly authorized officer and attested by
its Secretary or Assistant Secretary.

Dated: December 21, 1993

STAR GAS CORPORATION 

/s/ Robert M. Cherry
---------------------------------
Name: Robert M. Cherry
Title: Senior Vice President

ATTEST:

/s/ Melinda K. Estadt
----------------------------
Name: Melinda K. Estadt
Title: Secretary

-10-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3

<PAGE>

SHAREHOLDER PUT/CALL AGREEMENT

AGREEMENT entered into as of this 21st day of December, 1993

among Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc., a Minnesota corporation

("Petro"), American Gas & Oil Investors, a New York partnership,

AmGO II, a New York partnership, AmGO III, a New York

partnership, First Reserve Secured Energy Assets Fund, L.P., a

Delaware partnership, FRC Star Gas, Inc., and The Prudential

Insurance Company of America, a New Jersey corporation

("Prudential").

WHEREAS, American Gas & Oil Investors, First Reserve

Secured Energy Assets Fund, L.P., FRC Star Gas, Inc., AmGO II and

AmGO III (collectively, the "FRC Shareholders") own the

outstanding shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share of

Star Gas Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Star Gas") which,

together with such shares of Common Stock as the Investor

Shareholders may hereafter own, are referred to collectively as

"Common Stock"; the FRC Shareholders together with Prudential are

referred to herein as the "Investor Shareholders";

WHEREAS, the Investor Shareholders also own shares of 8%

Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock of Star Gas, which

together with all shares of such preferred stock as the Investor

Shareholders may hereafter own, are referred to collectively as

"8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock".

2

<PAGE>

WHEREAS, Star Gas has entered into an agreement to sell to

Petro, and Petro has agreed to buy, certain of Star Gas's 8%

Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and has further agreed to

provide an option to Petro to purchase shares of Common Stock;

and

WHEREAS, as a further inducement to Petro and the FRC

Shareholders to enter into such agreements, the FRC Shareholders

wish to grant Petro a call option to buy all the shares of Common

Stock owned by the FRC Shareholders as well as the 8% Cumulative

Convertible Preferred Stock and shares of Common Stock issued to

them upon the conversion of the 8% Cumulative Convertible

Preferred Stock of Star Gas and the exercise of certain options

and Petro wishes to grant to the FRC Shareholders a put option to

require Petro to purchase all the shares of Common Stock that

they own; and

WHEREAS, Prudential is also willing to grant to Petro a

call option to purchase all shares of its 8% Cumulative

Convertible Preferred Stock and shares of Common Stock issued

upon the conversion of the 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred

Stock of Star Gas, subject, however, to the prior rights of Star

Gas and Prudential under the Star Gas Put/Call Agreement of even

date and Petro wishes to grant to Prudential a put option to

require Petro to purchase all the shares of Common Stock and 8%

Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock owned by Prudential; and

3

<PAGE>

WHEREAS, the parties intend that this Agreement shall

be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any person who may

acquire 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and Common

Stock from them, so that (a) the term "FRC Shareholders" shall

include FRC and any transferee of an existing FRC Shareholder,

(b) the term "Prudential Shareholders" shall include Prudential

and any transferee of Prudential and (c) the term "Investor

Shareholders" shall include all FRC Shareholders and Prudential

Shareholders as defined in this paragraph; provided, however,

that this Agreement shall not be binding upon or inure to the

benefit of any person who may acquire any such shares in a public

offering or in ordinary brokerage transactions pursuant to Rule

144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Rule 144")

following a public offering of the Common Stock.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants

herein contained, it is hereby agreed as follows:

1. The Options.
-----------

1.1 Call Option. For the period beginning on the date on
------------

which Star Gas' audited financial statements for the fiscal year

ending September 30, 1994 are first delivered to Petro and the

Investor Shareholders and ending December 31, 1998, subject to

Section 1.2 hereof, Petro shall have the option ("Call Option")

to acquire all, but not less than all, of the 8% Cumulative

4

<PAGE>

Convertible Preferred Stock and Common Stock from time to time

owned by the Investor Shareholders including without limitation

the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the 8%

Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock of Star Gas and shares

issued upon the exercise of the Shareholder Option Agreement to

the extent the Shareholder Option Agreement has been exercised

prior to its Expiration Date (as defined therein), in each case

for an aggregate purchase price ("Call Option Price") computed as

follows:

(a) first, by calculating the product of (i) Star Gas'

EBITDA for the 12 months ended with its most recent fiscal

quarter completed prior to the notice of exercise of the Call

Option and (ii) the greater of 7 or the Petro EBITDA Multiple; 

(b) next, by taking such product in (a) above and (i)

subtracting from it the amount of Long-Term Obligations of Star

Gas as of the last day of such 12 month period, and (ii) adding

to it the amount of net working capital of Star Gas (i.e. current

assets less current liabilities) as of the last day of such 12

month period in excess of $4,000,000 and (iii) adding to it the

proceeds that would be received by Star Gas upon the exercise of

all options, warrants and similar rights to purchase securities

outstanding on the last day of such 12 month period to the extent

the shares issuable upon exercise are included in Fully Diluted

Shares; 

5

<PAGE>

(c) next, by taking the result of (b) above and

dividing such result by the number of Fully Diluted Shares; 

(d) next, by taking the per share amount calculated

in (c) above and multiplying it by the number of shares of Common

Stock of the Investor Shareholders being purchased pursuant to

such Call Option and the number of shares of Common Stock then

issuable upon the conversion of the 8% Cumulative Convertible

Preferred Stock of the Investor Shareholders to be purchased

pursuant to the Call Option.

1.2 The Call Option of Petro to acquire shares owned by

Prudential is subject to the Star Gas Put/Call Agreement of even

date pursuant to which Star Gas has a call on the Series D 8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock of Star Gas owned by Prudential and

shares of Star Gas Common Stock issued upon conversion thereof

and Prudential has the right to require Star Gas, under certain

circumstances to purchase said shares.

1.3 Put Option. For the period beginning January 1, 1999
----------

or, if earlier, from the date of a Change of Control with respect

to Petro, through and including December 31, 1999, each of the

Investor Shareholders, individually, will have an option ("Put

Option") to require Petro to purchase all but not less than all

of their shares of Common Stock and 8% Cumulative Convertible

6

<PAGE>

Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price ("Put Option

Price") computed as follows:

(a) first by calculating the product of (i) Star Gas'

EBITDA for the 12 months ended with its most recent fiscal

quarter completed prior to the notice of exercise of the Put

Option and (ii) the greater of (A) 5 or (B) .85 of Petro EBITDA

Multiple; 

(b) next, by taking such product in (a) above and (i)

subtracting from it the amount of Long-Term Obligations of Star

Gas as of the last day of such 12 month period, and (ii) adding

to it the amount of net working capital of Star Gas (i.e. current

assets less current liabilities) as of the last day of such 12

month period in excess of $4,000,000 and (iii) adding to it the

proceeds that would be received by Star Gas upon the exercise of

all options, warrants and similar rights to purchase securities

outstanding on the last day of such 12 month period to the extent

the shares issuable upon exercise are included in Fully Diluted

Shares; 

(c) next, by taking the result in (b) above and

dividing such result by the number of Fully Diluted Shares; 

(d) next, by taking the per share amount in (c) above

and multiplying such amount by the number of shares of Common

7

<PAGE>

Stock of the Investor Shareholders being purchased pursuant to

such Put Option and the number of shares of Common Stock then

issuable upon the conversion of the 8% Cumulative Convertible

Preferred Stock of the Investor Shareholders to be purchased

pursuant to the Put Option.

1.4 Definitions. 
-----------

"Change of Control" means the occurrence of any event which

results in the number of directors of Petro's Board of Directors

who are designated by the Sevin Group (in an individual or

fiduciary capacity) in accordance with a Shareholders Agreement

dated as of July 28, 1992 among Petro and certain shareholders,

constituting less than a majority of the Board. "Sevin Group"

shall mean collectively, the Estate of Malvin P. Sevin, Audrey L.

Sevin, Irik P. Sevin, Thomas J. Edelman, Phillip Ean Cohen and

Margot Gordon.

"EBITDA" for a company means consolidated income before

interest, depreciation and amortization and income taxes

excluding gains or losses from the sale of assets other than in

the ordinary course of business, non-recurring gains or losses,

extraordinary items and the costs of any restructuring,

calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting

principles consistently applied, all as reported in that

company's financial statements; provided that consolidated income

of any other person (other than a corporation of which a majority

of the capital stock having voting power under ordinary

8

<PAGE>

circumstances to elect a majority of the board of directors is

owned by the company or a subsidiary of such company) will be

included only to the extent of dividends and distributions

received by the company. EBITDA shall include (without

duplication) EBITDA (defined as the same manner as in this

Agreement) of each business (on a pro forma basis) which has been

acquired during the 12 months ended with the most recently

completed fiscal quarter of Star Gas or Petro, as the case may

be, using the pro forma adjustments comparable to those

customarily made by Petro in SEC reporting of its acquisitions of

businesses pursuant to the periodic reporting requirements of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

"Fully Diluted Shares" means with respect to Star Gas, as of

the date of determination, the number of shares of Common Stock

actually issued and outstanding, plus the number of shares

issuable upon the conversion of the 8% Cumulative Convertible

Preferred Stock, plus the number of shares of Common Stock

issuable pursuant to that certain option dated as of December 21,

1993 granted by Star Gas to Petro, plus the number of shares of

Common Stock issuable pursuant to all other options, warrants and

similar rights to purchase Common Stock, and plus the number of

shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of any other

class of convertible securities of the Corporation; provided,

however, that only those options, warrants and similar rights to

purchase shares of Common Stock, that have an exercise price that

9

<PAGE>

is less than (i) the Call Price (determined without including the

shares issuable upon exercise of such options, warrants or

similar rights), when "Fully Diluted Shares" is being used to

determine the Call Price, or (ii) the Put Price (determined

without including the shares issuable upon exercise of such

options, warrants or similar rights), when "Fully Diluted Shares"

is being used to determine the Put Price, shall be deemed to be

included in this definition.

"Long-Term Obligations" of an entity means the face value of

indebtedness for money borrowed (excluding any discounts,

including original issue discount, or premiums) of such entity

that pays cash interest or interest in the form of instruments

representing similar indebtedness plus the amortization payments

of all other debt discounted at an annual rate of 11% plus the

amounts of capitalized lease obligations and minus the current

portion of any such indebtedness and obligations; provided,

however, that the amount of any debt security convertible into

shares of common stock shall be excluded from Long-Term

Obligations to the extent that such security is deemed converted

for purposes of Fully Diluted Shares.

"Petro's EBITDA Multiple" means the amount determined by

dividing (i) the sum of the amount of Long Term Obligations of

Petro other than securities convertible into common stock and the

face value of any preferred stock of Petro outstanding on the

10

<PAGE>

date EBITDA is determined other than securities convertible into

common stock and the product of (a) the number of issued and

outstanding shares of all classes Petro's common stock on a fully

diluted basis, assuming the conversion of all convertible

securities, on the date EBITDA is determined and (b) the average

of the last reported sales price for each respective class of

stock (with the sales prices for the Class C Common Stock deemed

to be the same as the sales prices for the Class A Common Stock)

for the 10 trading days preceding the date on which the Put

Option or Call Option is exercised as reported by the NASDAQ

National Market System, or if a class of stock is not included in

the NASDAQ National Market System, then on the stock exchange or

listing service on which such class is included, or, if no such

sales prices exist, then the fair value of such class of stock as

determined by an investment banking firm of nationally recognized

standing selected by Petro by (ii) Petro's EBITDA (defined in the

same manner as in this Agreement) for the 12 months ended with

its most recently completed fiscal quarter completed prior to the

exercise of the Put Option or the Call Option.

"Shareholder Option Agreement" means the Shareholder Option

Agreements of even date between Star Gas and each of the FRC

Shareholders.

1.5 Minimum Prudential Call Option Price. Notwithstanding
-------------------------------------

the foregoing, if Petro exercises the Call Option to purchase the

11

<PAGE>

shares of Common Stock and 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred

Stock owned by Prudential, the Call Option Price for such shares

shall be no less than $14.1350 per share of Common Stock or share

of Common Stock which would be receivable upon conversion of the

8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (in each case, as

adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends and the like) plus

such additional amount as will result in a yield to Prudential on

the shares so purchased of 12.625% per annum compounded semi-

annually from December 1, 1993 ("Floor Option Price"). The Floor

Option Price shall include, and Prudential shall transfer to

Petro for no additional consideration, all shares of 8%

Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock issued as a dividend on

the shares of 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock owned by

Prudential to be repurchased pursuant to the Call Option.

1.6 Petro's Special Call Option on the Holdings of the
-------------------------------------------------------

Prudential Shareholders. If at any time prior to the fifth
------------------------

anniversary of the execution of this Agreement, any Prudential

Shareholder shall vote any Star Gas equity securities owned by it

against any bona fide merger proposal or against the liquidation

or dissolution of Star Gas, then Petro may exercise the Call

Option to purchase the securities of all Prudential Shareholders

subject thereto on the terms set forth above except that (a) the

one year waiting period in Section 1.1 shall not apply (b) the

EBITDA multiple of 7 in Section 1.1(a)(ii) shall be reduced to 6

and (c) notwithstanding Article 2, the entire Call Option Price

would be payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds.

12

<PAGE>

1.7 Option Agreement. Immediately upon the exercise of the
----------------

Call Option, Petro shall grant to the FRC Shareholders an option

to purchase, on terms and conditions identical to those set forth

in those certain Option Agreements, dated as of December 21,

1993, from Star Gas Corporation to various FRC Shareholders (the

"Option Agreement"), a total number of shares of Petro Class A

Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Star Gas Common

Stock which could then be purchased under the unexercised portion

of the Option Agreement, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator

of which is the Call Price and the denominator of which is the

per share value of the Petro Class A Common Stock determined

pursuant to Clause 1.4(b) and the Purchase Price of such option

shall be equal to the current Purchase Price under the Option

Agreement divided by the same fraction.

1.8 Minimum FRC Call Option Price. Anything in this
--------------------------------

Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if Petro exercises the

Call Option to purchase the shares of Series A 8% Cumulative

Convertible Preferred Stock owned by the FRC Shareholders on the

date hereof (or shares of Common Stock received on the conversion

thereof), the Call Option Price per share of Common Stock shall

be no less than $10.8368 per share (in each case, as adjusted for

stock splits, stock dividends and the like).

13

<PAGE>

2. Exercise of Option
------------------

2.1 Manner of Exercise
------------------

Until the expiration date of the Call Option or the Put

Option, the holder thereof may exercise such option in accordance

with the provisions hereof.

(a) In order to exercise the Call Option, Petro shall

deliver on the exercise date to the Investor Shareholders, at

their respective principal offices or such other office or agency

designated by each of them for such purpose, written notice of

Petro's election to exercise such option and at Petro's election

it shall (i) make a wire transfer in immediately available funds

equal to the Call Option Price to accounts designated by the

Investor Shareholders or (ii) deliver a certificate or

certificate for the number of shares of Petro's Class A Common

Stock ("Class A Common Stock") having a value determined in

accordance with Section 2.2 equal to the Call Option Price;

provided, however, that in the case of Prudential, at least

twenty percent (20%) of the Call Option Price shall be paid by

wire transfer in immediately available funds. The certificate or

certificates representing Class A Common Stock so delivered shall

be in such denomination or denominations as may be specified by

the applicable Investor Shareholder and shall be registered in

the name of such holder.

Upon receipt of the materials delivered by Petro upon the

exercise of a Call Option under this section, each Investor

14

<PAGE>

Shareholder shall, against payment, execute and deliver, or cause

to be executed and delivered, to Petro a certificate or

certificates representing the aggregate number of shares of

Common Stock or 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock owned

by such Investor Shareholder together with executed stock

transfer powers to Petro or to any person designated by Petro. 

The certificate or certificates representing Common Stock or

8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and Class A Common

Stock shall be deemed to have been issued and the holder thereof

or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be

deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares of Common

Stock or 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock or Class A

Common Stock, as the case may be, as of the date such notice is

received by the Investor Shareholders as aforesaid if such option

has been exercised in compliance with the above provisions.

Petro shall pay all expenses, taxes and other charges payable in

connection with the preparation, issuance and delivery of share

certificates under this section. 

(b) In order to exercise the Put Option, an Investor Share-

holder shall deliver to Petro, at its principal office or such

other office or agency designated by it for such purpose, written

notice of such holder's election to exercise such option and

within three days thereafter such Investor Shareholder shall

deliver to Petro a certificate or certificates representing the

15

<PAGE>

number of shares of Common Stock or 8% Cumulative Convertible

Preferred Stock owned by such Investor Shareholder together with

executed stock transfer powers to Petro or to any person

designated by Petro.

Simultaneously with receipt of the materials delivered by

the Investor Shareholders following the exercise of a Put Option,

Petro shall, at its election, either (i) wire transfer the amount

of the purchase price in immediately available funds to an

account designated by the Investor Shareholder or (ii) execute

and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to each such

Investor Shareholder the shares of Petro Class A Common Stock

valued pursuant to Section 2.2 in payment of the Put Option

Price. The certificate or certificates so delivered shall be in

such denomination or denominations as may be specified in such

notice and shall be registered in the name of such holder.

Such certificate or certificates shall be deemed to have

been issued and such holder or any other person so designated to

be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of

record of such shares of Class A Common Stock, 8% Cumulative

Convertible Preferred Stock or Common Stock, as the case may be,

as of the date such notice is received by Petro as aforesaid if

such option has been exercised in compliance with the above

provisions. Petro shall pay all expenses, taxes and other

16

<PAGE>

charges payable in connection with the preparation, issuance and

delivery of share certificates under this section. 

2.2 Value of the Class A Common Stock. The value of
-------------------------------------

Petro's Class A Common Stock shall be deemed to be the average of

the last reported sales price for Petro's Class A Common Stock

for the 10 trading days preceding the date on which the option is

exercised as reported by the NASDAQ National Market System, or if

the Class A Common Stock is not included in the NASDAQ National

Market System, then on the stock exchange or listing service on

which the Class A Common Stock is included. In the event that

Petro's Class A Common Stock is not listed on any national public

securities exchange (including NASDAQ) in the United States at

the date of the exercise of the Call Option or the Put Option, as

the case may be, then the Call Option Price or the Put Option

Price shall be determined without regard to Petro's EBITDA

multiple, and shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately

available funds.

2.3 Option Shares Fully Paid
------------------------

All shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon the exercise

of an option shall be, when issued, duly authorized, validly

issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

2.4 Fractional Shares
-----------------

17

<PAGE>

Petro shall not be required upon the exercise of an option

to issue a certificate representing any fraction of a share of

Class A Common Stock, but, at the option of Petro, in lieu of

issuing such fractional share, may pay for such fraction of a

share in cash at the purchase price in effect on the date of such

exercise of such option.

2.5 Limits on Resale of Common Stock.
--------------------------------

In no event shall Petro offer for sale, sell or otherwise

transfer, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock that

it owns, without the prior written consent of all of the Investor

Shareholders, during the twelve-month period commencing on the

exercise date of such Call Option; provided, however, that this

paragraph shall not prohibit Petro from selling substantially all

of its assets, merging or consolidating with or into another

entity or selling all its outstanding stock to another entity or

person.

Petro agrees that it shall cause Star Gas not to make a

public offering of its Common Stock registered under the

Securities Act of 1933, without the prior written consent of all

of the Investor Shareholders, during the twelve-month period

commencing on the exercise date of such Call Option; provided,

however, that such consent shall not be necessary if the number

of shares of Common Stock so offered are no more than an

18

<PAGE>

aggregate of twenty percent (20%) of the number of Fully Diluted

Shares.

3. Registration Rights.
-------------------

3.1. Piggy-Back Registration Rights. 
------------------------------

3.1.1 If Petro proposes to file, on its behalf

and/or on behalf of any of its securities holders, a Registration

Statement under the Securities Act of 1993, as amended (the

"Securities Act") other than in connection with a dividend

reinvestment, employee stock purchase, option or similar plan or

in connection with a merger, consolidation or reorganization,

Petro shall give written notice to each Investor Shareholder

which acquired Petro Class A Common Stock at its address set

forth herein at least 30 days before the filing with the

Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") of such Registration

Statement. Each Investor Shareholder who desires to include any

of its shares of Class A Common Stock in such Registration

Statement shall give written notice to Petro within 20 days after

the date of mailing of such offer, and shall deliver to Petro a

letter from counsel selected by such Investor Shareholder to the

effect that registration under the Securities Act is required.

Petro shall thereupon include in such filing the shares of Class

A Common Stock designated by such Investor Shareholder and,

subject to its right to withdraw such filing, shall use its best

efforts to effect registration under the Securities Act of such

Shares.

19

<PAGE>

3.1.2 The right of the Investor Shareholders to

have shares included in any Registration Statement in accordance

with the provisions of this Section 3.1 shall be subject to the

following conditions:

3.1.2.1 Petro shall have the right to require

that Investor Shareholders participating in such

Registration Statement agree to refrain from offering

or selling (other than in a private sale) any shares of

Common Stock that they own which are not included in

any such Registration Statement in accordance with this

Section 3.1 for any time period (not to exceed 120

days) specified in writing by any managing underwriter

oftheofferingto whichsuchRegistrationStatement relates;

3.1.2.2 If any managing underwriter of the

offering to which the Registration Statement relates

informs Petro in writing that the total number of

shares of Common Stock requested by the Investor

Shareholders to be included in the Registration

Statement is sufficiently large to affect the success

of such offering adversely, then Petro will include

only the number of shares, if any, in the Registration

Statement that such managing underwriter shall advise

Petro will not so affect the offering, and reductions

in the number of shares of Common Stock owned by the

20

<PAGE>

Investor Shareholders will be made proportionate to

their respective percentages of ownership of shares to

be included in the Registration Statement;

3.1.2.3 Petro shall furnish Investor

Shareholders who have shares included in a Registration

Statement pursuant to this Section 3.1 with such number

of copies of the prospectus relating to the Offering

(the "Prospectus") (including any preliminary prospec-

tus or supplemental or amended prospectus) as such

Investor Shareholder may reasonably request in order to

facilitate the sale and distribution of its shares; and

3.1.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Petro in its

sole discretion may determine not to file the registration state-

ment or proceed with the offering as to which the notice speci-

fied herein is given without any liability to Investor

Shareholders.

3.1.4 Each Investor Shareholder shall have the

right to register shares of Common Stock under this Section 3.1

on an unlimited number of occasions. 

21

<PAGE>

3.2. Independent Registration Rights. 
-------------------------------

3.2.1 If either the FRC Shareholders or Prudential

Shareholders holding in either case a majority of the shares of

Petro Class A Common Stock held by the specific shareholder group

(determined by reference to the Shareholders' Agreement dated as

of December 21, 1993 relating to Star Gas), proposes to offer for

sale, sell or transfer their respective shares of Petro Class A

Common Stock which may require registration under the Securities

Act such shareholder shall give Petro written notice of their

desire to sell such shares, specifying the number of shares

proposed to be sold and the plan for distribution of such shares.

Petro will thereafter:

3.2.1.1 Prepare and file with all deliberate

speed a Registration Statement with the SEC on the

appropriate form and use its best efforts to cause such

Registration Statement to become effective in order that

such shareholders may sell their shares in accordance with

the proposed plan of distribution;

3.2.1.2 Prepare and file with the SEC such

amendments and supplements to such Registration Statement

and Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be

necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective for

up to 120 days and to comply with the provisions of the

Securities Act with respect to the offer of the shares

22

<PAGE>

covered by such Registration Statement during the period

required for distribution of such shares, which period shall

not be in excess of three months from the effective date of

such Registration Statement; 

3.2.1.3 Furnish to such shareholders, if such

shares have been included in the Registration Statement

pursuant to this Section 3.2, such number of copies of the

Prospectus (including any preliminary prospectus or supple-

mental or amended prospectus) as such shareholders may

reasonably request in order to facilitate the sale and

distribution of the shares; 

3.2.1.4 Use reasonable efforts to register or

qualify such shares covered by such Registration Statement

under such other securities or blue sky laws of such

jurisdictions as the shareholders shall reasonably request,

and do any and all other acts and things which may be

reasonably necessary or advisable to enable such

shareholders to consummate the disposition in such

jurisdictions of the shares owned by such shareholders,

except that Petro shall not for any such purpose be required

to qualify generally to do business as a foreign corporation

in any jurisdiction where, but for the requirements of this

clause 3.2.1.4, it would not be obligated to be so

qualified, to subject itself to taxation in any such

23

<PAGE>

jurisdiction, or to consent to general service of process in

any such jurisdiction;

3.2.1.5 Use reasonable efforts to cause such

shares covered by such Registration Statement to be

registered with or approved by such other governmental

agencies or authorities as may be necessary to enable the

shareholders to consummate the dispositions of such shares

of Common Stock;

3.2.1.6 Notify promptly the shareholders selling

any such shares covered by such Registration Statement, at

any time when a Prospectus relating thereto is required to

be delivered under the Securities Act, of Petro's becoming

aware that the Prospectus included in such Registration

Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement

of a material fact or omits to state a material fact

required to be stated therein or necessary to make the

statements therein not misleading in the light of the

circumstances then existing, and, at the request of any such

selling shareholder, prepare and furnish to such selling

shareholder a reasonable number of copies of an amended or

supplemental Prospectus as may be necessary so that, as

thereafter delivered to the purchasers of such shares, such

Prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a

material fact or omit to state a material fact required to

24

<PAGE>

be stated therein or necessary to make the statements

therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances

then existing;

3.2.1.7 Otherwise use reasonable efforts to

comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC,

and make available to its security holders, as soon as

reasonably practicable (but not more than eighteen months)

after the effective date of the Registration Statement, an

earnings statement which shall satisfy the provisions of

Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and the rules and

regulations promulgated thereunder;

3.2.1.8 Use reasonable efforts to list or admit

for trading such shares of Common Stock on the National

Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. National Market

System ("NASDAQ NMS") or any securities exchange on which

the Common Stock is then listed, if such shares are not

already so listed and if such listing is then permitted

under the rules of the NASDAQ NMS or such exchange, and to

provide a transfer agent and registrar for such shares

covered by such Registration Statement not later than the

effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.2.1.9 Enter into an underwriting agreement

with a managing underwriter or underwriters containing

25

<PAGE>

representations, warranties, indemnities and agreements then

customarily included by an issuer in underwriting agreements

with respect to secondary distributions;

3.2.1.10 Use reasonable efforts to obtain a "cold

comfort" letter or letters from the Petro independent public

accountants in customary form and covering matters of the

type customarily covered by "cold comfort" letters as the

shareholders selling such shares shall reasonably request;

3.2.1.11 Make available for inspection by the

shareholders selling such shares covered by such

Registration Statement, by any underwriter participating in

any disposition to be effected pursuant to such Registration

Statement and by any attorney, accountant or other agent

retained by any such shareholders or any such underwriter,

all pertinent financial and other records, pertinent

corporate documents and properties of Petro, and cause all

of Petro's officers, directors and employees to supply all

information reasonably requested by any such selling

shareholders, underwriter, attorney, accountant or agent in

connection with such Registration Statement; and

3.2.1.12 Obtain for delivery to the underwriters

or agent and to selling shareholders an opinion or opinions

from counsel for Petro in customary form and in form and

26

<PAGE>

scope reasonably satisfactory to such underwriter or agent

and their counsel.

3.2.2 The right of the Investor Shareholders to

have shares registered pursuant to the provisions of this Section

3.2 shall be subject to the following conditions:

3.2.2.1 If a request for registration is made

within 60 days prior to the conclusion of Petro's then

current fiscal year, Petro shall have the right to delay the

filing of the Registration Statement for such period of time

until Petro receives its audited financial statements for

such fiscal year; 

3.2.2.2 If any managing underwriter of the

offering to which the Registration Statement relates informs

Petro that total number of shares of Common Stock requested

by the Investor Shareholders to be included in the

Registration Statement is sufficiently large to affect the

success of such offering adversely, then Petro will include

only the number of shares, if any, in the Registration

Statement that such managing underwriter shall advise Petro

will not so affect the offering and reductions in the number

of shares of Common Stock owned by the Investor Shareholders

will be made proportionate to their respective percentages

of ownership; provided, however, that the shareholders

27

<PAGE>

requesting such registration shall not be required to reduce

the number of shares of Common Stock that such shareholders

have requested to be included in the registration statement

without such shareholders' written consent;

3.2.2.3 Each of the Prudential Shareholders and

the FRC Shareholders shall each be entitled to request no

more than two (a total of four) Registration Statements;

provided, however, that a request will be disregarded in

determining a shareholder's rights under this paragraph if a

Registration Statement based upon such request does not

actually become effective; and

3.2.2.4 Petro shall not be required to file a

Registration Statement on behalf of Investor Shareholders

under this Section within six months after the effective

date of a Registration Statement in which the Investor

Shareholders are offered an opportunity to include shares

pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof.

3.3 Expenses. Petro will bear all the expenses in
--------

connection with any Registration Statement under Section 3.1 or

Section 3.2 hereof (including the reasonable fees and expenses of

counsel to any Investor Shareholders), other than transfer taxes

payable on the sale of such shares and fees and commissions of

brokers, dealers and underwriters. 

28

<PAGE>

3.4 "No Action" Letter; Opinion of Counsel. No Investor
----------------------------------------

Shareholder shall have registration rights under this Article

with respect to any sales proposed by them of shares as to which

sales (i) a "no action" letter is received from the SEC or its

staff confirming the availability of an exemption from the

requirements of the Securities Act or (ii) an unqualified opinion

of counsel to Petro is rendered to the effect that registration

of such shares for such sales is not required; provided, further

however, that in both cases (i) and (ii) above, the volume

limitations of Rule 144(e) under the Securities Act shall not

limit the amount of shares of Common Stock that the Investor

Shareholders are entitled to offer and sell without registration

under the Securities Act.

3.5 Recall of Prospectuses, etc. With respect to a
-------------------------------

Registration Statement or amendment thereto filed pursuant to

this Article, if, at any time, Petro notifies the selling

Investor Shareholders that an amendment or supplement to such

Registration Statement or amendment or the prospectus included

therein is necessary or appropriate, the selling Investor

Shareholders will forthwith cease selling and distributing shares

thereunder and will forthwith redeliver to Petro all copies of

such Registration Statement and prospectuses then in their

possession or under their control. Petro will use its best

efforts to cause any such amendment or supplement to become

effective as soon as practicable and will furnish the selling

29

<PAGE>

Investor Shareholders with a reasonable number of copies of such

amended or supplemented Prospectus (and the period during which

Petro is required to use its best efforts to maintain such

Registration Statement in effect pursuant to this Agreement will

be increased by the period from the date on which the selling

Investor Shareholders ceased selling and distributing shares

thereunder to the date on which such amendment or supplement

becomes effective).

3.6 Cooperation of Investor Shareholders. Petro shall be
-------------------------------------

entitled to require that each selling Investor Shareholder

cooperate with Petro in connection with a registration of shares

of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Article and furnish (i)

such information regarding such selling Investor Shareholders and

the distribution as may be reasonably required by Petro or as

required by law in connection therewith and (ii) such

representations, undertakings and agreements regarding such

selling Investor Shareholders and the distribution or any other

representation required by law in connection therewith.

3.7 Indemnification. 
---------------

3.7.1 In the event of any registration of any

securities under the Securities Act pursuant to this Article,

Petro will indemnify and hold harmless each selling Investor

Shareholder, each affiliate of such Investor Shareholder and

their respective directors and officers and general and limited

30

<PAGE>

partners, any underwriter and each other person, if any, who

controls such selling Investor Shareholder or underwriter within

the meaning of the Securities Act, against any losses, claims,

damages, expenses or liabilities, joint or several, to which each

such selling Investor Shareholder or underwriter or controlling

person may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise,

insofar as such losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities

(or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon

any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material

fact contained in such registration statement or preliminary

prospectus (if used prior to the effective date of such registra-

tion statement) or final or summary prospectus contained therein

(if used during the period the Petro is required to keep the

registration statement effective), or any amendment or supplement

thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or al-

leged omission to state therein a material fact required to be

stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein

not misleading, and will reimburse each such selling Investor

Shareholder, underwriter and controlling person for any legal or

any other expenses reasonably incurred as incurred by him in

connection with investigating or defending any such action or

claim, excluding any amounts paid in settlement of any

litigation, commenced or threatened, if such settlement is

effected without the prior written consent of Petro; provided,

however, that Petro will not be liable to a particular selling

Investor Shareholder or underwriter in any such case to the

31

<PAGE>

extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense

arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or omission or

alleged omission made in said registration statement, said

preliminary prospectus or said final or summary prospectus or any

amendment or supplement thereto, in reliance upon and in

conformity with written information furnished to Petro by that

selling Investor Shareholder or its controlling affiliates or

representative, or by that underwriter, as the case may be,

specifically for use in the preparation thereof; and provided

further that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section

3.7 with respect to any preliminary prospectus shall not inure to

the benefit of any selling Investor Shareholder or underwriter or

to any person controlling the same in respect of any loss, claim,

damage, liability or action asserted by someone who purchased

shares from such person if a copy of the final prospectus (as the

same may be amended or supplemented) in connection with such

registration statement was not sent or given to such person with

or prior to written confirmation of the sale and if the untrue

statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission of

a material fact contained in such preliminary prospectus was

corrected in the final prospectus.

3.7.2 In the event of any registration of securi-

ties under the Securities Act pursuant to this Article, each

selling Investor Shareholder shall indemnify and hold harmless

Petro, each of its directors and officers, any underwriter and

32

<PAGE>

each other person, if any, who controls Petro or underwriter

within the meaning of the Securities Act, against any losses,

claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which Petro

or any such director, officer, underwriter or controlling person

may become subject under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar

as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in

respect thereof) arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue

statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact con-

tained in such registration statement or preliminary prospectus

or final or summary prospectus contained therein, or any amend-

ment or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the

omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact

required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements

made therein not misleading, and will reimburse Petro, each such

director, officer, underwriter and controlling person for any

legal or other expenses reasonably incurred as incurred by them

in connection with investigating or defending any such action or

claim, excluding any amounts paid in settlement of any litiga-

tion, commenced or threatened, if such settlement is effected

without the prior written consent of the Investor Shareholder or

his representative, but in all such cases only if, and to the

extent that, any such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense

arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged

untrue statement or omission or alleged omission therein made in

reliance upon and in conformity with written information

furnished to Petro by the selling Investor Shareholder or its

33

<PAGE>

controlling affiliates or representative specifically for use in

the preparation thereof.

3.7.3 Action Commenced. Promptly after receipt by
----------------

a party entitled to indemnification under Section 3.7.1 or 3.7.2

hereof of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemni-

fied party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made

against the indemnifying party under either of such Sections,

notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement

thereof; provided, however, that the indemnifying party is

relieved of its obligations hereunder by the failure to give such

notice only to the extent the indemnifying party is adversely

affected by such failure. In case any such action is brought

against the indemnified party and it shall so notify the

indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying

party shall be entitled to participate in, and, to the extent

that it so chooses, to assume the defense thereof with counsel

reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided that

the indemnifying party will not agree to the entry of any

judgment or to any settlement without the prior consent of the

indemnified party (which consent shall not be unreasonably

withheld) unless such settlement requires no more than a monetary

payment for which the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the

indemnified party and includes a full, unconditional and complete

release of the indemnified party; provided, however, that the

indemnified party shall be entitled to take control of the

34

<PAGE>

defense of any claim as to which, in the reasonable judgment of

the indemnifying party's counsel, representation of both the

indemnifying party and the indemnified party would be

inappropriate under the applicable standards of professional

conduct due to actual or potential differing interests between

them (except that if the selling Investor Shareholders are the

indemnifying party, such defense may be assumed only in a manner

chosen by the holders of a majority in interest of the shares of

Class A Common Stock included in the registration statement which

is the subject of such action), and, after notice from the

indemnifying party that it so chooses, such indemnifying party

shall not be liable for any legal or other expenses subsequently

incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense

thereof; provided, however, that if the indemnifying party fails

to take reasonable steps necessary to diligently defend such

claim within 20 days after receiving notice from the indemnified

party that the indemnified party believes the indemnifying party

has failed to take such steps, the indemnified party may assume

its own defense and the indemnifying party shall be liable for

any expenses therefor. The indemnity agreements in this Section

shall be in addition to any liabilities which the indemnifying

parties may have pursuant to law. In the event that an

indemnifying party assumes the defense of an action under this

Section, then such indemnifying party shall, subject to the

provisions of this Section, indemnify and hold harmless the

35

<PAGE>

indemnified party from any and all losses, claims, damages or

liabilities by reason of such settlement or judgment.

3.7.4 Contribution. If the indemnity provided for
------------

in the foregoing paragraphs of this Section is unavailable or

insufficient for any reason to hold harmless an indemnified party

in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred

to therein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying

such indemnified party, agrees to contribute to the amount paid

or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such losses,

claims, damages or liabilities in such proportion as is

appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the

indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on

the other hand from the sale of securities under such

Registration Statement, (ii) the relative fault of the

indemnifying party on the one hand and the indemnified party on

the other hand in connection with the statements, actions or

omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or

liabilities and (iii) any other relevant equitable

considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party on

the one hand and of the indemnified party on the other hand (i)

in the case of an untrue or alleged untrue statement of a

material fact or an omission or alleged omission to state a

material fact, shall be determined by reference to, among other

things, whether such statement or omission relates to information

supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party,

respectively, and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access

36

<PAGE>

to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such

statement or omission and (ii) in the case of any other action or

omission, shall be determined by reference to, among other

things, whether such action or omission was taken or omitted to

be taken by the indemnifying party or the indemnified party,

respectively, and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access

to information and opportunity to prevent such action or

omission. The parties agree that it would not be just and

equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section were

determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of

allocation which does not take account of the equitable

considerations referred to in the immediately preceding

sentences. The amount paid or payable by the indemnified party

as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities

referred to in such sentences shall be deemed to include, subject

to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses

reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with

investigating, preparing to defend or defending any such action

or claim.

3.7.5 Non-Exclusivity. The obligations of the
---------------

parties under this Section shall be in addition to any liability

which any party may otherwise have to any other party.

4. Rule 144. 
--------

For so long as Petro continues to be subject to the

requirements of Section 12 of the Exchange Act, Petro covenants

that it will file the reports required to be filed by it under

37

<PAGE>

the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and

regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder (or, if the Company is

not required to file such reports, it will, upon the request of

the holders of a majority of the shares of the Prudential

Shareholders or FRC Shareholders, make publicly available such

information), and it will take such further action as the holders

of a majority of the shares of the Prudential Shareholders or FRC

Shareholders may reasonably request, all to the extent required

from time to time to enable them to sell shares without

registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of

the exemptions provided by (i) Rule 144 under the Securities Act,

as such Rule may be amended from time to time ("Rule 144"), or

(ii) any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC.

Upon the request of a shareholder, Petro will deliver to such

shareholders a written statement as to whether it has complied

with such requirements. Notwithstanding anything contained in

this Section, Petro may deregister under Section 12 of the

Exchange Act if it then is permitted to do so pursuant to the

Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

5. Miscellaneous.
-------------

5.1 Amendment and Modification. Subject to applicable law,
--------------------------

this Agreement may be amended, modified and supplemented by

written agreement of the parties hereto.

5.2 Waiver of Compliance. Any failure of Petro, on the one
--------------------

hand, or Investor Shareholders, on the other, to comply with any

38

<PAGE>

obligation, covenant, agreement or condition herein may be

expressly waived in writing by a managing director, vice

president (of any designation) or a duly authorized officer of

each of the Investor Shareholders or Petro, respectively, but

such waiver or failure to insist upon strict compliance with such

obligation, covenant, agreement or condition shall not operate as

a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any subsequent or other

failure.

5.3 Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other
-------

communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in

writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered

by hand or mailed, certified or registered mail with postage

prepaid:

(a) If to Petro, to:

Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc.
2187 Atlantic Street
Stamford, CT 06902
Attn: George Leibowitz
Senior Vice President

(with a copy to:)

Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim & Ballon
31 West 52nd Street
New York, NY 10019
Attn: Alan Shapiro, Esq.

(b) If to the FRC Shareholders, to:

First Reserve Corporation
475 Steamboat Road
Greenwich, Connecticut 06830
Attn: William E. Macaulay

39

<PAGE>

(c) If to Prudential, to:

The Prudential Insurance Company of America
c/o Prudential Financial Restructuring Group
4 Gateway Center - 9th Fl.
100 Mulberry Street
Newark, NJ 07102-4069
Attn: Managing Director
Fax: 201-802-2662

with a copy to:

Willkie Farr & Gallagher
One Citicorp Center
153 East 53rd Street
New York, NY 10022-4669
Attn: Duncan Stewart, Esq.
Fax: 212-821-8111

or to such other person or address as shareholders shall furnish

to the Company in writing.

5.4 Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions
----------

hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the

parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted

assigns, but neither this Agreement nor any of the rights,

interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of

the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other

parties, except that each Investor Shareholder shall be deemed to

automatically assign its rights, interests and obligations

hereunder and shall be released from its obligations hereunder

(and no consent will be required) with respect to any securities

that are sold, transferred, assigned or otherwise disposed of by

such Investor Shareholder in accordance with the terms of the

Star Gas Shareholders' Agreement of even date herewith if such

40

<PAGE>

transferee agrees to be bound by the terms hereof or if such

transferee is Petro, provided that the terms of this Agreement

shall not be binding upon or inure to the benefit of any person

who may acquire any such shares in a public offering or in

ordinary brokerage transactions pursuant to Rule 144 following an

initial public offering of the Common Stock and the Investor

Shareholder will be released from all obligations hereunder in

respect of any shares so transferred.

5.5 Governing Law. This Agreement and the legal relations
--------------

among the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in

accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard

to its conflicts of law doctrine.

5.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
------------

simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall

be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute

one and the same instrument.

5.7 Headings. The headings of the Sections and Articles of
--------

this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not

constitute a part hereof or affect in any way the meaning or

interpretation of this Agreement.

5.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire
----------------

agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of

the subject matter contained herein, and supersede all prior

agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications,

representations or warranties, whether oral or written, by any

officer, employee or representative of any party hereto.

41

<PAGE>

5.9 Third Parties. Except as specifically set forth or
-------------

referred to herein, nothing herein expressed or implied is

intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any

person or corporation other than the parties hereto and their

successors or 

42

<PAGE>

assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this

Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this

Agreement to be duly executed and their respective corporate

seals to be affixed hereto, all as of the day and year first

above written.
PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC.

By: /s/ George Leibowitz
--------------------------
George Leibowitz
Senior Vice President

ACCEPTED AND AGREED:

AMERICAN GAS & OIL INVESTORS AmGO III

By: First Reserve By: First Reserve 
Corporation, Corporation
as managing general partner, as managing general
partner,

By: /s/ William Macaulay By: /s/ William Macaulay
------------------------- -------------------------
William Macaulay William Macaulay
Managing Director Managing Director

AmGO II THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE
COMPANY OF AMERICA
By: First Reserve 
Corporation, By: /s/ Jeff Diamond
as managing general partner, -------------------------
Jeff Diamond
Vice President

By: /s/ William Macaulay
---------------------------
William Macaulay
Managing Director

FIRST RESERVE SECURED ENERGY ASSETS FUND, L.P.

By: First Reserve Corporation, 
as managing general partner

By: /s/ William Macaulay
---------------------------
William Macaulay
Managing Director

43

<PAGE>

FRC STAR GAS, INC.

By: /s/ William Macaulay
--------------------------
William Macaualay
Managing Director

44
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4

<PAGE>

SHAREHOLDERS' AGREEMENT
-----------------------

AGREEMENT made and entered into as of this 21st day of

December, 1993 by and among PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC.

("Petro"), STAR GAS HOLDINGS, INC. ("Holdings"), AMERICAN GAS &

OIL INVESTORS, AmGO II, AmGO III, FIRST RESERVE SECURED ENERGY

ASSETS FUND, L.P., FRC STAR GAS, INC. and THE PRUDENTIAL

INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA ("Prudential") (who are sometimes

hereinafter referred to individually as a "Shareholder" and

collectively as the "Shareholders") and STAR GAS CORPORATION

("Star Gas" or the "Corporation"), a Delaware corporation having

its principal place of business at 500 Birchfield Drive, Mt.

Laurel, New Jersey 08054.

W I T N E S S E T H :
- - - - - - - - - -

1. Recitals. This Agreement is entered into with
--------

reference to the following:

1.1 The Shareholders constitute the holders of

all of the outstanding shares of equity securities of Star Gas.

1.2 The term "Shares" as used herein means all

shares of equity securities of Star Gas now or hereafter owned by

the Shareholders. Except as provided herein, the term "Shares"

shall not include any equity securities held by a person who is

not a party to or bound by the terms and conditions of this

Agreement. When calculating the number or percentage of Shares

owned by a Shareholder, all Shares of convertible preferred stock

2

<PAGE>

shall be deemed to be converted to Shares of Common Stock at the

then conversion ratio and such Shareholder shall be deemed to own

all Shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of

preferred stock of the Corporation. Aside from the signatories

of this Agreement, except as provided herein, no person shall

have the right to sign this Agreement and no person shall be

entitled to the benefits of this Agreement. Capitalized terms

used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same

meaning as in the Purchase Agreement of even date among the

parties hereto (other than Prudential) ("Purchase Agreement").

1.3 The Shareholders desire to impose certain

restrictions on the sale, transfer or other disposition of the

Shares and to make arrangements for the voting of the Shares.

1.4 The Shareholders have agreed that for the

purpose of designating candidates for election of directors the

Shareholders shall be divided into four categories of

shareholders, as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Name Category
---- --------
<S> <C>
Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc. Petro Shareholder
Star Gas Holdings, Inc. Holdings Shareholder
American Gas & Oil Investors First Reserve Shareholders
AmGO II First Reserve Shareholders
AmGO III First Reserve Shareholders
First Reserve Secured Energy
Assets Fund, L.P. First Reserve Shareholders
FRC Star Gas, Inc. First Reserve Shareholders
Prudential Prudential Shareholder

</TABLE>
3

<PAGE>

The Petro Shareholder, the Holdings Shareholder, the First

Reserve Shareholders and the Prudential Shareholder are sometimes

referred to herein as the "Petro Shareholder", the "Holdings

Shareholder", the "First Reserve Shareholders" and the

"Prudential Shareholder", respectively, and collectively as, the

"Shareholders".

2. Elections to the Board of Directors.
-----------------------------------

2.1 Star Gas shall be governed by a Board of

Directors consisting of no less than 6 and no more than 8

persons. Each category of Shareholder shall have the right to

nominate directors as follows: The Petro Shareholder shall have

the right to nominate for election up to but no more than 3

directors, the Holdings Shareholder shall have the right to

nominate for election up to but no more than 2 directors, the

First Reserve Shareholders shall have the right to nominate for

election up to but no more than 1 director so long as the First

Reserve Shareholders collectively hold at least 5% of the

outstanding Shares and the Prudential Shareholder shall have the

right to nominate for election no more than 2 directors so long

as the Prudential Shareholder holds at least 15% of the

outstanding Shares and the right to nominate for election 1

director so long as the Prudential Shareholder holds at least 5%

and less than 15% of the outstanding Shares. The outstanding

Shares for purposes of calculating the percentage of any category

of Shareholders shall exclude Shares resulting from additional

4

<PAGE>

issuances of equity securities after the date hereof other than

(i) pursuant to the conversion of Convertible Preferred Stock

outstanding on the date hereof and (ii) Shares issued in

accordance with Section 4 hereof to the extent that such category

of Shareholders have exercised their preemptive rights.

2.2 (a) The current Board of Directors shall

consist of the following persons:

Petro Shareholder First Reserve Prudential 
Directors Shareholders Director Shareholder Directors
--------- --------------------- ---------------------

3 persons 1 person 2 persons

Holdings Shareholder
Directors
---------

2 persons

(b) The Shareholders agree to vote their

Shares at any meeting of the Shareholders of Star Gas called for

such purpose (or to deliver their written consents in lieu of

such a meeting) as follows:

(i) To fill any vacancy on the Board of

Directors by the election of a person designated by the

Shareholders of the category of Shareholders entitled to fill

such vacancy.

(ii) To remove from office any director

elected as a representative of the Petro Shareholder, the

Holdings Shareholder, the First Reserve Shareholders or the

Prudential Shareholder at the request of the Shareholders of the

category of Shareholders which initially designated the director.

5

<PAGE>

The Petro Shareholder, the Holdings

Shareholder, the First Reserve Shareholders or Prudential

Shareholder may make their request for the election or removal of

a director representing the Shareholders of their respective

category by delivering to the other 

Shareholders one or more written instruments signed by the

holders of the Shares representing a majority of the voting power

of the Shares held by the category of Shareholders making the

request.

The right to designate nominees for

directors and to have them elected under this Article shall inure

to the benefit of transferees of Shares pursuant to Articles 5

and 6; provided, however, that such benefits shall not inure to a

person which purchases Shares from Prudential pursuant to Section

5.2 prior to the date of a Change of Control with respect to

Petro.

2.3 For as long as the First Reserve Shareholders

are entitled to designate a director to the Board of Directors,

each First Reserve Shareholder that is a First Reserve

Shareholder on the date hereof (a "Current FRC Shareholder")

shall be entitled to designate a non-voting observer to attend

meetings of the Board of Directors, provided that the aggregate

number of observers and the First Reserve Shareholder director

shall not exceed the number of Current FRC Shareholders. The

Corporation shall provide each such observer with the same notice

of meetings of the Board of Directors as that provided to

6

<PAGE>

directors. Each such observer shall be provided reasonable access

to the books, records and properties of the Corporation and shall

be provided with a reasonable opportunity to discuss the business

and affairs of the Corporation with the officers of the

Corporation, provided that the First Reserve Shareholders shall

cause all information relating to the Corporation that is

provided to such observers to be held in confidence.

3. Certain Action Requiring Super Majority
--------------------------------------------------

Shareholder Vote.
----------------

3.1 The Shareholders shall vote their Shares to

include in the Certificate of Incorporation of Star Gas

provisions that whenever Star Gas shall take any of the actions

specified below, such action may be taken only by the affirmative

vote of the holders of eighty percent (80%) (this percentage

shall be adjusted after the issuance of any Shares after the date

hereof or upon the sale by Prudential of any Shares as provided

in Section 3.2) of the Shares (for this purpose, Shares includes

the Series B and Series D 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred

Stock); provided, however, that (i) so long as Prudential shall

own 10% or more of such Shares no such action shall be taken

without the affirmative vote of Prudential; (ii) so long as First

Reserve Shareholders own any Common Stock no change will be made

to the Certificate of Designation of Star Gas establishing the

relative rights and preferences of the 8% Cumulative Convertible

Preferred Stock and the 12.625% Cumulative Redeemable Preferred

Stock without the affirmative vote of the First Reserve

7

<PAGE>

Shareholders holding a majority of the Common Stock owned by such

category; and (iii) the affirmative vote of a majority of the

holders of Shares of each Shareholder category shall be required

to approve any merger or other business combination in which the

value of the consideration (as determined pursuant to Section

5.7) to be received by any class or series of stock is not equal

to that received by all others:

(a) Any material change in the Certificate

of Incorporation or any Certificate of

Designations establishing the relative

rights and preferences of any class of

preferred stock.

(b) The merger or consolidation of the

Corporation with any other Corporation

if such other Corporation is engaged in

any business other than the sale and

distribution of propane and other

activities which are incidental to such

business, except the merger of any

subsidiary into another subsidiary or

the Corporation.

(c) The liquidation or dissolution of the

Corporation.

(d) Engaging in any business other than the

(i) sale and distribution of propane and

other activities which are incidental to

8

<PAGE>

that business and (ii) the engagement by

Star Gas' Highway division in its

present business activities.

(e) Granting to any employee of Star Gas any

option, warrant or right to purchase any

shares of capital stock of Star Gas.

(f) Except pursuant to the Star Gas Put/Call

Agreement of even date between the

Corporation and Prudential, repurchasing

from any Shareholder any shares of

capital stock of Star Gas except as

contemplated by the express terms of

such capital stock. 

(g) Modifying, amending, repealing or

adopting any By-Law of Star Gas that

would materially alter the rights of any

category of Shareholders.

(h) Any reorganization or recapitalization

of the Corporation or the

reclassification of the Corporation's

capital stock.

(i) Amending, modifying or renewing the

Management Services Agreement.

(j) The sale by the Corporation of any

securities to a Shareholder or any

affiliate of a Shareholder other than

9

<PAGE>

for cash or other than pursuant to the

Petro Option, the FRC Option and the

Management Services Agreement.

3.2 If solely as a result of the sale or issuance

of additional equity securities of the Corporation, Prudential

shall own shares representing less than twenty percent (20%) of

the voting power of all shares entitled to vote on the matters

listed above, then the eighty percent (80%) voting requirement

shall be changed to equal that percentage that is one percentage

greater than 100% minus the actual percentage voting power of

Prudential; provided, however, (i) the percentage voting

requirement shall never exceed ninety percent (90%) and (ii) upon

transfer of Shares by Prudential pursuant to Article 5.2, the

voting percentage shall be reduced to sixty-six and 2/3 percent

(66 2/3%) if at the time of such transfer or any time thereafter

the FRC Shareholders hold less than 20% of the voting power of

all Shares entitled to vote on such matters. Notwithstanding the

foregoing, Sections 3.1 and 3.2 shall terminate at such time that

(a) Prudential holds less than 10% of the voting power of all

Shares entitled to vote on such matters and (b) the FRC

Shareholders hold less than 20% of the voting power of all Shares

entitled to vote on such matters.

It is understood that any sale of the assets or stock

of Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc. ("Petro") or a merger or

consolidation to which Petro is a party, other than a sale to, or

10

<PAGE>

a merger or consolidation with, Star Gas, is not covered by this

Section. 

3.3 The By-Laws of the Corporation shall provide

that a special meeting of Shareholders shall be called by the

Secretary at the request of the holders of a majority of the

Shares held by any category of Shareholders or as otherwise

required by law. 

3.4 Approval of Certain Matters. The affirmative
---------------------------

vote of a majority of the disinterested members of the

Corporation's Board of Directors, including, so long as there are

any Prudential Shareholder directors, at least one Prudential

Shareholder director and one First Reserve Shareholder director,

shall be required for each of the following:

(a) (i) Entering into or modifying any

agreement, arrangement or contract (other

than an agreement or contract for the

issuance or sale of equity securities

governed by Article 4 hereof) between Star

Gas and any Shareholder or any entity or

person controlling, controlled by or under

common control with, any Shareholder, or (ii)

issuing or selling any securities to any

Shareholder or any entity or person

controlling, controlled by or under common

control with, any Shareholder (other than any

issuance or sale of equity securities

11

<PAGE>

governed by Article 4 hereof or any issuance

of equity securities upon the conversion or

exchange of other securities in accordance

with their terms).

(b) Approving the reimbursement of Petro for

services rendered pursuant to Paragraph 4(d)

of that certain Management Services Agreement

dated the date hereof between Petro and Star

Gas.

(c) The exercise by the Corporation of First

Refusal Rights pursuant to this Agreement.

For purposes of this agreement, a "disinterested director" is a

director of the Corporation that does not have any direct or

indirect interest in the relevant matter and who was appointed by

a shareholder group no member of which, nor any affiliate of any

such member, has any direct or indirect interest in the relevant

matter except, in any such case, as a stockholder of Star Gas,

provided that the Holdings Shareholder Directors and the Petro

Shareholder Directors shall be deemed to be independent of each

other and disinterested as to matters only affecting the other,

unless Holdings owns securities representing 5% or more (i) of

the voting power of Petro's voting securities or (ii) in value of

Petro's outstanding equity securities. For purposes of paragraph

(a) above, each member of the Sevin Group shall be deemed to

control Petro.

12

<PAGE>

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at such time as

there are no Prudential Shareholder directors serving the

affirmative vote of the First Reserve Shareholders director shall

be required to take any action with respect to the matters set

forth in subsections (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 3.4.

3.5 The restrictions contained in this Article 3

that are applicable to Star Gas shall also apply to each Company

Subsidiary (as defined in the certain Purchase Agreement) now

existing or hereafter created and any restricted activity shall

not be taken without the required Star Gas director approval.

3.6 In the event the Corporation sells all or

substantially all of its assets, then at the election of

Prudential, all of the Shareholders shall vote their Shares so as

to cause the dissolution and liquidation of the Corporation.

3.7 The provisions of this Article 3 shall

terminate immediately upon the completion of the initial public

offering of the Common Stock of the Corporation.

3.8 All propane distribution business

opportunities that are referred to Petro shall be deemed business

opportunities of the Corporation and not of Petro. Petro may not

avail itself of any such opportunity without the unanimous vote

of the disinterested directors of the Corporation.

4. Sale of Equity Securities.
-------------------------

4.1 If the Board of Directors shall determine

that it is in the best interest of the Corporation to sell equity

securities for cash, then the Corporation may sell such equity

13

<PAGE>

securities provided, however, that prior to such sale the

Corporation shall provide to the Shareholders for a period of 30

days and on a pro rata basis in proportion to the number of

Shares owned by each Shareholder the right to purchase such

equity securities on the same terms and conditions as the

Corporation proposes to sell them. Each Shareholder may elect to

purchase all or any part of its pro rata portion of such

securities and may transfer its pre-emptive rights to one or more

persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with

such Shareholder. In determining the number of Shares of Common

Stock owned by a Shareholder for purposes of this Section, each

Shareholder shall be deemed to own the number of shares of Common

Stock actually owned by it plus the number of shares of Common

Stock issuable to it upon the conversion of the 8% Cumulative

Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company owned by such

Shareholder. Any Shareholder may condition its election to

purchase such equity securities on any one or more Shareholders

also electing to purchase such equity securities. Subject to the

preceding sentence, to the extent that all or any portion of such

equity securities are not purchased and paid for by the

Shareholders within such 30 day period, the Corporation may sell

such unpurchased securities on substantially the same terms and

conditions for a period of 120 days following the expiration of

such 30 day period. To the extent that such equity securities

are not sold during such period of 120 days, this section shall

apply to any future sale. The provisions of this Section 4.1

14

<PAGE>

shall terminate immediately upon the completion of the initial

public offering of Common Stock of the Corporation.

4.2 The Shareholders agree to cause the

Corporation to change its capital 

structure immediately prior to any initial offering of equity

securities of the Corporation to the public. The new capital

structure shall require that each Shareholder contribute ten

percent (10%) of the Shares that it holds at such time to the

Corporation in return for an equal number of shares of Class C

Common Stock having the terms contained in the Amended and

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Star Gas in effect on

the date hereof. In such event, the provisions of this Agreement

that relate to the Shares will terminate with respect to the

Shares and will instead apply to the shares of such Class C

Common Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, holders of Class B

Common Stock (non-voting) may elect in writing not to exchange

their Shares for Class C Common Stock. Such election shall be

irrevocable.

5. No Shares of the Corporation shall be sold, trans-

ferred, hypothecated, negotiated, pledged, assigned, encumbered

or otherwise disposed of by any Shareholder, except as herein

provided in accordance with the following procedures and the

procedures set forth in Article 6:

5.1 Any Shareholder may transfer all or any por-

tion of his Shares to any other Shareholder in its category of

15

<PAGE>

Shareholders, and Holdings may transfer its shares to Petro, free

of the First Offer Right and First Refusal Right referred to

below. Following any Change of Control with respect to Petro,

Prudential and each of the FRC Shareholders may transfer its

Shares free of any restrictions imposed by this Agreement. A

Shareholder may transfer Shares to any other person or entity

controlling, controlled by or under common control with it, free

of the First Refusal Right, and Prudential may transfer Shares to

any portfolio or fund managed or advised by Prudential or any of

its affiliates without restriction. In addition, the First

Reserve Shareholders may pledge their Shares to Brooklyn Union

Gas or a wholly owned subsidiary thereof or transfer the pledged

Shares subject to Section 5.4 hereof.

5.2 In addition to any rights it may have under

Section 5.3 below, Prudential may sell Shares to a Qualified

Purchaser provided it has granted a right to purchase such Shares

("First Offer Right") first to the Corporation and then to Petro

and Holdings as follows:

(a) Prudential shall give notice to the

Corporation and to Petro and Holdings stating its intention of

offer for sale a number of Shares, the number of Shares intended

to be so offered, the price at which such Shares will be offered

and any other terms of the Offer.

(b) Petro and Holdings shall have the First

Offer Right for a period of 30 days to purchase all, but not less

than all, of the Shares described in the notice and on a pro rata

16

<PAGE>

basis (or on such other proportions as they may agree upon) on

the same terms and conditions and at the same price.

(c) If the First Offer Right is not

exercised in its entirety as provided above, then no Shares shall

be purchased pursuant to this Section 5.2 and Prudential, subject

to the conditions set forth in Article 6, may sell such Shares to

a Qualified Purchaser (and to no other purchaser) in accordance

with the terms and at a price not less than the price specified

in the notice during the period of 120 days following the

expiration of the First Offer Right. 

(d) If such Shares are not sold as provided

herein within such period of 120 days, this Article 5 shall apply

to any future offer.

5.3 No Shareholder (other than sales by

Prudential pursuant to Section 5.2) ("Offeror Shareholder") may

sell any Shares until it has granted a right to purchase its

shares ("First Refusal Right") first to the Corporation and then

to the other Shareholders, including Prudential, as follows:

(a) If an Offeror Shareholder receives from

a third party or third parties (other than an underwriter in

connection with any public offering of Shares) a bonafide offer

or offers ("First Refusal Offer") to purchase or otherwise

acquire all or a portion of its Shares, it shall provide written

notice ("First Refusal Notice") to the Corporation and the other

Shareholders of the terms of the First Refusal Offer which shall

identify the purchaser(s), the number of Shares subject to the

17

<PAGE>

First Refusal Offer, the price and all other terms and

conditions. If the First Refusal Offer consists in part or in

whole of consideration other than cash, the Offeror Shareholder

shall provide such information as may be reasonably necessary to

analyze the non-cash component of the consideration, together

with the Offeror Shareholder's estimate of the fair value of such

non-cash component.

(b) Subject to subsection 5.3(d), for a

period of 15 days from the receipt of such notice, the

Corporation shall have the First Refusal Right to purchase all or

any portion of the Shares described in the First Refusal Notice

on the same terms and conditions and at the same price specified

in the First Refusal Notice.

(c) Subject to subsection 5.3(d), if the

First Refusal Right is not exercised in its entirety by the

Corporation, then the other Shareholders shall have the First

Refusal Right for an additional period of 15 days to purchase the

remaining Shares described in the First Refusal Notice on a pro

rata basis (or in such other proportions as they may agree upon)

on the same terms and conditions and at the same price as

described in the First Refusal Notice.

(d) If the First Refusal Right is not

exercised in its entirety as to all of the Shares as described

above, then no Shares shall be purchased pursuant to this Section

5.3 and the Offeror Shareholder may sell such Shares in

accordance with the First Refusal Offer during the period of 120

18

<PAGE>

days following the expiration of the First Refusal Right and to

the extent such Shares are not sold as provided herein within

such period of 120 days, this Article 5 shall apply to any future

offer.

5.4 Any transferee of shares, pursuant to Article

5 or 6 hereof, shall execute this Agreement. Any such transferee

shall become a member of the same category of Shareholders as its

transferor.

5.5 Any Shareholder entitled to take action

during a time period specified in 

this Article 5 may waive the duration of such period and agree to

a time period of a shorter 

duration.

5.6 Immediately upon completion of the initial

public offering of Common Stock of the Corporation, the

provisions of this Article 5 shall apply only to the

Corporation's Class C Common Stock and shall terminate with

respect to all other classes of Common Stock. 

5.7 For purposes of Article 5 and Article 6, the

terms of any sale of Shares of one class or series of securities

(the "First Securities") shall be deemed to be the same as those

for another class or series of securities (the "Second

Securities") if (i) (A) the consideration received in such sale

for each Share of the First Securities divided by the number of

Shares of common stock of the Corporation which each Share of the

First Security could be converted into based on the relevant

19

<PAGE>

conversion ratio for such security in effect immediately

preceding such sale equals (B) the consideration received in such

sale for each Share of the Second Securities divided by one (if

the Second Security is common stock of the Corporation) or (in

all other cases) the number of Shares of common stock for the

Corporation which each Share of the Second Security could be

converted into based on the exchange ratio for such security in

effect immediately preceding such sale and (ii) all other terms

of the sale of the First Securities and the Second Securities are

the same.

5.8 Any party that acquires Shares of any First

Reserve Shareholder or the Prudential Shareholder shall agree in

writing to assume such party's obligations in respect of such

shares under the Shareholders Put/Call Agreement of even date

herewith in the event that such assumption is required by the

terms of the Shareholder Put/Call Agreement.

5.9 For purposes of this Agreement, the following

definitions shall apply:

"Qualified Purchaser" means:

(i) existing shareholders of the

Corporation;

(ii) insurance companies with

assets of not less than

$1,000,000,000;

(iii) commercial banks and

investments banks with

20

<PAGE>

assets of not less than

$1,000,000,000; and

(iv) investment managers (including

mutual funds and pension

funds) with assets under

management of not less than

$1,000,000,000.

"Change of Control" means the occurrence

of any event which results in the number of directors of Petro's

Board of Directors who are designated by the Sevin Group (in an

individual or fiduciary capacity) in accordance with a

shareholders agreement dated as of July 28, 1992 among Petro and

certain shareholders constituting less than a majority of the

Board. "Sevin Group" shall mean, collectively, the Estate of

Malvin P. Sevin, Audrey L. Sevin, Irik P. Sevin, Thomas J.

Edelman, Margot Gordon and Phillip Ean Cohen. 

6. Tag Along Rights. (a)(i) If any Shareholder
-----------------

entitled to sell Shares pursuant to Section 5.2 or 5.3 (the

"Tag-along Offering Holders") receives from a third party or

third parties (other than from an underwriter in connection with

any public offering of Shares) a bona fide offer or offers to

purchase or otherwise acquire, in one transaction or any series

of similar transactions not subject to Section 5.1 (a "Tag-along

Transfer Offer"), a number of Shares representing at least 5% of

the then outstanding Shares (the "Tag-along Transfer Stock"),

such Tag-along Offering Holders shall then cause the Tag-along

21

<PAGE>

Transfer Offer to be reduced to writing and shall provide written

notice (the "Tag-along Transfer Notice") of such Tag-along

Transfer Offer to the Corporation and the Corporation shall

provide written notice of such Tag-along Transfer Notice to each

of the other Shareholders (the "Tag-along Transfer Offerees") in

the manner set forth in this Section. The Tag-along Transfer

Notice shall contain a true and correct copy of the Tag-along

Transfer Offer. In addition, the Tag-along Transfer Notice shall

identify the third party, the Tag-along Transfer Stock, the price

contained in the Tag-along Transfer Offer, the estimated expenses

associated with the sale, all the other terms and conditions of

the Tag-along Transfer Offer and, in the case of a Tag-along

Transfer Offer in which the consideration payable for Shares

consists in part or in whole of consideration other than cash,

such information as may be reasonably necessary to analyze the

non-cash component of the consideration, together with the

Tag-along Offering Holders' reasonable estimate of the fair value

of such non-cash component.

The Tag-along Transfer Offerees shall have the right

and option, exercisable as set forth below, to accept the

Tag-along Transfer Offer for up to such number of Shares as is

determined in accordance with the provisions of this Section

6(a). The terms of any sale of Shares by a Tag-along Transfer

Offeree pursuant to the exercise of its option under this Section

shall be the same terms as those for the sale of such Shares by

22

<PAGE>

the Tag-along Offering Holders; provided that any indemnity given
--------

by the sellers to the purchasers in connection with such sale

shall be apportioned among all the sellers according to the

consideration to be received by each seller. Each Tag-along

Transfer Offeree that desires to exercise such option shall

provide the Tag-along Offering Holder with written irrevocable

notice (specifying the number of shares of the Tag-along Transfer

Stock as to which such Tag-along Transfer Offeree is accepting

the offer) within 15 days after the date the Tag-along Transfer

Notice is received ("Tag-along Notice Period"), and shall

simultaneously provide a copy of such notice to the Corporation

and the other Tag-along Transfer Offerees. Such written notice

may not be withdrawn or modified at any time. At the expiration

of the Tag-along Notice Period each accepting Tag-along Transfer

Offeree shall, simultaneously with such expiration, deliver to

the Corporation (or such other person as may be agreed between

the Tag-along Offering Holder and the accepting Tag-along

Transfer Offeree) to be held by such person for sale or return

upon the terms of this Section 6, the certificate or certificates

representing the Shares to be sold or otherwise disposed of

pursuant to such Tag-along Transfer Offer by such Tag-along

Transfer Offeree, duly endorsed, together with a limited

power-of-attorney authorizing the Tag-along Offering Holder to

sell or otherwise dispose of such Shares pursuant to the terms of

the Tag-along Transfer Offer. 

23

<PAGE>

(ii) Each Tag-along Transfer Offeree shall have the

right to sell, pursuant to the Tag-along Transfer Offer, an

amount of Shares equal to the amount specified in such person's

notice, or if less an amount of Shares equal to the product of

(A) the total number of Shares of Tag-along Transfer Stock

(including the shares of any Tag-along Transfer Offeree) to be

sold pursuant to such Tag-along Transfer Offer, times (B) a

fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of

Shares held by such Tag-along Transfer Offeree, and the

denominator of which shall be the total number of Shares held by

all Tag-along Transfer Offerees that are accepting such Offer and

the Tag-along Offering Holders. For purposes of this paragraph,

Shares held by any Shareholder shall include (without

duplication) Shares held by any affiliate of such shareholder,

and Shares then issuable upon exercise of all warrants or options

then held by such persons. The aggregate of such Shares for

which Tag-along Transfer Offerees have elected to sell pursuant

to this Section 6 shall be referred to as the "Tag-along Transfer

Offeree Shares."

(iii) Promptly after the consummation of the sale or

other disposition of the Shares of the Tag-along Offering Holder

and the Tag-along Transfer Offerees to the third party pursuant

to the Tag-along Transfer Offer and in any event no later than

one business day after such consummation, the Tag-along Offering

Holder shall notify the Tag-along Transfer Offerees thereof,

24

<PAGE>

shall remit to each of the Tag-along Transfer Offerees the total

sales price of the Shares of such Tag-along Transfer Offeree sold

or otherwise disposed of pursuant thereto (after deduction of

such Tag-along Transfer Offeree's proportionate share of the out-

of-pocket expenses associated with such sale based on the number

of Shares sold by the Tag-along Offering Holder and each

Tag-along Transfer Offeree), and shall furnish such other

evidence of the expenses associated with and the completion and

time of completion of such sale or other disposition and the

terms thereof as may be reasonably requested by the Tag-along

Transfer Offerees.

(iv) If at the termination of the Tag-along Notice

Period any Tag-along Transfer Offeree shall not have accepted the

offer contained in the Tag-along Transfer Notice with respect to

any Tag-along Transfer Offer, such Tag-along Transfer Offeree

will be deemed to have waived any of and all of its rights under

this Section 6 with respect to the sale or other disposition of

its Tag-along Transfer Offeree Shares pursuant to such Tag-along

Transfer Offer. The Tag-along Offering Holders shall have 120

days in which to sell the Tag-along Transfer Stock and Tag-along

Transfer Offeree Shares not otherwise excluded pursuant to the

previous sentence, to the third party, at a price not higher than

that contained in the Tag-along Transfer Notice and on terms not

more favorable to the Tag-along Offering Holder than were

contained in the Tag-along Transfer Notice. Promptly after any

25

<PAGE>

sale pursuant to this Section 6, the Tag-along Offering Holder

shall notify the Corporation of the consummation thereof and

shall furnish such evidence of the completion thereof (including

time of completion) of such sale and of the terms of the terms

thereof as the Corporation may request. If, at the end of such

60 day period (or such longer period, as aforesaid), the

Tag-along Offering Holder has not completed the sale of all the

Tag-along Transfer Stock and Tag-along Transfer Offeree Shares,

the Tag-along Offering Holder shall return to such Tag-along

Transfer Offerees all certificates representing the Shares which

such Tag-along Transfer Offerees delivered for sale or other

disposition pursuant to this Section 6(a), and all the

restrictions on sale or other disposition contained in this

Agreement with respect to Shares owned by the Tag-along Offering

Holder shall again be in effect.

(v) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section

6, there shall be no liability on the part of the Tag-along

Offering Holder to any Tag-along Transfer Offeree if the sale of

Shares to a third party is not consummated for whatever reason.

Whether to effect a sale of Shares pursuant to this Section 6 by

the Tag-along Offering Holder is in the sole and absolute

discretion of such Tag-along Offering Holder.

(b) The failure by any Tag-along Transfer Offeree to

exercise its First Offer Right or First Refusal Right pursuant to

26

<PAGE>

Article 5 shall not affect the rights of such person to exercise

its Tag-along rights pursuant to Article 6, including its right

to exercise its Tag-along Rights in connection with the sale of

Tag-along Transfer Stock. 

(c) The Tag-along Offering Holders shall cause any

third party purchasing Shares hereunder to assume the obligations

of the relevant Tag-along Transfer Offerees under the Shareholder

Put/Call Agreement of even date herewith in respect of the

relevant Shares.

(d) The provisions of this Article 6 shall terminate

immediately upon completion of the initial public offering of

Common Stock of the Corporation. 

7. Financial Statements. During the term of this
--------------------

Agreement, the Corporation covenants and agrees that it shall

furnish to each Shareholder (i) within ninety (90) days after the

end of each fiscal year of the Corporation a consolidated balance

sheet of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as at the end of

such fiscal year and consolidated statements of income (loss),

stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Corporation and its

subsidiaries for such fiscal year audited by the Corporation's

regularly employed, nationally-recognized firm of independent

public accountants in accordance with generally accepted account-

ing principles applied on the basis consistently maintained

throughout the period involved, (ii) within forty-five (45) days

after the close of each fiscal quarter the financial statements

27

<PAGE>

referred to in clause "(i)" which shall be prepared by the

Corporation and need not be covered by the report of any

independent public accountants. With each quarterly and annual

financial report, the Corporation shall deliver a list of

shareholders including their respective equity security holdings.

The Corporation shall deliver to each Shareholder a description

of any action taken by written consent of directors or

shareholders in lieu of a meeting promptly after such action is

taken. The Corporation shall also deliver to each Shareholder a

true and complete copy of each report, including but not limited

to audit reports, review reports, special reports, reports on

internal controls and management reports, submitted by a firm of

certified public accountants to the Corporation or its board of

directors promptly after the Corporation or board receives such

report. Upon the request of any Shareholder, the Corporation

shall promptly deliver to such Shareholder the information

specified in paragraph (d)(4) of Rule 144A under the Securities

Act of 1933. Additionally, during normal business hours, the

Corporation shall permit each Shareholder reasonable access to

the books and records of the Corporation and shall make available

to representatives of each Shareholder, employees of the

Corporation to explain such books and records and financial

statements. The provisions of this Section shall terminate

immediately upon a class of equity securities of the Corporation

becoming subject to the periodic reporting requirements of

Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

28

<PAGE>

8. The parties agree that it is impossible to

determine the monetary damages which will accrue to a Shareholder

by reason of a failure of any other Shareholder to perform any of

the obligations under this Agreement requiring the performance of

an act other than the payment of money only. Therefore, if any

party hereto shall institute any action or proceeding in equity

to enforce the provisions hereof, any person (including the

Corporation) against whom such equitable action or proceeding is

brought hereby waives the claim or defense therein that such

party or such legal representative has an adequate remedy at law,

and such person shall not urge in such equitable action or

proceeding the claim or defense that such remedy at law exists.

9. In the event that any of the covenants, terms or

conditions of this Agreement are held illegal and in the further

event that director and/or shareholder action, including, but not

by way of limitation, the execution of any documents or instru-

ments, such as an amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation

of the Corporation, will make such covenants, terms or conditions

legal and enforceable, each of the parties hereto hereby agrees

that he shall take such action as may reasonably be required to

make any such covenant, term or condition valid and enforceable.

In the event that any of the parties hereto refuses to take such

action, the remaining Shareholders who are parties hereto are

hereby jointly and severally appointed as the attorney-in-fact

for the other Shareholders for the purpose of taking any action

29

<PAGE>

that is authorized by the terms of this paragraph, including, but

not limited to:

(a) The voting of the other Shareholder's

shares.

(b) The removal of the Shareholder or his

appointee(s) in breach of this paragraph as a director.

(c) The nomination and election of a new

director for the purpose of initiating and completing such action

as may be required to make any illegal or unenforceable covenant,

term or condition of this Agreement valid and enforceable.

(d) The signing of any document or

certificate, including, but not limited to an amendment to the

Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, which will make

said invalid and/or unenforceable covenant, term or condition

valid and enforceable.

10. The Shareholders agree that the following legends

shall be placed upon each certificate representing all or a

portion of their Shares:

"Transfer, hypothecation, negotiation, pledge,
sale, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition
of this share certificate and the shareholdings
represented hereby are restricted by and are
subject to all of the terms, conditions and
provisions of a certain agreement entered into
between certain of the shareholders and the
Corporation as of December 21, 1993, as amended, a
copy of which is on file with the Secretary at the
principal office of the Corporation."

11. Any controversy arising out of or in any way

relating to this Agreement including any modification or amend-

30

<PAGE>

ment thereof, shall be resolved by arbitration in the City of New

York, pursuant to the rules then obtaining of the American Arbi-

tration Association. The parties agree that the arbitrators

sitting in any such controversy shall have no power or jurisdic-

tion to alter or modify any express provision of this Agreement,

or to make any award which by its terms effects such alteration

or modification. The parties hereto hereby consent to (a) the

application of the Federal Arbitration Statutes (b) the jurisdic-

tion of the Supreme Court of the State of New York and of the

United States District Court for the Southern District of New

York for all purposes in connection with said arbitration and (c)

that any notice, process or notice of motion or other application

to either of said Courts or Judges thereof or of any notice in

connection therewith any arbitration hereunder, may be served in

or out of the State or Southern District of New York by certified

or registered mail return receipt requested or by personal ser-

vice, provided a reasonable time for appearance is allowed, or in

such other manner as may be permitted under the Rules of the

American Arbitration Association or of either of said Courts.

Judgment upon the award rendered may be entered by any court

having jurisdiction. Any provisional remedy which, but for this

Agreement to arbitrate disputes, would be available at law shall

be available to the parties hereto pending arbitration.

12. (a) This Agreement will terminate upon the

occurrence of any of the following events:

31

<PAGE>

(i) adjudication of the Corporation as

bankrupt or insolvent;

(ii) appointment of a receiver or trustee

for all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation;

(iii) the making by the Corporation of

an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or the admission

in writing by the Corporation of its inability to pay its debts

generally as they become due; or

(iv) the dissolution of the Corporation.

None of the events referred to above shall effect any

obligations theretofore incurred by the Corporation or any Share-

holder pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) This Agreement may be modified or rescinded

only with the written consent of the Corporation and all of the

Shareholders.

13. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of

the parties concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersedes

any and all prior agreements and amendments among the

parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof, which prior

agreements are hereby canceled. The Shareholders Agreement,

dated January 30, 1987, and as subsequently amended, between the

Corporation and the First Reserve Shareholders has been

terminated and canceled pursuant to a separate agreement. This

Agreement shall terminate ten years from the date hereof and

shall be automatically renewed for successive ten-year periods

thereafter unless the parties hereto agree otherwise in writing. 

32

<PAGE>

14. If any provision of this Agreement is held

invalid, such invalidity shall not affect the other provisions

hereof which can be given effect without the invalid provision,

and to this end the provisions of this Agreement are intended to

be and shall be deemed severable.

15. Any and all notices, requests, demands or other

communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed

given if delivered personally or sent by certified or registered

mail, postage prepaid, to each of the parties at the addresses

set forth at the end of this Agreement or to such addresses as

may from time to time be designated by any of them in writing by

notice similarly given to all parties in accordance with this

paragraph. Copies of all such notices, requests, demands or

other communications shall be sent to:

(a) If to the Petro Shareholder or to the
Corporation, to:

Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc.
Clearwater House
2187 Atlantic Street
Stamford, Connecticut 06902
Attn: George Leibowitz
Senior Vice President

with a copy to:

Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim & Ballon
31 West 52nd Street
New York, NY 10019
Attn: Alan Shapiro, Esq.

(b) If to the Holdings Shareholder, to:

Hanseatic Corporation
450 Park Avenue - Suite 2302
New York, NY 10022

33

<PAGE>

Attn: Paul Biddelman

(c) If to the First Reserve Shareholders, to:

First Reserve Corporation
475 Steamboat Road
Greenwich, CT 06830
Attn: William E. Macaulay

(d) If to the Prudential Shareholder, to:

The Prudential Insurance Company of America
c/o Prudential Financial Restructuring Group
Four Gateway Center - 9th Fl.
100 Mulberry Street
Newark, New Jersey 07102-4069
Attn: Managing Director
Fax: (201) 802-2662

with a copy to:

Willkie Farr & Gallagher
One Citicorp Center
153 East 53rd Street
New York, New York 10022-4669
Attn: Duncan Stewart, Esq.
Fax: (212) 821-8111

(e) If to Star Gas, to:

Star Gas Corporation 
500 Birchfield Drive
Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054
Attn: William Powers

with a copy to:

Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering
2445 M Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20037
Attn: Richard Cass, Esq.

Notices under this Agreement shall be deemed delivered on the

date delivered personally to the recipient or on the date post-

marked by the United States Post Office, as the case may be.

34

<PAGE>

16. Waiver by any party of any breach of this Agree-

ment or failure to exercise any right hereunder shall not be

deemed to be a waiver of any other breach or right. The failure

of any party to take action by reason of any such breach or to

exercise any such right shall not deprive such party of the right

to take action at any time while such breach or condition giving

rise to such right continues.

17. As used in this Agreement, the masculine pronouns

shall refer to male or female persons or corporate entities where

such construction is required to give meaning to a provision

contained herein.

18. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to

the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the

parties hereto, provided, however, that the provisions of this

paragraph shall not alter the provisions contained in this

Agreement restricting transfer of the shareholdings in the

Corporation. 

19. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in

accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

35

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto set their

hands and the corporate seal the day and year first above

written.

PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC. STAR GAS CORPORATION

By: /s/ George Leibowitz By: /s/ Robert M. Cherry
------------------------- --------------------------
George Leibowitz Robert M. Cherry
Senior Vice President Senior Vice President

AMERICAN GAS & OIL INVESTORS AmGO II

By: First Reserve First Reserve 
Corporation, Corporation,
as Managing General Partner, as Managing General
Partner,

By: /s/ William Macaulay By: /s/ William Macaulay
------------------------- -------------------------
William Macaulay William Macaulay
Managing Director Managing Director

AmGO III

By: First Reserve 
Corporation,
as Managing General Partner, THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE
COMPANY OF AMERICA

By: /s/ William Macaulay By: /s/ Jeff Diamond
--------------------------- ---------------------
William Macaulay Jeff Diamond
Managing Director Vice President

FIRST RESERVE SECURED ENERGY ASSETS STAR GAS HOLDINGS, INC.
FUND, L.P.

By: First Reserve Corporation, 
as Managing General Partner, By: /s/ Paul Biddelman
---------------------
Name: Paul Biddelman

By: /s/ William Macaulay
--------------------------
William Macaulay
Managing Director

FRC STAR GAS, INC.

By: /s/ William Macaulay
--------------------------
William Macaulay
Managing Director

36
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5

<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT
-----------------------------

MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT made as of this 21st day

of December, 1993 by and between STAR GAS CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation with offices at 500 Birchfield Dr., Mt. Laurel, NJ

08054 (the "Company") and PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC., a

Minnesota corporation with offices at 2187 Atlantic Street,

Stamford, CT 06902 ("Petro").

W I T N E S S E T H :
- - - - - - - - - -

WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in the business of

propane distribution; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain Petro to provide

executive, financial, and managerial oversight services to it on

the terms herein set forth, and Petro has capability enabling it

to provide such services and is agreeable to providing the same

on such terms:

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual

covenants herein contained, it is hereby agreed as follows:

1. Term and Duties.
---------------

For the ten-year period commencing on the date

hereof unless sooner terminated pursuant to the provisions of

paragraph 7 hereof (the "Term"), Petro shall provide executive,

financial, and managerial oversight services to the Company and

the Company's subsidiaries from time to time. It is understood

that all persons who will provide services to the Company will be

employees of Petro and will also have such other duties with

- 2 -

<PAGE>

Petro, and that, therefore, none of said persons will devote full

business time to the business of the Company, but that they will

devote thereto only such time as may be necessary from time to

time properly to perform their duties.

2. Degree of Care.
--------------

Petro shall use its best efforts to perform its

services, and to cause its personnel to perform their services,

hereunder in a professional manner and with due care, but shall

have no liability to the Company for any act or omission except

for wilful default or gross negligence.

3. Fee.
---

In full consideration and compensation for the

services to be furnished by Petro to the Company and its

subsidiaries during the Term, the Company will pay to Petro and

Petro will accept (i) a basic fee of $500,000 per year, payable

in cash in equal monthly installments of $41,666.67, plus (ii) an

annual bonus fee equal to five percent (5%) of the increase, if

any, in the EBITDA (as defined below) of the Company for each

fiscal year of the Company ending during the Term beginning with

the fiscal year ending September 30, 1994 over the EBITDA of the

Company for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 1993,

payable no later than 30 days after the issuance of the audited

annual financial statements of the Company with respect to a

fiscal year, in the case of the bonus fee, in shares of common

stock of the Company at a per share price equal to (a)(i) the

product of the EBITDA of the Company for the immediately

- 3 -

<PAGE>

preceding fiscal year multiplied by 5.5, (ii) minus the amount of

Long-Term Obligations of the Company as defined in the

Shareholder Put/Call Agreement dated as of December 21, 1993 (the

"Put/Call Agreement") (iii) plus the amount of net working

capital of the Company as of the last day of the preceding fiscal

year in excess of $4,000,000 and (iv) plus the amount of proceeds

that would be received by the Company from the exercise of all

options, warrants and other rights to purchase securities of the

Company outstanding on the last day of the preceding fiscal year

to the extent such shares are included in Fully Diluted Shares

(as defined below) of the Company divided by (b) the number of

Fully Diluted Shares of the Company.

The term "Fully Diluted Shares" means with respect

to the Company, as of the date of determination, the number of

shares of Common Stock of the Company actually issued and

outstanding, plus the number of shares issuable upon the

conversion of the 8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, plus

the number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to that

certain option dated as of December 21, 1993 granted by the

Company to Petro, plus the number of shares of Common Stock

issuable pursuant to all other options, warrants and similar

rights to purchase Common Stock, and plus the number of shares of

Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of any other class of

convertible securities of the Corporation; provided, however,

that only those options, warrants and similar rights to purchase

shares of Common Stock, that have an exercise price that is less

than either (i) the average of the then current Put Option Price

- 4 -

<PAGE>

and the then current Call Option Price as set forth in the

Shareholder Put/Call Agreement dated as of December 21, 1993 (the

"Put/Call Agreement") (provided, however, that for purposes of

this calculation, Section 1.3(a)(ii)(B) of the Put/Call Agreement

shall not apply) or (ii) if the Common Stock is publicly traded,

the average of the last reported sales price for the shares of

Common Stock for the 10 trading days preceding the date on which

the option, warrant or similar right is exercised as reported by

the NASDAQ National Market System, or if a class of stock is not

included in the NASDAQ National Market System, then on the stock

exchange or listing service on which such class is included

(provided, however, that if no such sales prices exist, then the

formula set forth in (i) above applies) shall be deemed to be

included in this definition.

The term "EBITDA" means consolidated income before

interest, depreciation and amortization and income taxes

excluding gains or losses from the sale of assets other than in

the ordinary course of business, non-recurring gains and losses,

extraordinary items and the costs of restructuring, all

calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting

principles as reported in the Company's audited year-end

financial statements; provided that consolidated income of any

other person (other than a corporation of which a majority of the

capital stock having voting power under ordinary circumstances to

elect a majority of the board of directors is owned by the

Company or a subsidiary) will be included only to the extent of

dividends and distributions received by the Company. EBITDA

- 5 -

<PAGE>

shall include (without duplication) EBITDA (defined in the same

manner as in this Agreement) of each business (on a pro forma

basis) which has been acquired during the applicable fiscal year

of Star Gas using the pro forma adjustments comparable to those

customarily made by Petro in reporting of its acquisitions of

businesses on filings with the United States Securities &

Exchange Commission pursuant to the periodic reporting

requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The shares issuable in payment of the bonus fee

shall be issued when the amount of the bonus fee, if any, is

calculated.

The Company shall also grant to Petro an option to

purchase shares of the common stock of the Company in accordance

with, and on the terms and conditions set forth in, the Option

Agreement annexed hereto as Exhibit A.

4. Expenses.
--------

(a) During the Term, the personnel of Petro

assigned to perform duties hereunder will engage in such travel

as may be reasonably required in connection with the performance

of those duties. The Company will pay (or reimburse) all such

reasonable expenses upon submission of proper documentation.

(b) The Company will pay for, or reimburse Petro

for, all equipment and supplies bought by Petro and specifically

dedicated to the purposes of this Agreement (e.g. computer

supplies). Petro shall not be entitled to reimbursement of

incidental expense (e.g. use of Petro's offices) for purposes

hereof.

- 6 -

<PAGE>

(c) Petro will pay all salaries, wages, bonuses,

Blue Cross and other insurance expenses, pension fund payments,

payroll taxes and withholding and the like applicable to its

employees furnishing services hereunder, without right of reim-

bursement by the Company, except to the extent specified in

Section 4(d) hereof.

(d) The Company shall reimburse Petro for the

actual cost of services provided to the Company by Petro (other

than services provided by Irik P. Sevin, C. Justin McCarthy,

George Leibowitz and George Russell or their respective

successors in the offices of Chairman of the Board, Chief

Executive Officer, President, Senior Vice President - Operations,

Senior Vice President - Finance and Corporate Development and

Senior Vice President - Marketing) based on Petro's total

compensation cost (the components of total compensation cost are

set forth in Exhibit B annexed hereto) for persons providing such

services and the amount of time such employee actually spends on

matters directly related to the Company and its operations. The

reimbursement fee shall be based on reasonable rates taking into

account such employee's annual compensation from Petro; provided,

however, that in no event shall the amount of such reimbursement

be greater than the amount the Company would be required to pay

to an independent third party. Petro shall maintain time records

and shall provide the Company with a monthly statement for such

reimbursement fee, which the Company shall promptly pay. After

the financial statements become available for the quarter ended

March 31 and the year ended September 30, Petro shall submit to

- 7 -

<PAGE>

the Company's Board of Directors the monthly statements for

reimbursement and the supporting records for the immediately

preceding six months, which the disinterested directors shall

review as to reasonableness. Annually, the disinterested

directors, with the assistance of the Company's independent

public accountants, shall review the reasonableness of such

monthly statements. If a majority of the disinterested directors

determines to terminate the reimbursement of Petro for certain

services, Petro and such directors shall agree on a procedure for

the orderly termination of the provision of such services and a

reimbursement of Petro that is appropriate in the circumstances.

(e) The Company will indemnify to the full extent

permitted by law the personnel of Petro who perform services

hereunder against any claims which may be made against them by

reason thereof.

5. Confidentiality; Propane Operations.
-----------------------------------

(a) All business opportunities which are referred

to Petro during the Term in the propane distribution business

shall be deemed business opportunities of the Company and not of

Petro. Petro may not avail itself of any such opportunity

without the unanimous vote of the disinterested director of the

Company. 

(b) The Company acknowledges that Petro is

engaged in the #2 fuel oil business, and also is engaged in

propane operations in two locations in Massachusetts, one

location in Connecticut and one location in Rhode Island (the

"Propane Operations") and that all persons who perform services

- 8 -

<PAGE>

for the Company pursuant to this Agreement will be full time

employees of Petro and that their primary loyalty is to Petro.

The mere fact of Petro's business activities as described above

and the use of such employees to perform services for Petro shall

in no way give rise to any liability of Petro or such employees

under this Agreement. Business opportunities which are referred

to Petro during the Term in any business other than the

distribution of propane shall be deemed to be business

opportunities of Petro and not of the Company.

(c) In the event that Petro receives a bona fide

written offer (the "Offer") which it desires to accept for the

purchase of some or all of its Propane Operations (the

"Disposition Propane Assets"), other than a sale of Petro or all

or substantially all of its assets, Petro shall give written

notice to the Board of Directors of the terms of such Offer.

Within 30 days after the receipt of such notice, a majority of

the disinterested directors shall notify Petro in writing of

whether the Company will purchase such Propane Operations on the

terms of such Offer. If the Company does not agree to purchase

the Disposition Propane Assets on the terms of such Offer, or

having so agreed fails to consummate such purchase within 90 days

after receipt of such notice, Petro may sell the Disposition

Propane Assets in accordance with the terms and conditions of the

Offer after which this paragraph shall apply only to any future

offer to purchase other assets of the Propane Operations as well

as any Disposition Propane Assets not sold pursuant to the Offer.

- 9 -

<PAGE>

6. Relationship Between Parties.
----------------------------

The parties are not partners or joint venturers,

and neither shall have any power or right to incur any liability

on behalf of the other party; provided, however, that any of the

personnel of Petro elected an officer of the Company, shall have

power to obligate the Company as appropriate for his office.

Each party shall discharge its own debt and obligations without

recourse against the other.

7. Defaults.
--------

The following shall constitute events of default:

(a) The failure of the Company to pay Petro any

sums due it hereunder within ten (10) days of written demand

therefor by Petro.

(b) The failure of either party to perform, keep

or fulfill in any material respect any of the other covenants,

undertakings, obligations or conditions set forth in this

Agreement or the failure of Petro to perform the services

required under this Agreement with the degree of care set forth

in Paragraph 2 hereof, and the continuance of such default for a

period of thirty (30) days after notice of said failure.

Upon the occurrence of any of the events of

default, the non-defaulting party may give to the defaulting

party notice of intention to terminate this Agreement and upon

the expiration of a period of sixty (60) days from the date of

such notice specifying the cause therefor and if the defaulting

party shall fail to cure such defaults before the 60 day period

should expire, this Agreement shall terminate.

- 10 -

<PAGE>

The rights granted hereunder shall not be in

substitution for, but shall be in addition to, any rights and

remedies available to the non-defaulting party hereunder by

reason of applicable provisions of law.

8. Waiver.
------

The failure of either party to insist upon a

strict performance of any of the terms or provisions of this

Agreement or to exercise any option, right or remedy herein

contained, shall not be construed as a waiver or as a

relinquishment for the future of such term, provision, option,

right or remedy, but the same shall continue and remain in full

force and effect. No waiver by either party of any term or

provision hereof shall be deemed to have been made unless

expressed in writing and signed by such party. In the event of

consent by either party to an assignment of this Agreement, no

further assignment shall be made without the express consent in

writing of such party, unless such assignment may otherwise be

made without such consent pursuant to the terms of this

Agreement. In the event that any portion of this Agreement shall

be declared invalid by order, decree or judgment of a court, this

Agreement shall be construed as if such portion had not been

inserted herein except when such construction would operate as an

undue hardship to Petro or the Company or constitute a

substantial deviation from the general intent and purpose of said

parties as reflected in this Agreement.

9. Assignment.
----------

- 11 -

<PAGE>

Neither party shall assign or transfer or permit

the assignment or transfer of this Agreement, or it rights or

obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the

other; provided, however, that the sale of substantially all the

assets of Petro to, or the merger of Petro into, a single entity

or a group of entities under common control, shall not constitute

an assignment or transfer for purposes of this section.

10. Miscellaneous.
-------------

(a) Right to Make Agreement. The Company and
-------------------------

Petro each warrant that neither the execution of this Agreement

nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby

shall violate any provision of law or judgment, writ, injunction,

order or decree of any court or governmental authority having

jurisdiction over the Company or Petro; result in or constitute a

breach under any indenture, contract, other commitment or

restriction to which either is a party or by which either is

bound; or require any consent, vote or approval which has not

been taken, or at the time of the transaction involved shall not

have been given or taken. Each party covenants that it has and

will continue to have throughout the term of this Agreement and

any extensions thereof, the full right to enter into this

Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder.

(b) Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be
--------------

construed under and shall be governed by the laws of the State of

Delaware.

(c) Notices. Notices, statements and other
-------

communications to be given under the terms of this Agreement

- 12 -

<PAGE>

shall be in writing and delivered by hand against receipt or sent

by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested:

To the Company: Star Gas Corporation
500 Birchfield Drive
Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054

With Copy to: Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering
2445 M Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20037
Attn: Richard Cass, Esq.

To Petro: Petroleum Heat and Power Co.,
Inc.
2187 Atlantic Street
Stamford, CT 06902
Attn: Irik P. Sevin

With Copy to: Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, 
Krim & Ballon
31 West 52nd Street
New York, NY 10019
Attn: Alan Shapiro, Esq.

With Copy to: The Prudential Insurance
Company of America
c/o Prudential Financial
Restructuring Group
Four Gateway Center-9th Fl.
100 Mulberry Street
Newark, NJ 07102-4069
Attn: Managing Director
Fax: 201-802-2662

With Copy to: Willkie Farr & Gallagher
One Citicorp Center
153 East 53rd Street
New York, NY 10022-4669
Attn: Duncan Stewart, Esq.
Fax: 212-821-8111

With Copy to: First Reserve Corporation
475 Steamboat Road
Greenwich, CT 06830
Attn: William E. Macaulay

(d) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together
----------------

with other writings signed by the parties expressly stated to be

supplementing hereto and together with any instruments to be

- 13 -

<PAGE>

executed and delivered pursuant to this Agreement, constitutes

the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior

understandings and writings.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this

Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers on the

year and day first above written.

PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC.

By: /s/ George Leibowitz
-------------------------
George Leibowitz
Senior Vice President

STAR GAS CORPORATION

By: /s/ Robert M. Cherry
-------------------------
Name: Robert M. Cherry
Title: Senior Vice President

- 14 -

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT A

Neither this Option, nor the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon its exercise, have been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. This Option has been, and the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon its exercise will be, acquired
for investment. This Option may not be sold, transferred,
pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of except in
accordance with the terms hereof and except pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or an opinion of counsel, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that
registration is not then required under such Act.

Option

To Purchase 500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of

STAR GAS CORPORATION

December 21, 1993

THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT Petroleum Heat and Power Co.,
Inc. is entitled to purchase from Star Gas Corporation, a
Delaware corporation, (the "Company") at any time after
December 21, 1993, until 5:00 P.M., New York time, on December
20, 1998 (the "Expiration Date"), Five Hundred Thousand
(500,000) shares (subject to adjustment as provided in Article
Four hereof) of Class A Common Stock, par value $.10 per
share, of the Company, at the Purchase Price (defined below)
subject to exercise of the other appurtent rights, powers and
privileges, all on the terms and conditions hereinafter
provided.

1. Certain Definitions

For all purposes of this Option, unless the context
otherwise requires:

Act

The term "Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or any similar Federal statute, and the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

<PAGE>

Affiliate

The term "Affiliate", as it applies to the Optionholder,
means an individual, corporation, partnership or other entity
which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, the Optionholder.

Shares of Common Stock

The term "shares of Common Stock" means the Company's
shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $.10 per share, and
any capital stock into which such shares of Common Stock may
thereafter have been changed, and for purposes of Article Four
shall also include capital stock of the Company or any class
of the Company's securities thereafter authorized which ranks,
or is entitled to a participation, as to assets or dividends,
substantially on a parity with the shares of Common Stock.

Company

The term "Company" means Star Gas Corporation, a Delaware
corporation.

Expiration Date

The term "Expiration Date" means 5:00 P.M., New York
time, on December 20, 1998.

Number of Option Shares

The term "number of Option Shares" has the meaning
assigned to it in Article Four hereof.

Optionholder

The term "Optionholder" means Petroleum Heat and Power
Co., Inc.

Options

The term "Options" means this Option and all Options
issued in substitution, combination or subdivision thereof. 
All Options shall at all times be identical as to terms and
conditions and expiration date, except as to the number of
shares of Common Stock for which they may be exercised and
except as otherwise required by this Option or as otherwise
agreed to by the Company and the Optionholder.

-2

<PAGE>

Option Shares

The term "Option Shares" means the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of the Options.

Purchase Price

The term "Purchase Price" means $9.9031 per share as
adjusted pursuant to Article Four hereof.

2. Exercise of Option

2.1 Manner of Exercise

Until the Expiration Date, the Optionholder may exercise
this Option in whole at any time or in part from time to time
for the purchase of the number of shares of Common Stock which
such Optionholder is then entitled to purchase hereunder, at
the Purchase Price per Common Share determined in accordance
with the provisions hereof.

In order to exercise this Option, in whole or in part,
the Optionholder shall deliver on the exercise date to the
Company at its principal office or such other office or agency
designated by it for such purpose, (a) written notice of the
Optionholder's election to exercise this Option, which notice
shall specify the number of shares of Common Stock to be
purchased, (b) cash or a certified or bank check payable to
the order of the Company in an amount equal to the Purchase
Price of the number of shares of Common Stock being purchased
and (c) this Option.

Upon receipt of the materials delivered by the
Optionholder under this section, the Company shall, as
promptly as practicable, execute and deliver, or cause to be
executed and delivered, to the Optionholder a certificate or
certificates representing the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock specified in such notice. The certificate or
certificates so delivered shall be in such denomination or
denominations as may be specified in such notice and shall be
registered in the name of the Optionholder or, subject to
Article Three, such other name as shall be designated
(together with an address) in such notice.

Such certificate or certificates shall be deemed to have
been issued and the Optionholder or any other person so
designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become
a holder of record of such shares of Common Stock as of the
date such notice and payment is received by the Company as
aforesaid if this Option has been exercised in compliance with
the above provisions. If this Option shall have been
exercised only in part, the Company shall, at the time of
delivery of such certificate or certificates, deliver to the
Optionholder a new Option evidencing the rights of the holder
to purchase the

-3-

<PAGE>

remaining shares of Common Stock called for by this 
Option, which new Option shall in all other respects,
except as provided in Article Three, be identical with this
Option, or, at the request of the Optionholder, appropriate
notation may be made on this Option and the same returned to
such holder. The Company shall pay all expenses, taxes and
other charges payable in connection with the preparation,
issuance and delivery of share certificates under this
section, except that, in the case such share certificates
shall be registered in a name or names other than the name of
the Optionholder, funds sufficient to pay all share transfer
taxes which shall be payable upon issuance of such share
certificate or certificates shall be paid by the Optionholder
at the time the notice of exercise hereinabove mentioned is
delivered to the Company. 

2.2 Option Shares Fully Paid

All Option Shares shall be, when issued, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

2.3 Fractional Shares

The Company shall not be required upon the exercise of
this Option to issue a certificate representing any fraction
of a share of Common Stock, but, at the option of the Company,
in lieu of issuing such a fractional share, may pay for such
fraction of a share at the Purchase Price in effect on the
date of such exercise of this Option.

3. Transferability; Compliance With Securities Act

3.1 Restrictive Legend

Unless otherwise not required by this Article Three, each
certificate for Option Shares initially issued upon the
exercise of this Option, and each certificate for shares of
Common Stock issued to a subsequent transferee of any such
certificate, shall be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a
legend in substantially the following form:

The shares of Common Stock represented by this
certificate have not been registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be
sold, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or
otherwise disposed of except in accordance with the
terms hereof and except pursuant to an effective
registration statement under such Act and any
applicable state securities laws, or an opinion of
counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to the
Company, to the effect that such registration is not
then required.

-4-

<PAGE>

3.2 Restriction On Transferability

The Options shall not be transferable. The Option Shares
shall be freely transferable except to the extent limited by
law or by any agreement among shareholders of the Company.

4. Adjustments To Purchase Price And Number of Option Shares

The Purchase Price and the number of Option Shares
purchasable hereunder (such number, as in effect from time to
time, being hereinafter called the "number of Option Shares"),
as specified in this Option, shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time as follows:

4.1 Dividends and Reclassifications. In case the
Company shall (i) declare a dividend, or make a distribution,
on its outstanding shares of Common Stock in shares of its
Common Stock, (ii) subdivide or reclassify its outstanding
Common Stock into a greater number of shares or (iii) combine
or reclassify its outstanding Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares, the number of Option Shares in effect at the
time of the record date for such dividend or distribution or
subdivision or combination, or the effective date thereof if
no record date is fixed therefor, shall be proportionately
adjusted so that the holder of any Option surrendered for
exercise immediately after the time of such record date or
such effective date (if no record date is fixed) shall be
entitled to receive the number of Option Shares which such
holder would have owned or been entitled to receive had the
Option been exercised immediately prior to such time. 
Adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be made successively
whenever any event specified above shall occur.

4.2 Liquidating Dividends. In the event that the
Company shall make any distribution of its assets upon or with
respect to its Common Stock, as a liquidating or partial
liquidating dividend, or other than as a dividend payable out
of earnings or any surplus legally available for dividends
under the laws of the state of incorporation of the Company,
the Optionholder shall, upon the exercise of the Option after
the record date for such distribution or, in the absence of a
record date, after the date of such distribution, receive, in
addition to the Option Shares, the amount of such assets (or,
at the option of the Company, a sum equal to the value thereof
at the time of distribution as determined by the Board of
Directors in its sole discretion) which would have been
distributed to the Optionholder if it had exercised the Option
immediately prior to the record date for such distribution, or
in the absence of a record date, immediately prior to the date
of such distribution.

4.3 Adjustment of Purchase Price. Upon each adjustment
of the number of Option Shares pursuant to this Article, the
Purchase Price shall be adjusted to equal the amount obtained
by 

-5-

<PAGE>

multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to
such adjustment by a fraction, the numerator of which equals
the number of Option Shares in effect prior to such adjustment
and the denominator of which equals the number of Option
Shares in effect after such adjustment.

4.4 Miscellaneous Matters. 

4.4.1 No adjustment of the Purchase Price shall be
made if the amount of such adjustment shall be less than one
percent of the then Purchase Price, but in such case any
adjustment that would otherwise be required then to be made
shall be carried forward and shall be made at the time of and
together with the next subsequent adjustment which, together
with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with any
adjustment so carried forward, shall amount to not less than
one percent of the then Purchase Price. 

4.4.2 The certificate of any independent firm of
public accountants of recognized standing selected by the
Board of Directors shall be conclusive of the correctness of
any computation made under this Article.

4.4.3 Whenever any adjustment is required in the
then Purchase Price, the Company shall forthwith (i) prepare a
statement describing in reasonable detail the adjustment and
the method of calculation used and (ii) cause a copy of such
statement to be mailed to the Optionholder.

4.4.4 The Company shall at all times reserve and
keep available out of its authorized shares of Common Stock
the full number of Option Shares into which all Options from
time to time outstanding are exercisable. If at any time the
number of authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock shall
not be sufficient to effect the exercise this Option at the
Purchase Price then in effect, the Company shall take such
corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be
necessary to increase its authorized Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.

4.4.5 In case of any reclassification of or change
in the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change
in par value, or a change from no par to par value or from par
value to no par value) or in the case of any consolidation of
the Company with, or merger of the Company into, another
corporation (other than a consolidation in which the Company
is the continuing corporation and which does not result in any
reclassification of or change in the outstanding shares of
Common Stock), or in case of any sale or conveyance to another
corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the
Company, the Optionholder shall have the right to exercise
such Option into the kind and amount of shares and other
securities and property receivable upon such reclassification,
change, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder
of the 

-6-

<PAGE>

number of shares of Common Stock into which the Option
could have been exercised immediately prior to such
reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, sale or
conveyance. After such reclassification, change,
consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance, adjustments of the
Purchase Price shall be as nearly equivalent as may be
practicable to the adjustments of the Purchase Price provided
for herein.

The Company and any successor shall not effect any such
consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance of property as an
entirety with or to another corporation unless and until such
other corporation shall agree to deliver to the Optionholder,
upon the exercise of the Option, such shares, securities and
property which, in accordance with the foregoing provisions,
such Optionholder shall have the right to receive. Successive
reclassifications, changes, consolidations, mergers, sales or
conveyances and adjustments of Purchase Price shall be
similarly treated.

Immediately before any such consolidation, merger, sale
or conveyance of property as an entirety with or to another
corporation the Company shall pay to the Optionholder an
amount of cash equal to the number of Option Shares multiplied
by the difference between (a) the cash or fair value of any
property or securities to be received by a holder of a share
of Common Stock pursuant to any such consolidation, merger,
sale or conveyance of property and (b) the Purchase Price.

5. Notice Of Certain Events.

In case at any time on or after the date hereof:

(a) there shall be any capital reorganization or
reclassification of the shares of Common Stock (other than a
subdivision or combination of its outstanding shares of Common
Stock and other than a change in the par value or the shares
of Common Stock, or a change from par value to no par value or
from no par value to par value), or any consolidation or
merger to which the Company is a party and for which approval
of any shareholders of the Company is required, or any sale or
transfer of all or substantially all the assets of the
Company; or

(b) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company;

then the Company shall cause to be delivered to each
Optionholder, as promptly as possible but in any event at
least 10 days prior to the applicable date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating the date on which such
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale,
transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up is expected
to become effective, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of shares of Common Stock of record shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for
securities or other property 

-7-

<PAGE>

deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, 
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, dissolution, 
liquidation or winding up is expected to become effective, 
and the date as of which it is expected that holders 
of shares of Common Stock of record shall be entitled 
to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities 
or other property deliverable upon such reorganization, 
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, 
dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

6. Limitation of Liability

No provision hereof, in the absence of affirmative action
by the Optionholder to purchase shares of Common Stock, and no
mere enumeration herein of the rights and privileges of the
Optionholder, shall give rise to any liability of such
Optionholder for the Purchase Price or as a shareholder of the
Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or
by creditors of the Company.

7. Miscellaneous Provisions

7.1 Notices and Demands on Company and Optionholder. 
Any notice or demand which by any provision of this Option is
required or permitted to be given or served may be given or
served by being deposited postage prepaid, registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, in a post office
letter box addressed (until another address of the Company is
given by the Company to the Optionholder) as follows: if to
the Company, then to Star Gas Corporation, 500 Birchfield
Drive, Mt. Laurel, New Jersey 08054; if to the Optionholder,
then to Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc., Davenport Street,
Stamford, Connecticut 06094, Attn: George Leibowitz, Senior
Vice President. All notices shall be deemed to have been
given upon delivery or mailing thereof.

7.2 Amendments And Waivers. Any term of this Option may
be changed, waived, discharged or terminated only be a written
consent of the Company and the Optionholder.

7.3 Laws Of Delaware To Govern. This Option shall be
deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of
Delaware and for all purposes shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of such State.

7.4 Effect Of Headings. The Article and Section
headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect
the construction hereof.

-8-

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Option to
be signed in its name by a duly authorized officer and
attested by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary.

Dated: December 21, 1993

STAR GAS CORPORATION 

___________________________________
Name:
Title:

ATTEST:

____________________________
Name:
Title:

-9-

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT B - TOTAL COMPENSATION COST

The amount of compensation shown in the employee's Form
W-2 plus the following:

employer's share of FICA tax
federal unemployment tax
state unemployment tax
state disability tax
employee group insurance benefits
retirement benefits
expenses of a similar nature
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>