<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000910066-94-000005.txt : 19940228
<IMS-HEADER>0000910066-94-000005.hdr.sgml : 19940228
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000910066-94-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940224
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CASEYS GENERAL STORES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000726958
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5412
		IRS NUMBER:				420935283
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12788
		FILM NUMBER:		94512747

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CONVENIENCE BLVD
		CITY:			ANKENY
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5159656100
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8K FILING OF FEB 24, 1994
<TEXT>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): 
February 17, 1994

Commission File Number 0-12788

CASEY'S GENERAL STORES, INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

IOWA 42-0935283
(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization) Identification Number)

ONE CONVENIENCE BLVD., ANKENY, IOWA
(Address of principal executive offices)

50021
(Zip Code)

(515) 965-6100
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

NONE
(Former name, former address
if changed since last report)

<PAGE>
Item 5. OTHER EVENTS.

At a special meeting held on February 17, 1994, the 
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of Casey's General 
Stores, Inc. (the "Company"), acting pursuant to authority 
previously delegated by the Board of Directors, determined to 
exercise the Company's option to redeem in whole its 6-1/4% 
Convertible Subordinated Debentures due May 1, 2012, originally 
issued on February 19, 1987 in the aggregate principal amount of 
$35,000,000 (the "Debentures"), and called all outstanding 
Debentures for redemption on March 28, 1994 (the "Redemption 
Date"). The Debentures are being redeemed at a redemption price 
equal to 102.5% of the principal amount thereof ($1,025 for each 
$1,000 of principal amount so redeemed), plus accrued interest 
to the Redemption Date (the "Redemption Price"). Unless the 
Company defaults in making the redemption payment, interest on 
the Debentures ceases to accrue on and after the Redemption Date 
and the only remaining right of a holder of the Debentures is to 
receive payment of the Redemption Price upon surrender of the 
Debentures to United Missouri Bank, N.A. (the "Trustee"), as 
Paying Agent under the Indenture dated as of February 19, 1987 
(the "Indenture") between the Company and the Trustee. The 
Debentures must be surrendered to the Trustee to collect the 
Redemption Price.

As an alternative to collecting the Redemption Price, the 
holder of any Debenture has the right to convert the principal 
amount thereof (or any portion thereof that is an integral 
multiple of $1,000) into whole shares of Common Stock of the 
Company, at the conversion price of $9.50 of the principal 
amount of the Debentures for each share (the "Conversion 
Price"), until the close of business on March 25, 1994 (the 
"Conversion Expiration Date"), at which time the right to 
convert Debentures shall terminate. The number of shares 
issuable upon conversion of a Debenture is determined by 
dividing the principal amount of the Debentures converted by the 
Conversion Price. If only a portion of the Debentures are 
converted, the remaining portion will be redeemed. Upon 
conversion, no payment or adjustment will be made for accrued 
interest on a converted Debenture or for dividends or 
distributions on shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion 
of a Debenture. 

In accordance with Section 4.03 of the Indenture, no 
fractional shares will be issued upon conversion. In lieu 
thereof, the Company will pay an amount in cash based upon the 
current market price of the Common Stock on the trading day 
prior to the date of conversion. As provided in Section 4.06(d) 
of the Indenture, the current market price per share of Common 
Stock on any date shall be deemed to be the average of the daily 
closing sale prices of the Common Stock on NASDAQ for thirty 
consecutive trading days commencing forty-five trading days 
before the day in question. 
<PAGE>
Item 6. EXHIBITS.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT
NO. DESCRIPTION
<C> <S>
4.1(a) Notice of Total Redemption of
Casey's General Stores, Inc.
6-1/4% Convertible Subordinated
Debentures due May 1, 2012,
dated as of February 24, 1994

</TABLE>

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report 
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly 
authorized.

CASEY'S GENERAL STORES, INC.

Date: February 25, 1994 By: /s/ Douglas K. Shull
--------------------------
Douglas K. Shull 
Treasurer and 
Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>
EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION PAGE
<C> <S> <C>
4.1(a) Notice of Redemption of 5
Casey's General Stores, Inc.
6-1/4% Convertible Subordinated
Debentures due May 1, 2012,
dated as of February 24, 1994
<PAGE>
Exhibit 4.1(a)

NOTICE OF TOTAL REDEMPTION

OF

CASEY'S GENERAL STORES, INC.

6-1/4% CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES DUE MAY 1, 2012

CUSIP No. 147528 AA1*

The conversion privilege expires at 4:30 p.m.,
Central Standard Time, on March 25, 1994. 

Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to the provisions of 
the Indenture dated as of February 19, 1987 (the "Indenture") 
between Casey's General Stores, Inc. (the "Company") and United 
Missouri Bank, N.A. as Trustee, relating to the Company's 6-1/4% 
Convertible Subordinated Debentures due May 1, 2012 (the 
"Debentures"), the Company has called for redemption on March 
28, 1994 (the "Redemption Date") all outstanding Debentures at a 
redemption price of $1,025 per $1,000 principal amount of 
Debentures, together with accrued and unpaid interest on and 
after November 1, 1993 to the Redemption Date of $25.69 per 
$1,000 principal amount, for a total redemption price of 
$1,050.69 per $1,000 principal amount of Debentures. Payment of 
the total redemption price will be made on or after the 
Redemption Date upon presentation and surrender of Debentures to 
United Missouri Bank, N.A., the Paying Agent and the Conversion 
Agent (the "Agent"), at the address set forth below under 
"Manner of Conversion." On and after the Redemption Date, 
interest will cease to accrue and holders of Debentures will not 
have any rights as holders other than the right to receive 
payment of the total redemption price upon surrender of their 
Debentures. At any time prior to 4:30 p.m., Central Standard 
Time, on March 25, 1994 (the "Conversion Expiration Date"), the 
business day immediately preceding the Redemption Date, the 
Debentures are convertible into shares of the Company's Common 
Stock (the "Common Stock"), at the conversion price of $9.50 per 
share and in the manner described in the Debentures and 
summarized below.

ALTERNATIVES AVAILABLE TO HOLDERS OF DEBENTURES

Holders of the Debentures ("Holders") have the following 
alternatives:

1. CONVERSION OF DEBENTURES INTO COMMON STOCK. The 
Debentures are convertible at the option of the Holder at any 
time prior to 4:30 p.m., Central Standard Time, on the 
<PAGE>
Conversion Expiration Date, into approximately 105.26 shares of 
Common Stock for each $1,000 principal amount of Debentures 
(representing a conversion price of $9.50 per share). Accrued 
interest from November 1, 1993 to the date of conversion will 
not be paid upon conversion of Debentures. No fractional shares 
of Common Stock will be issued upon conversion. If conversion 
would result in issuance of a fractional share of Common Stock, 
an amount equivalent to the value of such fractional share will 
be paid by the Company in cash (rounded to the nearest cent). 
Such amount will be determined on the basis of the current 
market price of the Common Stock on the trading day prior to the 
date of conversion. For this purpose, the current market price 
per share of Common Stock on any date shall be deemed to be the 
average of the daily closing sale prices of the Common Stock on 
NASDAQ for 30 consecutive trading days commencing 45 trading 
days before the day in question. If more than one Debenture 
shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by the same 
Holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock which shall be 
issuable upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Debentures so 
surrendered. On the basis of the closing sale price of the 
Common stock on NASDAQ on February 18, 1994 of $12.37 per share, 
a Holder who converted $1,000 principal amount of Debentures on 
such date would have received Common stock having a market value 
of $1,302.59 (including cash in lieu of any fractional share).

So long as the market price of the Common Stock is greater 
than $9.98 per share, a Holder who converts Debentures will 
receive Common Stock with a market value, plus cash in lieu of 
any fractional share, greater than the amount of cash the Holder 
would otherwise be entitled to receive upon redemption (as 
described below). It should be noted, however, that the price 
of the Common Stock received upon conversion will fluctuate in 
the market, so that the Holder may receive more or less than 
$9.98 per share upon the sale of the Common Stock the Holder 
receives on conversion. Also, the Holder may incur various 
expenses of sale if the Common Stock is sold. Holders of 
Debentures are urged to obtain current market quotations for the 
Common Stock. The conversion privilege expires at 4:30 p.m., 
Central Standard Time, on March 25, 1994, the Conversion 
Expiration Date.

2. REDEMPTION OF DEBENTURES ON MARCH 28, 1994. Any 
Debentures which have not been duly surrendered for conversion, 
as described in "Manner of Conversion" below, will be redeemed 
on the Redemption Date. Upon redemption, a Holder will receive 
$1,050.69 per $1,000 principal amount of Debentures (consisting 
of a redemption price of $1,025.00 per $1,000 principal amount 
plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon from November 1, 1993 
to the Redemption Date of $25.69). On and after the Redemption 
Date, interest will cease to accrue and Holders of Debentures 
will not have any rights as Holders other than the right to 
receive $1,050.69 per $1,000 principal amount of Debentures, 
without additional interest, upon surrender of their Debentures.
<PAGE>
3. SALE OF DEBENTURES THROUGH ORDINARY BROKERAGE 
TRANSACTIONS. Sales of Debentures may be made through open 
market brokerage transactions, but Holders should be aware that 
NASDAQ policies may suspend or restrict the trading of the 
Debentures before the Redemption Date. If the sale of a 
Debenture is made sufficiently in advance of the Redemption 
Date, a buyer thereof may convert the Debenture into Common 
Stock or sell or redeem the Debenture in the manner described 
above. Holders of Debentures who wish to make sales should 
consult with their own brokers concerning whether their 
Debentures can or should be sold in the open market.

Manner of Conversion

To convert Debentures into Common Stock, the Holder thereof 
must surrender such Debentures prior to 4:30 p.m., Central 
Standard Time, on March 25, 1994 to the Agent, at the following 
address: 

IF BY MAIL: IF BY HAND OR OVERNIGHT MAIL:

United Missouri Bank, N.A. United Missouri Bank, N.A.
Securities Transfer Division Securities Transfer Division
P.O. Box 410064 928 Grand Avenue
928 Grand Avenue 13th Floor
Kansas City, Missouri Kansas City, Missouri 
64141-0064 64141-0064

Such surrender of any Debenture must be accompanied by written 
notice of election to convert in the form provided on the 
reverse side of such Debenture, duly executed (the "Conversion 
Notice"). Such Conversion Notice must also state the name or 
names, together with the address or addresses, in which the 
certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock which 
shall be issuable upon such conversion shall be issued, if 
different from the registered Holder. Each Debenture 
surrendered for conversion must be accompanied by proper 
assignments thereof to the Company or in blank for transfer and 
any requisite federal or state transfer tax stamps. The 
Conversion Notice that must be given to the Agent may be 
provided by surrendering Debentures accompanied by the properly 
completed Letter of Transmittal in the form provided herewith to 
all registered Holders of Debentures. The Holder's signature on 
any Conversion Notice on the reverse of a Debenture or in a 
Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by an eligible 
guarantor institution which is a member of one of the following 
recognized signature guarantee programs: the Securities 
Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP), the New York Stock 
Exchange Medallion Signature Program (MSP) or the Stock 
Exchanges Medallion Program (SEMP). Holders should inquire of 
such eligible guarantor institutions sufficiently in advance of 
the Conversion Expiration Date whether there are any dollar 
limitations on the principal amount of Debentures with respect 
<PAGE>
to which signatures may be guaranteed by such institutions. The 
Conversion Notice, once given to the Agent, is not revocable. 
As promptly as practicable after the surrender of a Debenture as 
aforesaid, the Company shall deliver to the Holder at the office 
of the Agent, or on the Holder's written order, a certificate or 
certificates for the number of full shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon the conversion of such Debenture or portion 
thereof and a check in an amount equivalent to the value of any 
fractional share otherwise issuable upon such conversion.

No adjustment shall be made for interest accrued on and 
after November 1, 1993 on Debentures surrendered for conversion 
or for dividends on any Common Stock delivered upon such 
conversion.

The Debentures may be converted into Common Stock only by 
surrender of Debentures, together with the Conversion Notice 
described above, to the Agent prior to 4:30 p.m., Central 
Standard Time, on March 25, 1994. Since it is the time of 
receipt, not the time of mailing, that determines whether 
Debentures have been properly surrendered for conversion, 
sufficient time should be allowed for the required documents to 
be received by the Agent prior to 4:30 p.m., Central Standard 
Time, on March 25, 1994.

Any Debentures which have not been properly surrendered to 
the Agent for conversion by 4:30 p.m., Central Standard Time, on 
March 25, 1994, will be automatically redeemed as set forth 
above.

If the Holder elects to convert a portion of the Debentures 
being delivered and does not specify the portion to be 
converted, the delivery of Debentures with the Letter of 
Transmittal prior to 4:30 p.m., Central Standard Time, on the 
Conversion Expiration Date, will be treated by the Trustee and 
the Agent as instructions to convert all such Debentures into 
shares of Common Stock. If no choice is indicated on the Letter 
of Transmittal as to whether Debentures are to be redeemed or 
converted, the Debentures will be redeemed as set forth above.

Manner of Redemption

To receive the redemption price specified above for any 
Debentures being redeemed, the Holder thereof must present and 
surrender such Debentures to the Agent at the address set forth 
above under "Manner of Conversion."

CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

The following discussion is a general summary of certain of 
the anticipated federal income tax consequences of the 
conversion, redemption or sale of the Debentures. This 
discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code"), existing and proposed regulations 
<PAGE>
thereunder, and current administrative rulings and court 
decisions.

This discussion is for general information only, and does 
not address the federal income tax considerations that may be 
relevant to particular Holders in light of their specific tax 
circumstances, or to certain types of Holders (such as dealers 
in securities, insurance companies, foreign individuals and 
entities, financial institutions, and tax-exempt entities) who 
may be subject to special treatment under federal income tax 
laws. In addition, this discussion does not describe any tax 
consequences under state, local or foreign laws. The Company 
has not requested a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service 
(the "Service") with respect to the matters discussed herein. 
Accordingly, Holders should be aware that the Service is not 
precluded from adopting a position contrary to the following 
discussion.

Holders of the Debentures are urged to consult their own tax 
advisors concerning the particular tax consequences to them of 
the conversion, sale or redemption of the Debentures, including 
the applicability of any federal, state, local or foreign tax 
laws, changes in applicable tax laws, and any pending or 
proposed legislation.

Conversion of Debentures

A Holder who converts a Debenture into Common Stock will 
generally not recognize any gain or loss to the extent Common 
Stock is received. Cash received by a Holder of a Debenture in 
lieu of a fractional share interest in Common Stock will be 
treated as received in exchange for such fractional share 
interest, and gain or loss will be recognized equal to the 
difference, if any, between the amount of cash received and the 
portion of the basis of the converted Debenture allocable to 
such fractional share interest. Except to the extent the market 
discount rules apply (see "Market Discount" below), such gain or 
loss will be capital gain or loss (assuming the Debenture was 
held as a capital asset) and will be long-term capital gain or 
loss assuming the Debenture has been held for more than one year 
at the time of conversion.

The Holder's basis in the Common Stock received on 
conversion of a Debenture will be the same as the Holder's basis 
in the Debenture at the time of conversion (reduced by the 
adjusted basis of any fractional share interest for which the 
Holder receives a cash payment from the Company), and the 
holding period for the Common Stock received on conversion will 
include the holding period of the Debenture converted (assuming 
the Debenture was held as a capital asset).
<PAGE>
Redemption or Sale of Debentures

The redemption or sale of a Debenture will result in the 
recognition of gain or loss to the Holder in an amount equal to 
the difference between the cash received in exchange for the 
Debenture (other than amounts attributable to accrued interest 
not previously included in income, which will be taxable as 
ordinary income) and the Holder's adjusted tax basis in such 
Debenture. Except as discussed below under "Market Discount," 
such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss (assuming the 
Debenture was held as a capital asset) and will be long-term 
capital gain or loss if, at the time of such disposition, it was 
held for more than one year.

Market Discount

Special rules apply to Debentures acquired with "market 
discount" (i.e., where, subject to a de minimis rule, the stated 
redemption price at maturity exceeds the Holder's basis in the 
Debenture immediately after it was required). Generally, these 
rules require the Holder to treat any gain on the redemption or 
sale of a Debenture as ordinary income to the extent of the 
market discount income deemed to have accrued during the period 
such Holder held such Debenture. Any market discount on a 
Debenture will carry over to the Common Stock acquired upon 
conversion thereof and will be recognized as ordinary income 
upon the disposition of such Common Stock (including any deemed 
disposition of a fractional share interest in Common Stock). 
Holders of Debentures should consult their tax advisors as to 
the portion of their gain that would be taxable as ordinary 
income under these provisions.

In addition, interest paid or accrued on indebtedness 
incurred or continued to purchase or carry a Debenture acquired 
by a Holder with market discount may not be deductible. In 
general, any disallowed interest expense will be deductible when 
the Holder disposes of the Debenture by sale or redemption or, 
in the case of a conversion into Common Stock, when such Common 
Stock is disposed of in a taxable transaction.

Backup Withholding

Under the backup withholding rules, a Holder of a Debenture 
may be subject to backup withholding at the rate of 31% with 
respect to the amount realized from the redemption or sale of a 
Debenture and interest paid thereon, unless the Holder: (a) is 
an entity (including corporations, tax-exempt organizations, and 
certain qualified nominees) which is exempt from withholding 
and, when required, demonstrates this fact, or (b) provides the 
Agent with its Taxpayer Identification Number ("TIN"), certifies 
under penalties of perjury that the TIN provided to the Agent is 
correct and that the Holder has not been notified by the Service 
that it is subject to backup withholding, and otherwise complies 
with applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules.
<PAGE>
GENERAL

A copy of this Notice of Total Redemption and a form of 
Letter of Transmittal to accompany Debentures surrendered for 
conversion or tendered for redemption have been sent to all 
Holders of record of the Debentures. Additional copies of such 
documents may be obtained from the Agent at the address set 
forth above under "Manner of Conversion" or by telephone at 
either (816) 860-7782 or (816) 860-7457.

UNITED MISSOURI BANK, N.A.
as Trustee

February 24, 1994 

* The CUSIP number is included solely for the convenience of 
the holders of the Debentures. Neither the Company nor the 
Trustee shall be responsible for the selection or use of the 
CUSIP number, nor is any representation made as to its 
correctness on the Debentures or as indicated in any 
redemption notice. 

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>