<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950134-94-000154.txt : 19940225
<IMS-HEADER>0000950134-94-000154.hdr.sgml : 19940225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-94-000154
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940210
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000277577
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	6798
		IRS NUMBER:				942537061
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-09211
		FILM NUMBER:		94512201

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10670 N CENTRAL EXPRWY
		STREET 2:		STE 300
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75231
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2146924700

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONSOLIDATED CAPITAL INCOME TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890726
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

_________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

_________________

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

February 10, 1994 
(Date of earliest event reported)

NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

California 0-9211 94-2537061 
(State of incorporation (Commission File (IRS Employer
or organization) Number) Identification No.)

10670 North Central Expressway
Suite 300
Dallas, Texas 75231 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (214) 692-4700

Not Applicable
(Former name or former address,if changed since last report)
<PAGE> 2
Item 5. Other Events.

On February 14, 1994, National Income Realty Trust (the "Trust")
announced the selection of New York based Tarragon Realty Advisors, Inc.
("Tarragon") to provide real estate investment, administrative and advisory
services in substitution for Basic Capital Management, Inc. which has resigned
as advisor to the Trust effective March 31, 1994. The new Advisory Agreement
with Tarragon takes effect on April 1, 1994, and provides for a base annual
advisory fee of $100,000 plus 16 percent of the Trust's funds from operations
as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts prior
to the deduction of the advisory fee.

William S. Friedman, the President of the Trust, also serves as Chief
Executive Officer of Tarragon. Tarragon is owned by Mr. Friedman's wife, Lucy
N. Friedman, and John A. Doyle, who serves as Executive Vice President of the
Trust and the President and Chief Operating Officer of Tarragon. Mr.
Friedman's family beneficially owns approximately 30% of the outstanding shares
of the Trust.

ITEM 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibits:

Reg. S-K
Item 601
Reference Description
- --------- -----------
10 Advisory Agreement dated February 15, 1994 between National
Income Realty Trust and Tarragon Realty Advisors, Inc.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST

Dated: February 21, 1994 By: /s/ WILLIAM S. FRIEDMAN
William S. Friedman
President
<PAGE> 3
EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Sequentially
Exhibit Numbered
Number Description Page
- --------- ----------- ------------
<S> <C> <C>
10 Advisory Agreement dated February 15, 1994 
between National Income Realty Trust and 
Tarragon Realty Advisors, Inc.

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>ADVISORY AGREEMENT DATED FEBRUARY 15, 1994
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1
EXHIBIT 10

ADVISORY AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST 
AND
TARRAGON REALTY ADVISORS, INC.

THIS AGREEMENT dated February 15, 1994, between National Income Realty
Trust, a California real estate investment trust (the "Trust"), and Tarragon
Realty Advisors, Inc., a New York corporation (the"Advisor").

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS:

1. The Trust owns a complex, diversified portfolio of real
estate, mortgages and other assets, including affordable and
middle income housing complexes, shopping centers, warehouses,
office buildings and mortgages.

2. The Trust has funds available for new investment, primarily in
the acquisition of income-producing real estate.

3. The Advisor and its employees have extensive experience in the
administration of real estate assets and the origination,
structuring and evaluation of real estate and mortgage
investments.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual
covenants herein contained, the parties agree as follows:

1. Duties of the Advisor. Subject to the supervision of the Board of
Trustees, the Advisor will be responsible for the day-to-day operations of the
Trust and, subject to Section 17 hereof, shall provide such services and
activities relating to the assets, operations and business plan of the Trust as
may be appropriate, including:

(a) preparing and submitting an annual budget and business plan
for approval by the Board of the Trust (the "Business Plan");

(b) using its best efforts to present to the Trust a continuing
and suitable investment program consistent with the investment
policies and objectives of the Trust as set forth in the
Business Plan;

A-1
<PAGE> 2
(c) using its best efforts to present to the Trust investment
opportunities consistent with the Business Plan and such
investment program as the Trustees may adopt from time to
time;

(d) furnishing or obtaining and supervising the performance of the
ministerial functions in connection with the administration of
the day-to-day operations of the Trust including the
investment of reserve funds and surplus cash in short-term
money market investments;

(e) serving as the Trust's investment and financial advisor and
providing research, economic, and statistical data in
connection with the Trust's investments and investment and
financial policies;

(f) on behalf of the Trust, investigating, selecting and
conducting relations with borrowers, lenders, mortgators,
brokers, investors, builders, developers and others;

(g) consulting with the Trustees and furnishing the Trustees with
advice and recommendations with respect to the making,
acquiring (by purchase, investment, exchange, or otherwise),
holding, and disposition (through sale, exchange, or
otherwise) of investments consistent with the Business Plan of
the Trust;

(h) obtaining for the Trustees such services as may be required in
acquiring and disposing of investments, disbursing and
collecting the funds of the Trust, paying the debts and
fulfilling the obligations of the Trust, and handling,
prosecuting, and settling any claims of the Trust, including
foreclosing and otherwise enforcing mortgage and other liens
securing investments;

(i) obtaining for and at the expense of the Trust such services as
may be required for property management, loan disbursements,
and other activities relating to the investments of the Trust,
provided, however, the compensation for such services shall be
agreed to by the Trust and the service provider;

(j) advising the Trust in connection with public or private sales
of shares or other securities of the Trust, or loans to the
Trust, but in no event in such a way that the Advisor could be
deemed to be acting as a broker dealer or underwriter;

(k) quarterly, and at any time requested by the Trustees, making
reports to the Trustees regarding the Trust's performance to
date in relation to the Trust's approved Business Plan and its
various components, as well as the Advisor's performance of
the foregoing services;

A-2
<PAGE> 3
(l) making or providing appraisal reports, where appropriate, on
investments or contemplated investments of the Trust;

(m) assisting in preparation of reports and other documents
necessary to satisfy the reporting and other requirements of
any governmental bodies or agencies and to maintain effective
communications with shareholders of the Trust; and

(n) doing all things necessary to ensure its ability to render the
services contemplated herein, including providing office space
and office furnishings and personnel necessary for the
performance of the foregoing services as Advisor, all at its
own expense, except as otherwise expressly provided for
herein.

2. No Partnership or Joint Venture. The Trust and the Advisor are not
partners or joint venturers with each other, and nothing herein shall be
construed so as to make them such partners or joint venturers or impose any
liability as such on either of them.

3. Records. At all times, the Advisor shall keep proper books of
account and records of the Trust's affairs which shall be accessible for
inspection by the Trust at any time during ordinary business hours.

4. Additional Obligations of the Advisor. The Advisor shall refrain
from any action (including, without limitation, furnishing or rendering
services to tenants of property or managing or operating real property) that
would (a) adversely affect the status of the Trust as a real estate investment
trust, as defined and limited in Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code,
(b) violate any law, rule, regulation, or statement of policy of any
governmental body or agency having jurisdiction over the Trust or over its
securities, (c) cause the Trust to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, or (d) otherwise not be
permitted by the Declaration of Trust of the Trust.

5. Bank Accounts. The Advisor may establish and maintain one or more
bank accounts in its own name, and may collect and deposit into any such
account or accounts, and disburse from any such account or accounts, any money
on behalf of the Trust, under such terms and conditions as the Trustees may
approve, provided that no funds in any such account shall be commingled with
funds of the Advisor; and the Advisor shall from time to time render
appropriate accounting of such collections and payments to the Trustees and to
the auditors of the Trust.

6. Bond. The Advisor shall maintain a fidelity bond with a responsible
surety company in such amount as may be required by the Trustees from time to
time, covering all directors, officers, employees, and agents of the Advisor
handling funds of the Trust and any investment documents or records pertaining
to investments of the Trust. Such bond shall inure to the benefit of the Trust
in respect to losses of any such property from acts of such directors,
officers, employees and agents through theft, embezzlement, fraud, error, or
omission or otherwise, the premium for said bond to be at the expense of the
Trust.

A-3
<PAGE> 4
7. Information Furnished Advisor. The Trustees shall have the right to
change the Business Plan at any time, effective upon receipt by the Advisor of
notice of such change. The Trust shall furnish the Advisor with a certified
copy of all financial statements, a signed copy of each report prepared by
independent certified public accountants, and such other information with
regard to the Trust's affairs as the Advisor may from time to time reasonably
request.

8. Consultation and Advice. In addition to the services described
above, the Advisor shall consult with the Trustees, and shall, at the request
of the Trustees or the officers of the Trust, furnish advice and
recommendations with respect to any aspect of the business and affairs of the
Trust, including any factors that in the Advisor's best judgment should
influence the policies of the Trust.

9. Annual Business Plan and Budget. No later than January 15th of each
year, the Advisor shall submit to the Trustees a written Business Plan for the
current Fiscal Year of the Trust. Such Business Plan shall include a
twelve-month forecast of operations and cash flow with explicit assumptions and
a general plan for asset sales or acquisitions, lending, foreclosure and
borrowing activity, other investments or ventures and proposed securities
offerings or repurchases or any proposed restructuring of the Trust. To the
extent possible, the Business Plan shall set forth the Advisor's
recommendations and the basis therefore with respect to all material
investments of the Trust. Upon approval by the Board of Trustees, the Advisor
shall be authorized to conduct the business of the Trust in accordance with the
explicit provisions of the Business Plan. specifically including the borrowing,
leasing, maintenance, capital improvements, renovations and sale of investments
set forth in the Business Plan. Any transaction or investment not explicitly
provided for in the approved Business Plan shall require the prior approval of
the Board of Trustees unless made pursuant to authority expressly delegated to
the Advisor. Within sixty (60) days of the end of each calendar quarter, the
Advisor shall provide the Board of Trustees with a report comparing the Trust's
actual performance for such quarter against the Business Plan.

10. Definitions. As used herein, the following terms shall have the
meanings set forth below:

(a) "Adjusted Funds From Operations" shall mean, for any period of
time, funds from operations (as defined by the National
Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts) for such period
of time plus (i) any loss due to the writedown or sale of any
real property or mortgage loan acquired prior to January 1,
1989 and (ii) the amount of advisory fees payable to the
Advisor under Article 11 hereof but only to the extent such
fees are considered as current expenses in determining profit
or loss.

A-4
<PAGE> 5
(b) "Affiliate" shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person who
owns beneficially, directly or indirectly, 1% or more of the
outstanding capital stock, shares or equity interests of such
Person or of any other Person which controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with such Person or is an
officer, retired officer, director, employee, partner, or
trustee (excluding non-interested trustees not otherwise
affiliated with the entity) of such Person or of any other
Person which controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, such Person.

(c) "Appraised Value" shall mean the value of a Real Property
according to an appraisal made by an independent qualified
appraiser who is a member in good standing of the American
Institute of Real Estate Appraisers and is duly licensed to
perform such services in accordance with the applicable state
law, or, when pertaining to Mortgage Loans, the value of the
underlying property as determined by the Advisor.

(d) "Book Value" of an asset or assets shall mean the value of
such asset or assets on the books of the Trust, before
provision for amortization, depreciation, depletion or
valuation reserves and before deducting any indebtedness or
other liability in respect thereof, except that no asset shall
be valued at more than its fair market value as determined by
the Trustees.

(e) "Business Plan" shall mean the Trust's investment policies and
objectives and the capital and operating budget based thereon,
approved by the Board as thereafter modified or amended.

(f) "Fiscal Year" shall mean any period for which an income tax
return is submitted to the Internal Revenue Service and which
is treated by the Internal Revenue Service as a reporting
period.

(g) "Mortgage Loans" shall mean notes, debentures, bonds, and
other evidences of indebtedness or obligations, whether
negotiable or non-negotiable, and which are secured or
collateralized by mortgages, including first, wraparound,
construction and development, and junior mortgages.

(h) "Net Asset Value" shall mean the Book Value of all the assets
of the Trust minus all the liabilities of the Trust.

(i) "Net Income" for any period shall mean the Net Income of the
Trust for such period computed in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles after deduction of the Gross
Asset Fee, but before deduction of the Net Income Fee, as set
forth in Sections 11 (a) and 11 (b), respectively, herein, and
inclusive of gain or loss of the sale of assets.

A-5
<PAGE> 6
(j) "Net Operating Income" shall mean rental income less property
operating expenses.

(k) "Person" shall mean and include individuals, corporations,
limited partnerships, general partnerships, joint stock
companies or associations, joint ventures, associations,
companies, trusts, banks, trust companies, land trusts,
business trusts, or other entities and governments and
agencies and political subdivisions thereof.

(l) "Real Property" shall mean and include land, rights in land,
leasehold interests (including but not limited to interests of
a lessor or lessee therein), and any buildings, structures,
improvements, fixtures, and equipment located on or used in
connection with land, leasehold interests, and rights in land
or interests therein.

All calculations made pursuant to this Agreement shall be based on
statements (which may be unaudited, except as provided herein) prepared on an
accrual basis consistent with generally accepted accounting principles,
regardless of whether the Trust may also prepare statements on a different
basis. All other terms shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Trust's
Declaration of Trust and Trustees' Regulations.

11. Advisory Compensation.

(a) Base Advisory Fee. Upon execution of this Agreement, the Trust
shall pay to the Advisor a Base Advisory Fee of $100,000 for
advisory services for the term hereof.

(b) Incentive Advisory Fee. As an incentive for successful
investment and management of the Trust's assets, the Trust
shall pay the Advisor a fee equal to 16% per annum of the
Trust's Adjusted Funds from Operation for each Fiscal Year or
portion thereof for which the Advisor provides services,
beginning March 31, 1994. The Incentive Advisory Fee shall be
payable monthly in advance based on the Adjusted Funds from
Operation for the most recent month for which a monthly
financial statement for the Trust has been prepared. The
Incentive Advisory Fee shall be cumulative within any Fiscal
Year, such that if the Trust has negative Adjusted Funds from
Operation in any month, each subsequent payment shall be
adjusted to maintain the 16% per annum rate.

A-6
<PAGE> 7
(c) Acquisition Commission. For supervising the acquisition,
purchase or long term lease of Real Property for the Trust,
the Trust shall pay the Advisor an Acquisition Commission
equal to 1% of the acquisition cost for each real property
acquired during the term hereof, except that no such fee shall
be due for any acquisition through or from an affiliate of the
Trust or the Advisor, inclusive of commissions, if any, paid
to nonaffiliated brokers. The aggregate of each purchase price
of each property (including the Acquisition Commissions and
all real estate brokerage fees) may not exceed such property's
Appraised Value at acquisition.

(d) Incentive Sales Compensation. To encourage periodic sales of
appreciated Real Property at optimum value and to reward the
Advisor for improved performance of the Trust's Real Property,
the Trust shall pay to the Advisor, on or before the 45th day
after the close of each Fiscal Year, an incentive fee equal to
10% of the amount, if any, by which the aggregate sales
consideration for all Real Property sold by the Trust during
such Fiscal Year exceeds the sum of: (i) the cost of each such
Real Property as originally recorded in the Trust's books for
tax purposes (without deduction for depreciation, amortization
or reserve for losses), (ii) capital improvements made to such
assets during the period owned by the Trust, and (iii) all
closing costs, (including real estate commissions) incurred in
the sale of such Real Property; provided, however, no
incentive fee shall be paid unless (a) such Real Property sold
in such Fiscal Year, in the aggregate, has produced an 8%
simple annual return on the Trust's net investment including
capital improvements, calculated over the Trust's holding
period before depreciation and inclusive of operating income
and sales consideration and (b) the aggregate Net Operating
Income from all Real Property owned by the Trust for all of
the prior Fiscal Year and the current Fiscal Year shall be at
least 5% higher in the current Fiscal Year than in the prior
Fiscal Year.

(e) Mortgage or Loan Acquisition Fees. For the acquisition or
purchase from an unaffiliated party of any existing mortgage
or loan by the Trust, the Advisor or an Affiliate is to
receive a Mortgage or Loan Acquisition Fee equal to the lesser
of (a) 1% of the amount of the mortgage or loan purchased by
the Trust or (b) a brokerage or commitment fee which is
reasonable and fair under the circumstances. Such fee will not
be paid in connection with the origination or funding by the
Trust of any mortgage loan.

A-7
<PAGE> 8
(f) Mortgage Brokerage and Equity Refinancing Fees. For obtaining
loans to the Trust or refinancing on Trust properties, the
Advisor or an Affiliate is to receive a Mortgage Brokerage and
Equity Refinancing Fee equal to the lesser of (a) 1% of the
amount of the loan or the amount refinanced or (b) a brokerage
or refinancing fee which is reasonable and fair under the
circumstances; provided, however that no such fee shall be
paid on loans from the Advisor or an Affiliate without the
approval of the Board of Trustees. No fee shall be paid on
loan extensions.

12. Limitation on Third Party Mortgage Placement Fees. The Advisor or
any of its Affiliates shall pay to the Trust, one-half of any compensation
received by the Advisor or any such Affiliate from third parties with respect
to the origination, placement or brokerage of any loan made by the Trust;
provided, however, the compensation retained by the Advisor or Affiliate shall
not exceed the lesser of (a) 2% of the amount of the loan committed by the
Trust or (b) a loan brokerage and commitment fee which is reasonable and fair
under the circumstances.

13. Statements. The Advisor shall furnish to the Trust not later than
the tenth day of each calendar month, beginning with the second calendar month
of the term of this Agreement, a statement showing the computation of the fees,
if any, payable in respect to the next preceding calendar month (or, in the
case of incentive compensation, for the preceding Fiscal Year, as appropriate)
under the Agreement. The final settlement of incentive compensation for each
Fiscal Year shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with, and upon
completion of, the annual audit of the Trust's financial statements; any
payment by the Trust or repayment by the Advisor that shall be indicated to be
necessary in accordance therewith shall be made promptly after the completion
of such audit and shall be reflected in the audited statements to be published
by the Trust.

14. Compensation for Additional Services. If and to the extent that
the Trust shall request the Advisor or any director, officer, partner, or
employee of the Advisor to render services for the Trust other than those
required to be rendered by the Advisor hereunder, such additional services, if
performed, will be compensated separately on terms to be agreed upon between
such party and the Trust from time to time. In particular, but without
limitation, if the Trust shall request that the Advisor perform property
management, leasing, loan disbursement or similar functions, the Trust and the
Advisor shall enter into a separate agreement specifying the obligations of the
parties and providing for reasonable additional compensation to the Advisor for
performing such services.

15. Expenses of the Advisor. Without regard to the amount of
compensation or reimbursement received hereunder by the Advisor, the Advisor
shall bear the following expenses:

A-8
<PAGE> 9
(a) employment expenses of the personnel employed by the Advisor
(including Trustees, officers, and employees of the Trust who
are directors, officers, or employees of the Advisor or of any
company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with the Advisor), including, but not limited to,
fees, salaries, wages, payroll taxes, travel expenses, and the
cost of employee benefit plans and temporary help expenses
except for those personnel expenses described in Sections
16(e) and (p);

(b) advertising and promotional expenses incurred in seeking
investments for the Trust;

(c) rent, telephone, utilities, office furniture and furnishings,
and other office expenses of the Advisor and the Trust, except
as any of such expenses relates to an office maintained by the
Trust separate from the office of the Advisor, and

(d) miscellaneous administrative expenses relating to performance
by the Advisor of its functions hereunder.

16. Expenses of the Trust. The Trust shall pay all its expenses not
assumed by the Advisor, including without limitation, the following expenses:

(a) the cost of money borrowed by the Trust;

(b) income taxes, taxes and assessments on real property, and all
other taxes applicable to the Trust;

(c) legal, auditing, accounting, underwriting, brokerage, listing,
registration and other fees, printing, and engraving and other
expenses, and taxes incurred in connection with the issuance,
distribution, transfer, registration, and stock exchange
listing of the Trust's securities;

(d) fees, salaries, and expenses paid to officers, and employees
of the Trust who are not directors, officers or employees of
the Advisor, or of any company that controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with the Advisor;

(e) expenses directly connected with the origination or purchase
of Mortgage Loans and with the acquisition, disposition, and
ownership of real estate equity interests or other property
(including the costs of foreclosure, insurance, legal,
protective, brokerage, maintenance, repair, and property
improvement services) and including all compensation,
traveling expenses, and other direct costs associated with the
Advisor's employees or other personnel engaged in (i) real
estate transaction legal services, (ii) internal auditing,
(iii) foreclosure and other mortgage finance services, (iv)
sale or solicitation for sale of mortgages, (v) engineering
and appraisal services, and (vi) transfer agent services;

A-9
<PAGE> 10
(f) expenses of maintaining and managing real estate equity
interests;

(g) insurance, as required by the Trustees (including Trustees'
liability insurance);

(h) the expenses of organizing, revising, amending, converting,
modifying, or terminating the Trust;

(i) expenses connected with payments of dividends or interest or
distributions in cash or any other form made or caused to be
made by the Trustees to holders of securities of the Trust;

(j) all expenses connected with communications to holders of
securities of the Trust and the other bookkeeping and clerical
work necessary in maintaining relations with holders of
securities, including the cost of printing and mailing
certificates for securities and proxy solicitation materials
and reports to holders of the Trust's securities;

(k) the cost of any accounting, statistical, bookkeeping or
computer equipment or computer time necessary for maintaining
the books and records of the Trust and for preparing and
filing Federal, State and Local tax returns;

(l) transfer agent's, registrar's, and indenture trustee's fees
and charges;

(m) legal, accounting, investment banking, and auditing fees and
expenses charged by independent parties performing these
services not otherwise included in clauses (c) and (e) of this
Section 16;

(n) expenses incurred by the Advisor, arising from the sales of
Trust properties, including those expenses related to carrying
out foreclosure proceedings;

(o) commercially reasonable fees paid to the Advisor for efforts
to liquidate mortgages before maturity, such as the
solicitation of offers and negotiation of terms of sale;

(p) costs and expenses connected with computer services, including
but not limited to employee or other personnel compensation,
hardware and software costs, and related development and
installation costs associated therewith;

(q) costs and expenses associated with risk management (i.e.
insurance relating to the Trust's assets);

(r) loan refinancing compensation; and

A-10
<PAGE> 11
(s) expenses associated with special services requested by the
Trustees pursuant to Section 14 hereof.

17. Other Activities of Advisor. The Advisor, its officers, directors,
or employees or any of its Affiliates may engage in other business activities
related to real estate investments or act as advisor to any other person or
entity (including another real estate investment trust), including those with
investment policies similar to the Trust, and the Advisor and its officers,
directors, or employees and any of its Affiliates shall be free from any
obligation to present to the Trust any particular investment opportunity that
comes to the Advisor or such persons, regardless of whether such opportunity is
in accordance with the Trust's Business Plan. However, to minimize any possible
conflict, the Advisor shall consider the respective investment objectives of,
and the appropriateness of a particular investment to each such entity in
determining to which entity a particular investment opportunity should be
presented. If appropriate to more than one entity, the Advisor shall present
the investment opportunity to the entity that has had sufficient uninvested
funds for the longest period of time. The Advisor shall promptly inform the
Trust of each real estate acquisition made by the Advisor or any Affiliate.

18. Limitation on Operating Expenses. To the extent that the operating
expenses of the Trust for any Fiscal Year exceeds the limitation set forth in
the Trust's Declaration of Trust as amended from time to time, or any similar
limitation (if contained) in a successor Declaration of Trust or Certificate of
Incorporation, the Advisor shall refund to the Trust such portion of its fees
payable hereunder as may be required by such Section.

19. Term; Termination of Agreement. This Agreement shall continue in
force for a period of one year, and, thereafter, it may be renewed from year to
year, subject to any required approval of the Shareholders of the Trust and, if
any Trustee is an Affiliate of the Advisor, the approval of a majority of the
Trustees who are not so affiliated. Notice of renewal shall be given in writing
by the Trustees to the Advisor not less than 60 days before the expiration of
this Agreement or of any extension thereof. This Agreement may be terminated
for any reason without penalty upon 60 days' written notice by the Trust to the
Advisor or 120 days' written notice by the Advisor to the Trust, in the former
case by the vote of a majority of the Trustees who are not Affiliates of the
Advisor or by the vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
the Trust. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, in the event of any material
change in the ownership, control or management of the Advisor, the Trust may
terminate this Agreement without penalty and without advance notice to the
Advisor.

20. Amendments. This Agreement shall not be changed, modified,
terminated or discharged in whole or in part except by an instrument in writing
signed by both parties hereto, or their respective successors or assigns, or
otherwise as provided herein.

A-11
<PAGE> 12
21. Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Advisor
without the prior consent of the Trust. The Trust may terminate this Agreement
in the event of its assignment by the Advisor without the prior consent of the
Trust. Such an assignment or any other assignment of this Agreement by the
Advisor shall bind the assignee hereunder in the same manner as the Advisor is
bound hereunder. This Agreement shall not be assignable by the Trust without
the consent of the Advisor, except in the case of assignment by the Trust to a
corporation, association, trust, or other organization that is a successor to
the Trust. Such successor shall be bound hereunder and by the terms of said
assignment in the same manner as the Trust is bound hereunder.

22. Default, Bankruptcy, etc. At the option solely of the Trustees,
this Agreement shall be and become terminated immediately upon written notice
of termination from the Trustees to the Advisor if any of the following events
shall occur:

(a) If the Advisor shall violate any provision of this Agreement,
and after notice of such violation shall not cure such default
within 30 days; or

(b) If the Advisor shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent by a
court of competent jurisdiction, or an order shall be made by
a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a
receiver, liquidator, or trustee of the Advisor or of all or
substantially all of its property by reason of the foregoing,
or approving any petition filed against the Advisor for its
reorganization, and such adjudication or order shall remain in
force or unstayed for a period of 30 days; or

(c) If the Advisor shall institute proceedings for voluntary
bankruptcy or shall file a petition seeking reorganization
under the Federal bankruptcy laws, or for relief under any law
for the relief of debtors, or shall consent to the appointment
of a receiver of itself or of all or substantially all its
property, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit
of its creditors, or shall admit in writing its inability to
pay its debts generally, as they become due.

The Advisor agrees that if any of the events specified in subsections
(b) and (c) of this Section 22 shall occur, it will give written notice thereof
to the Trustees within seven days after the occurrence of such event.

23. Action Upon Termination. From and after the effective date of
termination of this Agreement, pursuant to Sections 19, 21 or 22 hereof, the
Advisor shall not be entitled to compensation for further services hereunder
but shall be paid all compensation accruing to the date of termination. The
Advisor shall forthwith upon such termination:

(a) pay over to the Trust all monies collected and held for the
account of the Trust pursuant to this Agreement;

A-12
<PAGE> 13
(b) deliver to the Trustees a full accounting, including a
statement showing all payments collected by it and a 
statement of any monies held by it, covering the period 
following the date of the last accounting furnished to
the Trustees; and

(c) deliver to the Trustees all property and documents of the
Trust then in the custody of the Advisor.

24. Miscellaneous. The Advisor shall be deemed to be in a fiduciary
relationship to the shareholders of the Trust. The Advisor assumes no
responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the services called
for hereunder in good faith, and shall not be responsible for any action of the
Trustees in following or declining to follow any advice or recommendations of
the Advisor. Neither the Advisor nor any of its shareholders, directors,
officers, or employees shall be liable to the Trust, the Trustees, the holders
of securities of the Trust or to any successor or assign of the Trust for any
losses arising from the operation of the Trust if the Advisor had determined,
in good faith, that the course of conduct which caused the loss or liability
was in the best interests of the Trust and the liability or loss was not the
result of negligence or misconduct by the Advisor. However, in no event will
the directors, officers or employees of the Advisor be personally liable for
any act or failure to act unless it was the result of such person's willful
misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of duty.

25. Notices. Any notice, report, or other communication required or
permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing unless some other method of
giving such notice, report, or other communication is accepted by the party to
whom it is given, and shall be given by being delivered at the following
addresses of the parties hereto:

The Trustees and/or the Trust:
National Income Realty Trust
645 Madison Avenue
Suite 2200
New York, New York 10022
Attention: President

The Advisor:
Tarragon Realty Advisors, Inc.
645 Madison Avenue
Suite 2200
New York, New York 10022
Attention: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Either party may at any time give notice in writing to the other party
of a change of its address for the purpose of this Section 25.

A-13
<PAGE> 14
26. Headings. The section headings hereof have been inserted for
convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning,
construction, or effect of this Agreement.

27. Governing Law. This Agreement has been prepared, negotiated and
executed in the State of Texas. The provisions of this Agreement shall be
construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in the State of New
York.

28. Execution. This instrument is executed and made on behalf of the
Trust by a Trustee of the Trust, not individually but solely as a Trustee under
the Declaration of the Trust, and the obligations under this Agreement are not
binding upon, nor shall resort be had to the private property of, any of the
Trustees, shareholders, officers, employees, or agents of the Trust personally,
but bind only the Trust property.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST and TARRAGON REALTY
ADVISORS, INC., by their duly authorized officers, have signed these presents
all as of the day and year first above written.

NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST

By: /s/ WILLIAM S. FRIEDMAN
William S. Friedman
President and Trustee

TARRAGON REALTY ADVISORS, INC.

By: /s/ JOHN A. DOYLE
John A. Doyle
President

A-14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>