<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950131-94-001525.txt : 19941017
<IMS-HEADER>0000950131-94-001525.hdr.sgml : 19941017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950131-94-001525
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941003
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941007
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MAGMA POWER CO /NV/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000355878
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	4991
		IRS NUMBER:				953694478
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10533
		FILM NUMBER:		94552094

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4365 EXECUTIVE DR STE 900
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6196227800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4365 EXECUTIVE DR STE 900
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MAGMA DEVELOPMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19820519
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

----------------------

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 3, 1994

MAGMA POWER COMPANY
-----------------------------------------------------------
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 0-10533 95-3694478
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other (Commission (I.R.S. Employer
jurisdiction of File Number) Identification No.)
incorporation)

4365 Executive Drive, Suite 900, San Diego, CA 92121
- - ---------------------------------------------- --------
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number,
including area code: (619) 622-7800
--------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)
<PAGE>

2

Item 5. Other Events.
- - --------------------- 

On October 3, 1994, the Board of Directors of Magma Power Company (the
"Company") declared a distribution of one Right for each outstanding share of
Common Stock, par value $.10 per share (the "Company Common Stock"), to
stockholders of record at the close of business on October 14, 1994 and for each
share of Company Common Stock issued (including shares distributed from
Treasury) by the Company thereafter and prior to the Distribution Date. Each
Right entitles the registered holder, subject to the terms of the Rights
Agreement, to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share (a "Unit")
of Series A Preferred Stock, par value $.10 per share (the "Preferred Stock"),
at a Purchase Price of $125 per Unit, subject to adjustment. The Purchase Price
is payable in cash or by certified or bank check or money order payable to the
order of the Company. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in
a Rights Agreement between the Company and Chemical Trust Company of California
as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agreement").

Initially, the Rights will attach to all certificates representing
shares of outstanding Company Common Stock, and no separate Rights Certificates
will be distributed. The Rights will separate from the Company Common Stock and
the Distribution Date will occur upon the earlier of (i) 10 business days
following a public announcement (the date of such announcement being the "Stock
Acquisition Date") that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons
(other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any employee benefit
plan of the Company or such Subsidiary) (an "Acquiring Person") has acquired,
obtained the right to acquire or otherwise obtained beneficial ownership of 10%
or more of the then outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (or if certain
current holders of 10% or more of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
have acquired, obtained the right to acquire or otherwise obtained beneficial
ownership of an additional 4% of the Company Common Stock), and (ii) 10 business
days (or such later date as may be determined by action of the Board of
Directors prior to such time as any person becomes an Acquiring Person)
following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result
in a person or group beneficially owning 20% or more of the then outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock. Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will
be evidenced by Company Common Stock certificates and will be transferred with
and only with such Company Common Stock certificates, (ii) new Company Common
Stock certificates issued after October 14, 1994 (also including shares
distributed from Treasury) will contain a notation incorporating the Rights
Agreement by reference and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any certificates
representing outstanding Company Common Stock will also constitute the transfer
of the Rights associated with the Company Common Stock represented by such
certificates.
<PAGE>

3

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will
expire at the close of business on the tenth anniversary of the Rights Agreement
unless earlier redeemed by the Company as described below.

As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, Rights
Certificates will be mailed to holders of record of Company Common Stock as of
the close of business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter, the separate
Rights Certificates alone will represent the Rights.

In the event that (i) the Company is the surviving corporation in a
merger with an Acquiring Person and shares of Company Common Stock shall remain
outstanding, (ii) a Person becomes the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the
then outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (or an additional 4% in the case
certain current 10% holders), (iii) an Acquiring Person engages in one or more
"self-dealing" transactions as set forth in the Rights Agreement, or (iv) during
such time as there is an Acquiring Person, an event occurs which results in such
Acquiring Person's ownership interest being increased by more than 1% by means
of a reverse stock split or recapitalization), then, in each such case, each
holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise,
Units of Preferred Stock (or, in certain circumstances, Company Common Stock,
cash, property or other securities of the Company) having a value equal to two
times the exercise price of the Right. The exercise price is the Purchase Price
multiplied by the number of Units of Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of a
Right prior to the events described in this paragraph. Notwithstanding any of
the foregoing, following the occurrence of any of the events set forth in this
paragraph, all Rights that are, or (under certain circumstances specified in the
Rights Agreement) were, beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person will be null
and void.

In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date,
(i) the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination
transaction and the Company is not the surviving corporation (other than a
merger described in the preceding paragraph), (ii) any Person consolidates or
merges with the Company and all or part of the Company Common Stock is converted
or exchanged for securities, cash or property of any other Person or (iii) 50%
or more of the Company's assets or earning power is sold or transferred, each
holder of a Right (except Rights which previously have been voided as described
above) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, common stock
of the Acquiring Person having a value equal to two times the exercise price of
the Right.

The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Units of Preferred Stock
issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to
time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a
subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the Preferred Stock, (ii) if
holders of the Preferred Stock are granted certain rights or warrants to
subscribe for Preferred Stock or convertible securities at less than the current
market price of the Preferred Stock, or (iii) upon the distribution to the
holders of the Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding
regular
<PAGE>

4

quarterly cash dividends) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than
those referred to above).

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be
required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the Purchase
Price. The Company is not required to issue fractional Units. In lieu thereof,
an adjustment in cash may be made based on the market price of the Preferred
Stock prior to the date of exercise.

At any time until ten business days following the Stock Acquisition
Date, a majority of the Independent Directors may redeem the Rights in whole,
but not in part, at a price of $.01 per Right (the "Redemption Price"), payable,
at the election of such majority of the Independent Directors, in cash or shares
of Company Common Stock. Immediately upon the action of a majority of
Independent Directors ordering the redemption of the Rights, the Rights will
terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the
Redemption Price.

Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no
rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right
to vote or to receive dividends. While the distribution of the Rights will not
be taxable to stockholders or to the Company, stockholders may, depending upon
the circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that the Rights become
exercisable for Units of Preferred Stock (or other consideration).

Any of the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended at any
time prior to the Distribution Date. After the Distribution Date, the provisions
of the Rights Agreement may be amended in order to cure any ambiguity, defect or
inconsistency, to make changes which do not adversely affect the interests of
holders of Rights (excluding the interests of any Acquiring Person), or to
shorten or lengthen any time period under the Rights Agreement; provided,
however, that no amendment to adjust the time period governing redemption shall
be made at such time as the Rights are not redeemable.

A total of 50,000 shares of Preferred Stock will be reserved for
issuance upon exercise of the Rights. The Units of Preferred Stock that may be
acquired upon exercise of the Rights will be nonredeemable and subordinate to
any other shares of preferred stock that may be issued by the Company.

Each Unit of Preferred Stock will have a minimum preferential
quarterly dividend rate of $.01 per Unit but will, in any event, be entitled to
a dividend equal to the per share dividend declared on the Company Common Stock.
<PAGE>

5

In the event of liquidation, the holder of a Unit of Preferred Stock
will receive a preferred liquidation payment equal to the greater of $125 per
Unit and the per share amount paid in respect of a share of Company Common
Stock.

Each Unit of Preferred Stock will have one vote, voting together with
the Company Common Stock.

In the event of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in
which shares of Company Common Stock are exchanged, each Unit of Preferred Stock
will be entitled to receive the per share amount paid in respect of each share
of Company Common Stock.

The rights of holders of the Preferred Stock to dividends, liquidation
and voting, and in the event of mergers and consolidations, are protected by
customary antidilution provisions.

Because of the nature of the Preferred Stock's dividend, liquidation
and voting rights, the economic value of one Unit of Preferred Stock that may be
acquired upon the exercise of each Right should approximate the economic value
of one share of Company Common Stock.

The Rights may have certain anti-takeover effects. The Rights will
cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire the
Company on terms not approved by a majority of the Independent Directors unless
the offer is conditioned on a substantial number of Rights being acquired.
However, the Rights should not interfere with any merger or other business
combination approved by a majority of the Independent Directors because the
Rights may be redeemed by the Company at $.01 per Right at any time on or prior
to the tenth business day following the Stock Acquisition Date (subject to
extension by a majority of the Independent Directors). Thus, the Rights are
intended to encourage persons who may seek to acquire control of the Company to
initiate such an acquisition through negotiations with the Board of Directors.
However, the effect of the Rights may be to discourage a third party from making
a partial tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain a substantial equity
position in the equity securities of, or seeking to obtain control of, the
Company. To the extent any potential acquirors are deterred by the Rights, the
Rights may have the effect of preserving incumbent management in office.

The Rights Agreement between the Company and the Rights Agent
specifying the terms of the Rights, which includes as Exhibit A the Form of
Rights Certificate, is attached hereto as Exhibit 4 and is incorporated herein
by reference. The foregoing description of the Rights does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such Exhibit 4.
<PAGE>

6

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits
- - ------------------------------------------

Exhibit 4 Rights Agreement dated as of October 6, 1994, between
Magma Power Company and Chemical Trust Company of
California, including Form of Rights Certificate as
Exhibit A, Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Stock
as Exhibit B and the Certificate of Designation for the
Preferred Stock as Exhibit C.

Exhibit 99 Press Release dated October 3, 1994.

<PAGE>

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registration has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

MAGMA POWER COMPANY

/s/ Jon R. Peele
By ------------------------------------
Name: Jon R. Peele
Title: Executive Vice President 

Date: October 4, 1994
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT INDEX
-------------

Exhibit
No. Description
------- -----------

4 Rights Agreement dated as of October 6, 1994, between Magma
Power Company and Chemical Trust Company of California,
including Form of Rights Certificate as Exhibit A, Summary
ofRights to Purchase Preferred Stock as Exhibit B and
Certificate of Designation for the Preferred Stock as Exhibit C.

99 Press Release
dated October 3, 1994.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MAGMA POWER COMPANY

and

CHEMICAL TRUST COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

Rights Agent

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rights Agreement

Dated as of October 6, 1994

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S> <C> <C>
SECTION 1. Certain Definitions............................ 1

SECTION 2. Appointment of Rights Agent.................... 4

SECTION 3. Issue of Rights Certificates................... 4

SECTION 4. Form of Rights Certificates.................... 5

SECTION 5. Countersignature and Registration.............. 6

SECTION 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange 
of Rights Certificates; 
Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Rights 
Certificates................................... 7

SECTION 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration
Date of Rights................................. 7

SECTION 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Rights
Certificates................................... 9

SECTION 9. Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock.. 10

SECTION 10. Preferred Stock Record Date.................... 11

SECTION 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind
of Shares or Number of Rights................. 11

SECTION 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or
Number of Shares............................... 20

SECTION 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of
Assets or Earning Power....................... 20

SECTION 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares........ 23

SECTION 15. Rights of Action............................... 24

SECTION 16. Agreement of Rights Holders.................... 24

SECTION 17. Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a
Shareholder.................................... 25

SECTION 18. Concerning the Rights Agent.................... 25

SECTION 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of
Rights Agent................................... 26

SECTION 20. Duties of Rights Agent......................... 26

SECTION 21. Change of Rights Agent......................... 29

SECTION 22. Issuance of New Rights Certificates............ 29

</TABLE>

i
<PAGE>

<TABLE>

<S> <C> <C>
SECTION 23. Redemption and Termination..................... 30

SECTION 24. Notice of Certain Events....................... 30

SECTION 25. Notices........................................ 31

SECTION 26. Supplements and Amendments..................... 32

SECTION 27. Successors..................................... 32

SECTION 28. Determinations and Actions by the Board of
Directors, etc................................. 33

SECTION 29. Benefits of this Agreement..................... 33

SECTION 30. Severability................................... 33

SECTION 31. Governing Law.................................. 33

SECTION 32. Counterparts................................... 34

SECTION 33. Descriptive Headings........................... 34

SECTION 34. Exchange....................................... 34
</TABLE>

ii
<PAGE>

RIGHTS AGREEMENT
----------------

RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of October 6, 1994 (the "Agreement"),
--------- 
between Magma Power Company, a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Chemical
------- 
Trust Company of California, a California Corporation (the "Rights Agent").
------------ 

WHEREAS, effective October 3, 1994 (the "Rights Dividend Declaration
---------------------------
Date"), the Board of Directors of the Company authorized and declared a
- - ---- 
distribution of one Right for each share of common stock, par value $.10 per
share, of the Company (the "Company Common Stock") outstanding at the Close of
-------------------- 
Business on October 14, 1994 (the "Record Date"), and has authorized the
----------- 
issuance of one Right (as such number may hereinafter be adjusted pursuant
hereto) for each share of Company Common Stock issued between the Record Date
(whether originally issued or delivered from the Company's treasury) and, except
as otherwise provided in Section 22, the Distribution Date, each Right initially
representing the right to purchase upon the terms and subject to the conditions
hereinafter set forth one Unit of Series A Preferred Stock (the "Rights");
------ 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the
------------------- 
following terms have the meanings indicated:

(a) "Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person (other than the
---------------- 
Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan
maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any trustee or
fiduciary with respect to such plan acting in such capacity) which shall be
the Beneficial Owner of 10% or more of the shares of Company Common Stock
then outstanding; provided, however, that neither The Dow Chemical Company 
-------- -------
nor The B.C. McCabe Foundation shall be an Acquiring Person unless and
until such stockholder becomes the Beneficial Owner of 4% or more of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock in addition to the number of
shares such stockholder beneficially owns at the time such stockholder
becomes the Beneficial Owner of such additional shares and the aggregate
---
number of shares of Company Common Stock beneficially owned by such
stockholder is 10% or more of the shares of Company Common Stock
outstanding.

(b) "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings
--------- --------- 
ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"),
------------ 
as in effect on the date hereof.

(c) A Person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of, and shall be
---------------- 
deemed to "beneficially own", any securities:

(i) of which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
Associates is considered to be a "beneficial owner" under Rule 13d-3
of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act (the

"Exchange Act Regulations") as in effect on the date hereof;
------------------------- 
provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the "Beneficial
-------- ------- 
Owner" of, or to "beneficially own", any securities
<PAGE>

2

under this subparagraph (i) as a result of an agreement, arrangement
or understanding to vote such securities if such agreement,
arrangement or understanding (A) arises solely from a revocable proxy
given in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant
to, and in accordance with, the applicable provisions of the Exchange
Act and the Exchange Act Regulations, and (B) is not reportable by
such Person on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable
or successor report);

(ii) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any
other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate of such other Person)
with which such Person (or any of such Person's Affiliates or
Associates) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether
or not in writing), for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting
(except pursuant to a revocable proxy as described in the proviso to
subparagraph (i) of this paragraph (c)) or disposing of such
securities; or

(iii) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to acquire (whether
such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of
time or upon the satisfaction of conditions) pursuant to any
agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing)
or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights,
warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however, that under this
-------- ------- 
paragraph (c) a Person shall not be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of,
or to "beneficially own", (A) securities tendered pursuant to a
tender or exchange offer made in accordance with Exchange Act
Regulations by such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
Associates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase
or exchange, (B) securities that may be issued upon exercise of
Rights at any time prior to the occurrence of a Triggering Event, or
(C) securities that may be issued upon exercise of Rights from and
after the occurrence of a Triggering Event, which Rights were
acquired by such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
Associates prior to the Distribution Date or pursuant to Section 3(c)
or Section 22 hereof (the "Original Rights") or pursuant to Section
--------------- 
11(i) hereof in connection with an adjustment made with respect to
any Original Rights.

(d) "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday
------------ 
or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or
obligated by law or executive order to close.

(e) "Close of Business" on any given date shall mean 5:00 P.M., New
----------------- 
York City time, on such date; provided, however, that if such date is not a
-------- ------- 
Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the next
succeeding Business Day.

(f) "Common Stock" of any Person other than the Company shall mean
------------ 
the capital stock of such Person with the greatest voting power, or, if
such Person shall have
<PAGE>

3

no capital stock, the equity securities or other equity interest having
power to control or direct the management of such Person.

(g) "Company Common Stock" has the meaning set forth in the Whereas
-------------------- 
Clause.

(h) "Distribution Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).
----------------- 

(i) "Expiration Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(a).
--------------- 

(j) "Independent Director" shall mean a member of the Board of
-------------------- 
Directors of the Company who is not, and has never been, an officer or
employee of the Company, who is not an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or
Associate of an Acquiring Person or a representative or nominee of an
Acquiring Person or of any such Affiliate or Associate, and who either (i)
was a member of the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the date
hereof or (ii) subsequently became a director of the Company and whose
election or nomination for election is approved or recommended by a vote of
a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company, which majority
includes a majority of the Independent Directors then on the Board of
Directors.

(k) "Person" shall mean any individual, partnership, firm,
------ 
corporation, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other
entity, as well as any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under
Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act.

(l) "Preferred Stock" shall mean the Series A Preferred Stock, par
--------------- 
value $.10 per share, of the Company having the voting powers, designation,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights
and qualifications, limitations and restrictions described in the
Certificate of Designations set forth as Exhibit C hereto.

(m) "Purchase Price" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).
-------------- 

(n) "Record Date" has the meaning set forth in the Whereas Clause.
----------- 

(o) "Right" has the meaning set forth in the Whereas Clause.
----- 

(p) "Rights Certificate" has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).
------------------ 

(q) "Rights Dividend Declaration Date" has the meaning set forth in
-------------------------------- 
the Whereas Clause.

(r) "Section 11(a)(ii) Event" shall mean any event described in
----------------------- 
Section 11(a)(ii)(A), (B) or (C) hereof.

(s) "Section 13 Event" shall mean any event described in clause (x),
---------------- 
(y) or (z) of Section 13(a) hereof.
<PAGE>

4

(t) "Stock Acquisition Date" shall mean the first date of public
---------------------- 
announcement (including, without limitation, the filing of any report
pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) by the Company or an
Acquiring Person that an Acquiring Person has become such.

(u) "Subsidiary" shall mean, with reference to any Person, any other
---------- 
Person of which an amount of voting securities or equity interests
sufficient to elect at least a majority of the directors or equivalent
governing body of such other Person is beneficially owned, directly or
indirectly, by such Person, or otherwise controlled by such first-mentioned
Person.

(v) "Summary of Rights" has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b).
----------------- 

(w) "Triggering Event" shall mean any Section 11(a)(ii) Event or any
---------------- 
Section 13 Event.

(x) "Unit" has the meaning set forth in Section 7(b).
---- 

SECTION 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints
--------------------------- 
the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the terms
and conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment.
With the consent of the Rights Agent, the Company may from time to time appoint
such co-rights agents as it may deem necessary or desirable.

SECTION 3. Issue of Rights Certificates. (a) Until the earlier of
---------------------------- 
(i) the Close of Business on the tenth Business Day after the Stock Acquisition
Date, and (ii) the Close of Business on the tenth Business Day (or such later
date as may be determined by action of a majority of the Independent Directors
prior to such time) after the date that a tender or exchange offer by any Person
(other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit
plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any trustee or
fiduciary with respect to such plan acting in such capacity) is first published
or sent or given within the meaning of Rule 14d-4(a) of the Exchange Act
Regulations or any successor rule, if upon consummation thereof such Person
would be the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the shares of Company Common
Stock then outstanding (the earlier of (i) and (ii) above being the

"Distribution Date"), (x) the Rights will be evidenced (subject to the
- - ------------------ 
provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 3) by the certificates for shares of
Company Common Stock registered in the names of the holders of shares of Company
Common Stock as of and subsequent to the Record Date (which certificates for
shares of Company Common Stock shall be deemed also to be certificates for
Rights) and not by separate certificates, and (y) the Rights will be
transferable only in connection with the transfer of the underlying shares of
Company Common Stock (including a transfer to the Company). As soon as
practicable after the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will send by first-
class, insured, postage prepaid mail, to each record holder of shares of Company
Common Stock as of the Close of Business on the Distribution Date, at the
address of such holder shown on the records of the Company, one or more rights
certificates, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto (the "Rights
------
Certificates"), evidencing one Right for each share of Company Common Stock so
- - ------------ 
held, subject to adjustment as provided herein.
<PAGE>

5

In the event that an adjustment in the number of Rights per share of Company
Common Stock has been made pursuant to Section 11(p) hereof, at the time of
distribution of the Rights Certificates, the Company may make the necessary and
appropriate rounding adjustments (in accordance with Section 14(a) hereof) so
that Rights Certificates representing only whole numbers of Rights are
distributed and cash is paid in lieu of any fractional Rights. As of and after
the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced solely by such Rights
Certificates.

(b) As promptly as practicable following the Record Date, the Company
will send a copy of a Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Stock, in a form
which may be appended to certificates that represent shares of Company Common
Stock, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "Summary of
----------
Rights"), by first-class, postage prepaid mail, to each record holder of shares
- - ------ 
of Company Common Stock as of the Close of Business on the Record Date, at the
address of such holder shown on the records of the Company.

(c) Rights shall, without any further action, be issued in respect of
all shares of Company Common Stock which are issued (including any shares of
Company Common Stock held in treasury) after the Record Date but prior to the
earlier of the Distribution Date and the Expiration Date. Certificates,
representing such shares of Company Common Stock, issued after the Record Date
shall bear the following legend:

"This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to
certain Rights as set forth in the Rights Agreement between Magma Power
Company (the "Company") and Chemical Trust Company of California (the

"Rights Agent") dated as of October 6, 1994 (the "Rights Agreement"), the
------------- ---------------- 
terms of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference and a copy of
which is on file at the principal office of the stock transfer
administration office of the Rights Agent. Under certain circumstances, as
set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will be evidenced by
separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this certificate.
The Company will mail to the holder of this certificate a copy of the
Rights Agreement, as in effect on the date of mailing, without charge
promptly after receipt of a written request therefor. Under certain
circumstances set forth in the Rights Agreement, Rights issued to, or held
by, any Person who is, was or becomes an Acquiring Person or any Affiliate
or Associate thereof (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement),
whether currently held by or on behalf of such Person or by any subsequent
holder, may become null and void." With respect to certificates
representing shares of Company Common Stock (whether or not such
certificates include the foregoing legend or have appended to them the
Summary of Rights), until the earlier of the Distribution Date and the
Expiration Date, the Rights associated with the shares of Company Common
Stock represented by such certificates shall be evidenced by such
certificates alone and registered holders of the shares of Company Common
Stock shall also be the registered holders of the associated Rights, and
the transfer of any of such certificates shall also constitute the transfer
of the Rights associated with the shares of Company Common Stock
represented by such certificates.

SECTION 4. Form of Rights Certificates. (a) The Rights Certificates
--------------------------- 
(and the forms of election to purchase, assignment and certificate to be printed
on the reverse thereof) shall each be substantially in the form set forth in
Exhibit A hereto and may have such marks
<PAGE>

6

of identification or designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements
printed thereon as the Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent
with the provisions of this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any
applicable law or any rule or regulation thereunder or with any rule or
regulation of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the
Rights may from time to time be listed or to conform to usage. Subject to the
provisions of Section 11 and Section 22 hereof, the Rights Certificates,
whenever distributed, shall be dated as of the Record Date and on their face
shall entitle the holders thereof to purchase such number of Units of Preferred
Stock as shall be set forth therein at the price set forth therein, but the
amount and type of securities, cash or other assets that may be acquired upon
the exercise of each Right and the Purchase Price thereof shall be subject to
adjustment as provided herein.

(b) Any Rights Certificate issued pursuant hereto that represents
Rights beneficially owned by: (i) an Acquiring Person or any Associate or
Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or
of any such Associate or Affiliate) which becomes a transferee after the
Acquiring Person becomes such, or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or
of any such Associate or Affiliate) which becomes a transferee prior to or
concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming such and which receives such
Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from
the Acquiring Person (or any such Associate or Affiliate) to holders of equity
interests in such Acquiring Person (or such Associate or Affiliate) or to any
Person with whom such Acquiring Person (or such Associate or Affiliate) has any
continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding either the
transferred Rights, shares of Company Common Stock or the Company or (B) a
transfer which a majority of the Independent Directors has determined to be part
of a plan, arrangement or understanding which has as a primary purpose or effect
the avoidance of Section 7(e) hereof shall, upon the written direction of a
majority of the Independent Directors, contain (to the extent feasible) the
following legend:

The Rights represented by this Rights Certificate are or were
beneficially owned by a Person who was or became an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in
the Rights Agreement). Accordingly, this Rights Certificate and the Rights
represented hereby may become null and void in the circumstances specified
in Section 7(e) of such Agreement.

SECTION 5. Countersignature and Registration. (a) Rights
--------------------------------- 
Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the
Board, the President or one of its Vice Presidents under its corporate seal
reproduced thereon attested by its Secretary, Treasurer or one of its Assistant
Secretaries. The signature of any of these officers on the Rights Certificates
may be manual or facsimile. Rights Certificates bearing the manual or facsimile
signatures of the individuals who were at any time the proper officers of the
Company shall bind the Company, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of
them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the countersignature of such
Rights Certificates or did not hold such offices at the date of such Rights
Certificates. No Rights Certificate shall be entitled to any benefit under this
Agreement or be valid for any purpose unless there appears on such Rights
Certificate a countersignature duly executed by the Rights Agent by manual
signature of an authorized signatory, and such countersignature upon any Rights
Certificate shall be conclusive evidence,
<PAGE>

7

and the only evidence, that such Rights Certificate has been duly countersigned
as required hereunder.

(b) Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep or
cause to be kept, at its office designated for surrender of Rights Certificates
upon exercise or transfer, books for registration and transfer of the Rights
Certificates issued hereunder. Such books shall show the name and address of
each holder of the Rights Certificates, the number of Rights evidenced on its
face by each Rights Certificate and the date of each Rights Certificate.

SECTION 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Rights
------------------------------------------------------
Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Rights Certificates. (a)
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Subject to the provisions of Sections 4(b), 7(e) and 14 hereof, at any time
after the Close of Business on the Distribution Date, and at or prior to the
Close of Business on the Expiration Date, any Rights Certificate or Certificates
may be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged for another Rights
Certificate or Certificates, entitling the registered holder to purchase a like
number of Units of Preferred Stock (or, following a Triggering Event, other
securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) as the Rights Certificate
or Certificates surrendered then entitled such holder to purchase. Any
registered holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any Rights
Certificate or Certificates shall make such request in writing delivered to the
Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Rights Certificate or Certificates to be
transferred, split up, combined or exchanged at the office of the Rights Agent
designated for such purpose. Neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be
obligated to take any action whatsoever with respect to the transfer of any such
surrendered Rights Certificate until the registered holder shall have completed
and executed the certificate set forth in the form of assignment on the reverse
side of such Rights Certificate and shall have provided such additional evidence
of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) of the
Rights represented by such Rights Certificate or Affiliates or Associates
thereof as the Company shall reasonably request; whereupon the Rights Agent
shall, subject to the provisions of Section 4(b), Section 7(e) and Section 14
hereof, countersign and deliver to the Person entitled thereto a Rights
Certificate or Rights Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The
Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental
charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, split up,
combination or exchange of Rights Certificates.

(b) If a Rights Certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or
destroyed, upon request by the registered holder of the Rights represented
thereby and upon payment to the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable
expenses incident thereto, there shall be issued, in exchange for and upon
cancellation of the mutilated Rights Certificate, or in substitution for the
lost, stolen or destroyed Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate, in
substantially the form of the prior Rights Certificate, of like tenor and
representing the equivalent number of Rights, but, in the case of loss, theft or
destruction, only upon receipt of evidence satisfactory to the Company and the
Rights Agent of such loss, theft or destruction of such Rights Certificate and,
if requested by the Company or the Rights Agent, indemnity also satisfactory to
it.

SECTION 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of
------------------------------------------------------
Rights. (a) Prior to the earlier of (i) the Close of Business on the tenth
- - ------ 
anniversary hereof (the "Final Expiration Date"), and (ii) the time at which the
--------------------- 
Rights are redeemed as provided in Section 23
<PAGE>

8

hereof (the earlier of (i) and (ii) being the "Expiration Date"), the registered
--------------- 
holder of any Rights Certificate may, subject to the provisions of Sections 7(e)
and 9(c) hereof, exercise the Rights evidenced thereby in whole or in part at
any time after the Distribution Date upon surrender of the Rights Certificate,
with the form of election to purchase and the certificate on the reverse side
thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the office of the Rights Agent
designated for such purpose, together with payment of the aggregate Purchase
Price (as hereinafter defined) for the number of Units of Preferred Stock (or,
following a Triggering Event, other securities, cash or other assets, as the
case may be) for which such surrendered Rights are then exercisable.

(b) The purchase price for each one one-thousandth of a share (each
such one one-thousandth of a share being a "Unit") of Preferred Stock upon
---- 
exercise of Rights shall be $125, subject to adjustment from time to time as
provided in Sections 11 and 13(a) hereof (such purchase price, as so adjusted,
being the "Purchase Price"), and shall be payable in accordance with paragraph
-------------- 
(c) below.

(c) As promptly as practicable following the occurrence of the
Distribution Date, the Company shall deposit with a corporation in good standing
organized under the laws of the United States or any State of the United States,
which is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust or stock
transfer powers and is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state
authority (such institution being the "Depositary Agent"), certificates
---------------- 
representing the shares of Preferred Stock that may be acquired upon exercise of
the Rights and shall cause such Depositary Agent to enter into an agreement
pursuant to which the Depositary Agent shall issue receipts representing
interests in the shares of Preferred Stock so deposited. Upon receipt of a
Rights Certificate representing exercisable Rights, with the form of election to
purchase and the certificate duly executed, accompanied by payment, with respect
to each Right so exercised, of the Purchase Price for the Units of Preferred
Stock (or, following a Triggering Event, other securities, cash or other assets,
as the case may be) to be purchased thereby as set forth below and an amount
equal to any applicable transfer tax or evidence satisfactory to the Company of
payment of such tax, the Rights Agent shall, subject to Section 20(k) hereof,
thereupon promptly (i) requisition from the Depositary Agent depositary receipts
representing such number of Units of Preferred Stock as are to be purchased and
the Company will direct the Depositary Agent to comply with such request, (ii)
requisition from the Company the amount of cash, if any, to be paid in lieu of
fractional shares in accordance with Section 14 hereof, (iii) after receipt of
such depositary receipts, cause the same to be delivered to or upon the order of
the registered holder of such Rights Certificate, registered in such name or
names as may be designated by such holder, and (iv) after receipt thereof,
deliver such cash, if any, to or upon the order of the registered holder of such
Rights Certificate. In the event that the Company is obligated to issue Company
Common Stock, other securities of the Company, pay cash and/or distribute other
property pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof, the Company will make all
arrangements necessary so that such Company Common Stock, other securities, cash
and/or other property are available for distribution by the Rights Agent, if and
when appropriate. The payment of the Purchase Price (as such amount may be
reduced pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof) may be made in cash or by
certified or bank check or money order payable to the order of the Company.
<PAGE>

9

(d) In case the registered holder of any Rights Certificate shall
exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Rights Certificate
evidencing the Rights remaining unexercised shall be issued by the Rights Agent
and delivered to, or upon the order of, the registered holder of such Rights
Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such
holder, subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof.

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, from
and after the first occurrence of any Section 11(a)(ii) Event, any Rights
beneficially owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Associate or Affiliate of an
Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such
Associate or Affiliate) which becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person
becomes such, or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such
Associate or Affiliate) which becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with
the Acquiring Person becoming such and which receives such Rights pursuant to
either (A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring
Person (or any such Associate or Affiliate) to holders of equity interests in
such Acquiring Person (or any such Associate or Affiliate) or to any Person with
whom the Acquiring Person (or such Associate or Affiliate) has any continuing
agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding the transferred Rights, shares
of Company Common Stock or the Company or (B) a transfer which a majority of the
Independent Directors has determined to be part of a plan, arrangement or
understanding which has as a primary purpose or effect the avoidance of this
Section 7(e), shall be null and void without any further action, and no holder
of such Rights shall have any rights whatsoever with respect to such Rights,
whether under any provision of this Agreement or otherwise. The Company shall
use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the provisions of this Section 7(e)
and Section 4(b) hereof are complied with, but shall have no liability to any
holder of Rights or any other Person as a result of its failure to make any
determination under this Section 7(e) or such Section 4(b) with respect to an
Acquiring Person or its Affiliates, Associates or transferees.

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Rights
Certificate to the contrary, neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be
obligated to undertake any action with respect to a registered holder upon the
occurrence of any purported exercise by such registered holder unless such
registered holder shall have (i) completed and executed the certificate
following the form of election to purchase set forth on the reverse side of the
Rights Certificate surrendered for such exercise, and (ii) provided such
additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former
Beneficial Owner) of the Rights represented by such Rights Certificate or
Affiliates or Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request.

SECTION 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Rights Certificates. All
--------------------------------------------------- 
Rights Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise, transfer, split up,
combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the Company or any of its
agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation or in cancelled form,
or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent, shall be cancelled by it, and no Rights
Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by
this Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation
and retirement, and the Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any Rights
Certificates acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof.
The Rights Agent shall deliver all cancelled Rights Certificates to the Company,
or shall, at the written request of the Company, destroy such
<PAGE>

10

cancelled Rights Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a certificate of
destruction thereof to the Company.

SECTION 9. Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock. (a) The
--------------------------------------------- 
Company shall at all times prior to the Expiration Date cause to be reserved and
kept available, out of its authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock,
the number of shares of Preferred Stock that, as provided in this Agreement,
will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights.
Upon the occurrence of any events resulting in an increase in the aggregate
number of shares of Preferred Stock (or other equity securities of the Company)
issuable upon exercise of all outstanding Rights above the number then reserved,
the Company shall make appropriate increases in the number of shares so
reserved.

(b) If the shares of Preferred Stock to be issued and delivered upon
the exercise of the Rights may be listed on any national securities exchange,
the Company shall during the period from the Distribution Date through the
Expiration Date use its best efforts to cause all securities reserved for such
issuance to be listed on such exchange upon official notice of issuance upon
such exercise.

(c) The Company shall use its best efforts (i) as soon as practicable
following the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event and a determination by the
Company in accordance with Section 11(a)(iii) hereof of the consideration to be
delivered by the Company upon exercise of the Rights or, if so required by law,
as soon as practicable following the Distribution Date (such date being the

"Registration Date"), to file a registration statement on an appropriate form
- - ------------------ 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), with
-------------- 
respect to the securities that may be acquired upon exercise of the Rights (the
"Registration Statement"), (ii) to cause the Registration Statement to become
---------------------- 
effective as soon as practicable after such filing, (iii) to cause the
Registration Statement to continue to be effective (and to include a prospectus
complying with the requirements of the Securities Act) until the earlier of (A)
the date as of which the Rights are no longer exercisable for the securities
covered by the Registration Statement, and (B) the Expiration Date and (iv) to
take as soon as practicable following the Registration Date such action as may
be required to ensure that any acquisition of securities upon exercise of the
Rights complies with any applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws.

(d) The Company shall take such action as may be necessary to ensure
that all shares of Preferred Stock (and, following the occurrence of a
Triggering Event, any other securities that may be delivered upon exercise of
Rights) shall be, at the time of delivery of the certificates or depositary
receipts for such securities, duly and validly authorized and issued and fully
paid and non-assessable.

(e) The Company shall pay any documentary, stamp or transfer tax
imposed in connection with the issuance or delivery of the Rights Certificates
or upon the exercise of Rights; provided, however, the Company shall not be
-------- ------- 
required to pay any such tax imposed in connection with the issuance or delivery
of Units of Preferred Stock, or any certificates or depositary receipts for such
Units of Preferred Stock (or, following the occurrence of a Triggering Event,
any other securities, cash or assets, as the case may be) to any person other
than the registered holder of the Rights Certificates evidencing the Rights
surrendered for
<PAGE>

11

exercise. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any
certificates or depositary receipts for Units of Preferred Stock (or, following
the occurrence of a Triggering Event, any other securities, cash or assets, as
the case may be) to, or in a name other than that of, the registered holder upon
the exercise of any Rights until any such tax shall have been paid (any such tax
being payable by the holder of such Rights Certificate at the time of surrender)
or until it has been established to the Company's satisfaction that no such tax
is due.

SECTION 10. Preferred Stock Record Date. Each Person in whose name
--------------------------- 
any certificate for Units of Preferred Stock (or, following the occurrence of a
Triggering Event, other securities) is issued upon the exercise of Rights shall
for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of the Units of
Preferred Stock (or, following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, other
securities) represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the
date upon which the Rights Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly
surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price (and any applicable transfer
taxes) was made; provided, however, that if the date of such surrender and
-------- ------- 
payment is a date upon which the Preferred Stock (or, following the occurrence
of a Triggering Event, other securities) transfer books of the Company are
closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such
securities on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding Business
Day on which the Preferred Stock (or, following the occurrence of a Triggering
Event, other securities) transfer books of the Company are open and, further
-------
provided, however, that if delivery of Units of Preferred Stock is delayed
- - -------- ------- 
pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof, such Persons shall be deemed to have become the
record holders of such Units of Preferred Stock only when such Units first
become deliverable. Prior to the exercise of the Rights evidenced thereby, the
holder of a Rights Certificate shall not be entitled to any rights of a
stockholder of the Company with respect to securities for which the Rights shall
be exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to vote, to receive
dividends or other distributions or to exercise any preemptive rights, and shall
not be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company, except
as provided herein.

SECTION 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of Shares
-------------------------------------------------------
or Number of Rights. The Purchase Price, the number and kind of securities
- - ------------------- 
covered by each Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to
adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 11.

(a) (i) In the event the Company shall at any time after the date
of this Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Preferred Stock payable in
shares of Preferred Stock, (B) subdivide the outstanding Preferred Stock,
(C) combine the outstanding Preferred Stock into a smaller number of
shares, or (D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification
of the Preferred Stock (including any such reclassification in connection
with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or
surviving corporation), except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a),
the Purchase Price in effect at the time of the record date for such
dividend or of the effective date of such subdivision, combination or
reclassification, and the number and kind of shares of Preferred Stock or
capital stock, as the case may be, issuable on such date upon exercise of
the Rights, shall be proportionately adjusted so that the holder of any
Right exercised after such time shall be entitled to receive, upon payment
of the Purchase Price then in
<PAGE>

12

effect, the aggregate number and kind of shares of Preferred Stock or
capital stock, as the case may be, which, if such Right had been exercised
immediately prior to such date, such holder would have owned upon such
exercise and been entitled to receive by virtue of such dividend,
subdivision, combination or reclassification. If an event occurs which
would require an adjustment under both this Section 11(a)(i) and Section
11(a)(ii) hereof, the adjustment provided for in this Section 11(a)(i)
shall be in addition to, and shall be made prior to, any adjustment
required pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

(ii) In the event:

(A) any Acquiring Person or any Associate or Affiliate of any
Acquiring Person, at any time after the date of this Agreement,
directly or indirectly, (1) shall merge into the Company or otherwise
combine with the Company and the Company shall be the continuing or
surviving corporation of such merger or combination and Company
Common Stock shall remain outstanding and unchanged, (2) shall, in
one transaction or a series of transactions, transfer any assets to
the Company or to any of its Subsidiaries in exchange (in whole or in
part) for shares of Company Common Stock, for other equity securities
of the Company or any such Subsidiary, or for securities exercisable
for or convertible into shares of equity securities of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries (whether Company Common Stock or otherwise)
or otherwise obtain from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, with
or without consideration, any additional shares of such equity
securities or securities exercisable for or convertible into such
equity securities (other than pursuant to a pro rata distribution to
all holders of Company Common Stock), (3) shall sell, purchase,
lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or otherwise acquire or
dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, to, from
or with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any employee
benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any trustee or fiduciary with respect to such plan acting in such
capacity, assets (including securities) on terms and conditions less
favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary or plan than those that
could have been obtained in arm's-length negotiations with an
unaffiliated third party, other than pursuant to a transaction set
forth in Section 13(a) hereof, (4) shall sell, purchase, lease,
exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or otherwise acquire or dispose
of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, to, from or with
the Company or any of the Company's Subsidiaries or any employee
benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any trustee or fiduciary with respect to such plan acting in such
capacity (other than transactions, if any, consistent with those
engaged in, as of the date hereof, by the Company and such Acquiring
Person or such Associate or Affiliate), assets (including securities)
having an aggregate fair market value of more than $5,000,000, other
than pursuant to a transaction set forth in Section 13(a) hereof, (5)
shall sell, purchase, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or
otherwise acquire or dispose of, in one transaction or a series of
transactions, to, from or with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any trustee
<PAGE>

13

or fiduciary with respect to such plan acting in such capacity, any
material trademark or material service mark, other than pursuant to a
transaction set forth in Section 13(a) hereof, (6) shall receive, or
any designee, agent or representative of such Acquiring Person or any
Affiliate or Associate of such Acquiring Person shall receive, any
compensation from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than
compensation for full-time employment as a regular employee at rates
in accordance with the Company's (or its Subsidiaries') past
practices, or (7) shall receive the benefit, directly or indirectly
(except proportionately as a holder of Company Common Stock or as
required by law or governmental regulation), of any loans, advances,
guarantees, pledges or other financial assistance or any tax credits
or other tax advantage provided by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or any trustee or fiduciary with respect
to such plan acting in such capacity; or

(B) any Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the
Company, any employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or any trustee or fiduciary with respect to such
plan acting in such capacity) shall become the Beneficial Owner of
10% or more of the shares of Company Common Stock then outstanding,
other than pursuant to any transaction set forth in Section 13(a)
hereof; or

(C) during such time as there is an Acquiring Person, there
shall be any reclassification of securities (including any reverse
stock split), or recapitalization of the Company, or any merger or
consolidation of the Company with any of its Subsidiaries or any
other transaction or series of transactions involving the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, other than a transaction or transactions to
which the provisions of Section 13(a) apply (whether or not with or
into or otherwise involving an Acquiring Person), which has the
effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing by more than 1% the
proportionate share of the outstanding shares of any class of equity
securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is directly
or indirectly beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person or any
Associate or Affiliate of any Acquiring Person;

then, immediately upon the date of the occurrence of an event
---- 
described in Section 11(a)(ii)(A)-(C) hereof (a "Section 11(a)(ii)
-----------------
Event"), proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a
----- 
Right (except as provided below and in Section 7(e) hereof) shall
thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise thereof at the
then current Purchase Price in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, in lieu of the number of Units of Preferred Stock for
which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to the first
occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, such number of Units of
Preferred Stock as shall equal the result obtained by (x) multiplying
the then current Purchase Price by the then number of Units of
Preferred Stock for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior
to the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event (such product
thereafter
<PAGE>

14

being, for all purposes of this Agreement other than Section 13
hereof, the "Purchase Price"), and (y) dividing that product by 50%
-------------- 
of the then current market price (determined pursuant to Section
11(d) hereof) per Unit of Preferred Stock on the date of such first
occurrence (such Units of Preferred Stock being the "Adjustment
----------
Shares").
------ 

(iii) In the event that the number of shares of Preferred Stock
which are authorized by the Company's Articles of Incorporation but not
outstanding or reserved for issuance for purposes other than upon exercise
of the Rights is not sufficient to permit the exercise in full of the
Rights in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii) of this Section
11(a), the Company, by the vote of a majority of the Independent Directors,
shall: (A) determine the excess of (1) the value of the Adjustment Shares
issuable upon the exercise of a Right (the "Current Value") over (2) the
------------- 
Purchase Price (such excess being the "Spread"), and (B) with respect to
------ 
each Right, make adequate provision to substitute for such Adjustment
Shares, upon payment of the applicable Purchase Price, (1) cash, (2) a
reduction in the Purchase Price, (3) Company Common Stock or other equity
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, shares, or units
of shares, of preferred stock (such other shares being "preferred stock
---------------
equivalents")), (4) debt securities of the Company, (5) other assets, or
----------- 
(6) any combination of the foregoing, having an aggregate value equal to
the Current Value, where such aggregate value has been determined by a
majority of the Independent Directors, after receiving advice from a
nationally recognized investment banking firm; provided, however, that if
-------- ------- 
the Company shall not have made adequate provision to deliver value
pursuant to clause (B) above within thirty days following the later of (x)
the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event and (y) the date on which
the Company's right of redemption pursuant to Section 23(a) expires (the
later of (x) and (y) being referred to herein as the "Section 11(a)(iii)
------------------
Trigger Date"), then the Company shall be obligated to deliver, upon the
------------ 
surrender for exercise of a Right and without requiring payment of the
Purchase Price, Units of Preferred Stock (to the extent available) and
then, if necessary, cash, which Units of Preferred Stock and/or cash shall
have an aggregate value equal to the Spread. To the extent that the
Company determines that some action need be taken pursuant to the first
sentence of this Section 11(a)(iii), the Company shall provide, subject to
Section 7(e) hereof, that such action shall apply uniformly to all
outstanding Rights. For purposes of this Section 11(a)(iii), the value of
a Unit of Preferred Stock shall be the current market price (as determined
pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per Unit of Preferred Stock on the
Section 11(a)(iii) Trigger Date and the value of any preferred stock
equivalent shall be deemed to have the same value as the Preferred Stock on
such date.

(b) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the issuance of
rights, options or warrants to all holders of Preferred Stock entitling
them to subscribe for or purchase (for a period expiring within forty-five
calendar days after such record date) shares of Preferred Stock (or shares
having substantially the same rights, privileges and preferences as shares
of Preferred Stock ("Equivalent Preferred Stock")) or securities
-------------------------- 
convertible into Preferred Stock or Equivalent Preferred Stock at a price
per share of Preferred Stock or per share of Equivalent Preferred Stock (or
having a conversion price
<PAGE>

15

per share, if a security convertible into Preferred Stock or Equivalent
Preferred Stock) less than the current market price (as determined pursuant
to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of Preferred Stock on such record date,
the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be
determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to
such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the sum of
the number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding on such record date
plus the number of shares of Preferred Stock which the aggregate offering
price of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock and/or Equivalent
Preferred Stock so to be offered (and/or the aggregate initial conversion
price of the convertible securities so to be offered) would purchase at
such current market price, and the denominator of which shall be the number
of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding on such record date plus the
number of additional shares of Preferred Stock and/or Equivalent Preferred
Stock to be offered for subscription or purchase (or into which the
convertible securities so to be offered are initially convertible). In
case such subscription price may be paid by delivery of consideration part
or all of which may be in a form other than cash, the value of such
consideration shall be as determined in good faith by a majority of the
Independent Directors, whose determination shall be described in a
statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be binding on the Rights
Agent and the holders of the Rights. Shares of Preferred Stock owned by or
held for the account of the Company or any Subsidiary shall not be deemed
outstanding for the purpose of any such computation. Such adjustment shall
be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed, and in the event
that such rights or warrants are not so issued, the Purchase Price shall be
adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such
record date had not been fixed.

(c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for a distribution
to all holders of shares of Preferred Stock (including any such
distribution made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the
Company is the continuing corporation) of evidences of indebtedness, cash
(other than a regular quarterly cash dividend paid out of funds legally
available therefor), assets (other than a dividend payable in shares of
Preferred Stock, but including any dividend payable in stock other than
Preferred Stock) or subscription rights or warrants (excluding those
referred to in Section 11(b) hereof), the Purchase Price to be in effect
after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase
Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the current market price (as determined
pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of Preferred Stock on such
record date less the fair market value (as determined in good faith by a
majority of the Independent Directors, whose determination shall be
described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be binding
on the Rights Agent and the holder of the Rights) of the cash, assets or
evidences of indebtedness so to be distributed or of such subscription
rights or warrants distributable in respect of a share of Preferred Stock
and the denominator of which shall be such current market price (as
determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of Preferred Stock.
Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever such a record date is
fixed, and in the event that such distribution is not so made, the Purchase
Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would have been in
effect if such record date had not been fixed.
<PAGE>

16

(d) (i) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the "current market
price" per share of Company Common Stock or Common Stock on any date shall
be deemed to be the average of the daily closing prices per share of such
shares for the ten consecutive Trading Days (as such term is hereinafter
defined) immediately prior to such date; provided, however, if prior to the
-------- ------- 
expiration of such requisite ten Trading Day period the issuer announces
either (A) a dividend or distribution on such shares payable in such shares
or securities convertible into such shares (other than the Rights), or (B)
any subdivision, combination or reclassification of such shares, then,
following the ex-dividend date for such dividend or the record date for
such subdivision, as the case may be, the "current market price" shall be
properly adjusted to take into account such event. The closing price for
each day shall be, if the shares are listed and admitted to trading on a
national securities exchange, as reported in the principal consolidated
transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the
principal national securities exchange on which such shares are listed or
admitted to trading or, if such shares are not listed or admitted to
trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if
not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the
over-the-counter market, as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market ("Nasdaq")
or such other system then in use, or, if on any such date such shares are
not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and
asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in
such shares selected by a majority of the Independent Directors. If on any
such date no market maker is making a market in such shares, the fair value
of such shares on such date as determined in good faith by a majority of
the Independent Directors shall be used. If such shares are not publicly
held or not so listed or traded, "current market price" per share shall
mean the fair value per share as determined in good faith by a majority of
the Independent Directors, whose determination shall be described in a
statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all
purposes. The term "Trading Day" shall mean, if such shares are listed or
----------- 
admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, a day on which the
principal national securities exchange on which such shares are listed or
admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if such
shares are not so listed or admitted, a Business Day.

(ii) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the "current market
price" per share of Preferred Stock shall be determined in the same manner
as set forth above for Company Common Stock in clause (i) of this Section
11(d) (other than the fourth sentence thereof). If the current market
price per share of Preferred Stock cannot be determined in the manner
provided above or if the Preferred Stock is not publicly held or listed or
traded in a manner described in clause (i) of this Section 11(d), the
"current market price" per share of Preferred Stock shall be conclusively
deemed to be an amount equal to 1,000 (as such amount may be appropriately
adjusted for such events as stock splits, stock dividends and
recapitalizations with respect to Company Common Stock occurring after the
date of this Agreement) multiplied by the current market price per share of
Company Common Stock. If neither Company Common Stock nor Preferred Stock
is publicly held or so listed or traded, "current market price" per share
of the Preferred Stock shall mean the fair value per share as determined in
good faith by a majority of the Independent Directors whose determination
shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be
binding on the Rights Agent and the
<PAGE>

17

holders of the Rights. For all purposes of this Agreement, the "current
market price" of a Unit of Preferred Stock shall be equal to the "current
market price" of one share of Preferred Stock divided by 1,000.

(e) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment
in the Purchase Price shall be required unless such adjustment would
require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in the Purchase Price;

provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of this Section
-------- ------- 
11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into
account in any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under this Section
11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest one-thousandth of a
share of Company Common Stock or Common Stock or other share or ten-
thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, as the case may be.
Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section 11(e), any adjustment
required by this Section 11 shall be made no later than the earlier of (i)
three years from the date of the transaction which mandates such adjustment
and (ii) the Expiration Date.

(f) If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section
11(a)(ii) or 13(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised
shall become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock other than
Preferred Stock, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable
upon exercise of any Right and the Purchase Price thereof shall be subject
to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly
equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to the Preferred
Stock contained in Sections 11(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (g), (h), (i), (j),
(k), (l) and (m), and the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 13 and 14 hereof
with respect to the Preferred Stock shall apply on like terms to any such
other shares.

(g) All Rights originally issued by the Company subsequent to any
adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to
purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of Units of Preferred
Stock (or other securities or amount of cash or combination thereof) that
may be acquired from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the Rights,
all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

(h) Unless the Company shall have exercised its election as provided
in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a result of
the calculations made in Sections 11(b) and (c), each Right outstanding
immediately prior to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter
evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, that number
of Units of Preferred Stock (calculated to the nearest one ten-thousandth
of a Unit) obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the number of Units of Preferred
Stock covered by a Right immediately prior to this adjustment by (y) the
Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment of the
Purchase Price and (ii) dividing the product so obtained by the Purchase
Price in effect immediately after such adjustment of the Purchase Price.

(i) The Company may elect on or after the date of any adjustment of
the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in lieu of any
adjustment in the number of Units of Preferred Stock that may be acquired
upon the exercise of a Right. Each of
<PAGE>

18

the Rights outstanding after the adjustment in the number of Rights shall
be exercisable for the number of Units of Preferred Stock for which a Right
was exercisable immediately prior to such adjustment. Each Right held of
record prior to such adjustment of the number of Rights shall become that
number of Rights (calculated to the nearest ten-thousandth) obtained by
dividing the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to adjustment of
the Purchase Price by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after
adjustment of the Purchase Price. The Company shall make a public
announcement of its election to adjust the number of Rights, indicating the
record date for the adjustment, and, if known at the time, the amount of
the adjustment to be made. This record date may be the date on which the
Purchase Price is adjusted or any day thereafter, but, if the Rights
Certificates have been issued, shall be at least ten days later than the
date of such public announcement. If Rights Certificates have been issued,
upon each adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to this Section
11(i), the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, cause to be
distributed to holders of record of Rights Certificates on such record date
Rights Certificates evidencing, subject to Section 14 hereof, the
additional Rights to which such holders shall be entitled as a result of
such adjustment, or, at the option of the Company, shall cause to be
distributed to such holders of record in substitution and replacement for
the Rights Certificates held by such holders prior to the date of
adjustment, and upon surrender thereof, if required by the Company, new
Rights Certificates evidencing all the Rights to which such holders shall
be entitled after such adjustment. Rights Certificates to be so
distributed shall be issued, executed and countersigned in the manner
provided for herein (and may bear, at the option of the Company, the
adjusted Purchase Price) and shall be registered in the names of the
holders of record of Rights Certificates on the record date specified in
the public announcement.

(j) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price
or the number of Units of Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of the
Rights, the Rights Certificates theretofore and thereafter issued may
continue to express the Purchase Price per Unit and the number of Units of
Preferred Stock which were expressed in the Initial Rights Certificates
issued hereunder.

(k) Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment reducing
the Purchase Price below the then par value of the number of Units of
Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the Rights, the Company shall
take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be
necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue such
fully paid and non-assessable number of Units of Preferred Stock at such
adjusted Purchase Price.

(l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that an
adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date for
a specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of
such event the issuance to the holder of any Right exercised after such
record date of that number of Units of Preferred Stock and shares of other
capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such
exercise over and above the number of Units of Preferred Stock and shares
of other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon
such exercise on the
<PAGE>

19

basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior to such adjustment; provided,
-------- 
however, that the Company shall deliver to such holder a due bill or other
------- 
appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's right to receive such
additional shares (fractional or otherwise) or securities upon the
occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

(m) Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary notwithstanding, the
Company shall be entitled to make such reductions in the Purchase Price, in
addition to those adjustments expressly required by this Section 11, as and
to the extent that in their good faith judgment a majority of the
Independent Directors shall determine to be advisable in order that any (i)
consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred Stock, (ii) issuance wholly
for cash of any shares of Preferred Stock at less than the current market
price, (iii) issuance wholly for cash of shares of Preferred Stock or
securities which by their terms are convertible into or exchangeable for
shares of Preferred Stock, (iv) stock dividends or (v) issuance of rights,
options or warrants referred to in this Section 11, hereafter made by the
Company to holders of its Preferred Stock, shall not be taxable to such
holders or shall reduce the taxes payable by such holders.

(n) The Company shall not, at any time after the Distribution Date,
(i) consolidate with any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the
Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), (ii)
merge with or into any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company
in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or (iii) sell
or transfer (or permit any Subsidiary to sell or transfer), in one
transaction, or a series of transactions, assets or earning power
aggregating more than 50% of the assets or earning power of the Company and
its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons (other
than the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries in one or more transactions
each of which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), if (x) at the time of or
immediately after such consolidation, merger or sale there are any rights,
warrants or other instruments or securities outstanding or agreements in
effect which would substantially diminish or otherwise eliminate the
benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights or (y) prior to,
simultaneously with or immediately after such consolidation, merger or
sale, the Person which constitutes, or would constitute, the "Principal
Party" for purposes of Section 13(a) hereof shall have distributed or
otherwise transferred to its shareholders or other persons holding an
equity interest in such Person Rights previously owned by such Person or
any of its Affiliates and Associates; provided, however, this Section 11(n)
-------- ------- 
shall not affect the ability of any Subsidiary of the Company to
consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell or transfer assets or earning
power to, any other Subsidiary of the Company.

(o) After the Distribution Date, the Company shall not, except as
permitted by Section 23 or Section 26 hereof, take (or permit any
Subsidiary to take) any action if at the time such action is taken it is
reasonably foreseeable that such action will diminish substantially or
otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights.

(p) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in
the event that the Company shall at any time after the Rights Dividend
Declaration Date and prior
<PAGE>

20

to the Distribution Date (i) declare a dividend on the outstanding shares
of Company Common Stock payable in shares of Company Common Stock, (ii)
subdivide the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, (iii) combine the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock into a smaller number of shares,
or (iv) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of
Company Common Stock (including any such reclassification in connection
with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or
surviving corporation), the number of Rights associated with each share of
Company Common Stock then outstanding, or issued or delivered thereafter
but prior to the Distribution Date, shall be proportionately adjusted so
that the number of Rights thereafter associated with each share of Company
Common Stock following any such event shall equal the result obtained by
multiplying the number of Rights associated with each share of Company
Common Stock immediately prior to such event by a fraction the numerator of
which shall be the total number of shares of Company Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the occurrence of the event and the
denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of Company Common
Stock outstanding immediately following the occurrence of such event.

SECTION 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of
---------------------------------------------------
Shares. Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 or Section 13
- - ------ 
hereof, the Company shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth such
adjustment and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment,
(b) promptly file with the Rights Agent, and with each transfer agent for the
Preferred Stock and the Company Common Stock, a copy of such certificate, and
(c) mail a brief summary thereof to each holder of a Rights Certificate (or, if
prior to the Distribution Date, to each holder of a certificate representing
shares of Company Common Stock) in accordance with Section 25 hereof. The
Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying on any such certificate and on
any adjustment therein contained and shall not be deemed to have knowledge of
any such adjustment unless and until it shall have received such certificate.

SECTION 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets or
------------------------------------------------------
Earning Power. (a) In the event that, following the Stock Acquisition Date,
- - ------------- 
directly or indirectly, either (x) the Company shall consolidate with, or merge
with and into, any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a
transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), and the Company shall not
be the continuing or surviving corporation of such consolidation or merger, (y)
any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which
complies with Section 11(o) hereof) shall consolidate with, or merge with or
into, the Company, and the Company shall be the continuing or surviving
corporation of such consolidation or merger and, in connection with such
consolidation or merger, all or part of the outstanding shares of Company Common
Stock shall be converted into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any
other Person or cash or any other property, or (z) the Company shall sell or
otherwise transfer (or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise
transfer) to any Person or Persons (other than the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries in one or more transactions each of which complies with Section
11(o) hereof), in one or more transactions, assets or earning power aggregating
more than 50% of the assets or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(taken as a whole) (any such event being a "Section 13 Event"), then, and in
---------------- 
each such case, proper provision shall be made so that: (i) each holder of a
Right, except as provided in
<PAGE>

21

Section 7(e) hereof, shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon the
exercise thereof at the then current Purchase Price, such number of validly
authorized and issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock of
the Principal Party (as such term is hereinafter defined), which shares shall
not be subject to any liens, encumbrances, rights of first refusal, transfer
restrictions or other adverse claims, as shall be equal to the result obtained
by (1) multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the number of Units of
Preferred Stock for which a Right is exercisable immediately prior to the first
occurrence of a Section 13 Event (or, if a Section 11(a)(ii) Event has occurred
prior to the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, multiplying the number of
such Units for which a Right would be exercisable hereunder but for the
occurrence of such Section 11(a)(ii) Event by the Purchase Price which would be
in effect hereunder but for such first occurrence) and (2) dividing that product
(which, following the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, shall be the
"Purchase Price" for all purposes of this Agreement) by 50% of the current
market price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of the
Common Stock of such Principal Party on the date of consummation of such Section
13 Event; (ii) such Principal Party shall thereafter be liable for, and shall
assume, by virtue of such Section 13 Event, all the obligations and duties of
the Company pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) the term "Company" shall
thereafter be deemed to refer to such Principal Party, it being specifically
intended that the provisions of Section 11 hereof shall apply only to such
Principal Party following the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event; (iv) such
Principal Party shall take such steps (including, but not limited to, the
reservation of a sufficient number of shares of its Common Stock) in connection
with the consummation of any such transaction as may be necessary to ensure that
the provisions of this Agreement shall thereafter be applicable to its shares of
Common Stock thereafter deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights; and (v) the
provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof shall be of no further effect following
the first occurrence of any Section 13 Event.

(b) "Principal Party" shall mean:
--------------- 

(i) in the case of any transaction described in clause (x) or
(y) of the first sentence of Section 13(a), (A) the Person that is
the issuer of any securities into which shares of Company Common
Stock are converted in such merger or consolidation, or, if there is
more than one such issuer, the issuer of Common Stock that has the
highest aggregate current market price (determined pursuant to
Section 11(d) hereof) and (B) if no securities are so issued, the
Person that is the other party to such merger or consolidation, or,
if there is more than one such Person, the Person the Common Stock of
which has the highest aggregate current market price (determined
pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof); and

(ii) in the case of any transaction described in clause (z) of
the first sentence of Section 13(a), the Person that is the party
receiving the largest portion of the assets or earning power
transferred pursuant to such transaction or transactions, or, if each
Person that is a party to such transaction or transactions receives
the same portion of the assets or earning power transferred pursuant
to such transaction or transactions or if the Person receiving the
largest portion of the assets or earning power cannot be determined,
whichever Person the Common Stock of which has the highest aggregate
current market price
<PAGE>

22

(determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof); provided, however,
-------- ------- 
that in any such case, (1) if the Common Stock of such Person is not
at such time and has not been continuously over the preceding twelve-
month period registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act

("Registered Common Stock"), or such Person is not a corporation, and
------------------------- 
such Person is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Person that
has Registered Common Stock outstanding, "Principal Party" shall
refer to such other Person; (2) if the Common Stock of such Person is
not Registered Common Stock or such Person is not a corporation, and
such Person is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Person but
is not a direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Person which has
Registered Common Stock outstanding, "Principal Party" shall refer to
the ultimate parent entity of such first-mentioned Person; (3) if the
Common Stock of such Person is not Registered Common Stock or such
Person is not a corporation, and such Person is directly or
indirectly controlled by more than one Person, and one or more of
such other Persons has Registered Common Stock outstanding,
"Principal Party" shall refer to whichever of such other Persons is
the issuer of the Registered Common Stock having the highest
aggregate current market price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d)
hereof); and (4) if the Common Stock of such Person is not Registered
Common Stock or such Person is not a corporation, and such Person is
directly or indirectly controlled by more than one Person, and none
of such other Persons have Registered Common Stock outstanding,
"Principal Party" shall refer to whichever ultimate parent entity is
the corporation having the greatest shareholders equity or, if no
such ultimate parent entity is a corporation, shall refer to
whichever ultimate parent entity is the entity having the greatest
net assets.

(c) The Company shall not consummate any such consolidation, merger,
sale or transfer unless the Principal Party shall have a sufficient number of
authorized shares of its Common Stock which have not been issued or reserved for
issuance to permit the exercise in full of the Rights in accordance with this
Section 13, and unless prior thereto the Company and such Principal Party shall
have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement
providing for the terms set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section l3
and further providing that the Principal Party will:

(i) (A) file on an appropriate form, as soon as practicable
following the execution of such agreement, a registration statement
under the Securities Act with respect to the Common Stock that may be
acquired upon exercise of the Rights, (B) cause such registration
statement to remain effective (and to include a prospectus complying
with the requirements of the Securities Act) until the Expiration
Date, and (C) as soon as practicable following the execution of such
agreement, take such action as may be required to ensure that any
acquisition of such Common Stock upon the exercise of the Rights
complies with any applicable state security or "blue sky" laws; and
<PAGE>

23

(ii) deliver to holders of the Rights historical financial
statements for the Principal Party and each of its Affiliates which
comply in all respects with the requirements for registration on Form
10 under the Exchange Act.

(d) In case the Principal Party which is to be a party to a
transaction referred to in this Section 13 has a provision in any of its
authorized securities or in its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws or other
instrument governing its corporate affairs, which provision would have the
effect of (i) causing such Principal Party to issue, in connection with, or as a
consequence of, the consummation of a transaction referred to in this Section
13, shares of Common Stock of such Principal Party at less than the then current
market price per share (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) or
securities exercisable for, or convertible into, Common Stock of such Principal
Party at less than such then current market price (other than to holders of
Rights pursuant to this Section 13) or (ii) providing for any special payment,
tax or similar provisions in connection with the issuance of the Common Stock of
such Principal Party pursuant to the provisions of this Section 13; then, in
such event, the Company shall not consummate any such transaction unless prior
thereto the Company and such Principal Party shall have executed and delivered
to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement providing that the provision in
question of such Principal Party shall have been cancelled, waived or amended,
or that the authorized securities shall be redeemed, so that the applicable
provision will have no effect in connection with, or as a consequence of, the
consummation of the proposed transaction.

(e) The provisions of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to
successive mergers or consolidations or sales or other transfers. In the event
that a Section 13 Event shall occur at any time after the occurrence of a
Section 11(a)(ii) Event, the Rights which have not theretofore been exercised
shall thereafter become exercisable in the manner described in Section 13(a).

SECTION 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares. (a) The
--------------------------------------- 
Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Rights or to distribute
Rights Certificates which evidence fractional Rights. In lieu of such
fractional Rights, there shall be paid to the Persons to which such fractional
Rights would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to such fraction of
the market value of a whole Right. For purposes of this Section l4(a), the
market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the Rights for the
Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such fractional Rights would
have been otherwise issuable. The closing price of the Rights for any day shall
be, if the Rights are listed or admitted to trading on a national securities
exchange, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system
with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange
on which the Rights are listed or admitted to trading or, if the Rights are not
listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last
quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked
prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by Nasdaq or such other
system then in use or, if on any such date the Rights are not quoted by any such
organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a
professional market maker making a market in the Rights selected by a majority
of the Independent Directors. If on any such date no such market maker is
making a market in the Rights, the fair value of the Rights on such date as
determined in good faith by a majority of the Independent
<PAGE>

24

Directors shall be used and such determination shall be described in a statement
filed with the Rights Agent and the holders of the Rights.

(b) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of shares of
Preferred Stock (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-
thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock) upon exercise of the Rights or to
distribute certificates which evidence such fractional shares of Preferred Stock
(other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a
share of Preferred Stock). In lieu of such fractional shares of Preferred Stock
that are not integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share, the Company
may pay to the registered holders of Rights Certificates at the time such Rights
are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of
the then current market price of a share of Preferred Stock on the day of
exercise, determined in accordance with Section 11(d) hereof.

(c) The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the Rights expressly
waives his right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional shares upon
exercise of a Right, except as permitted by this Section 14.

SECTION 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in respect of
---------------- 
this Agreement, other than rights of action vested in the Rights Agent pursuant
to Section 18 hereof, are vested in the respective registered holders of the
Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders
of certificates representing shares of Company Common Stock); and any registered
holder of a Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of a
certificate representing shares of Company Common Stock), without the consent of
the Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Rights Certificate (or, prior to
the Distribution Date, of a certificate representing shares of Company Common
Stock), may, in his own behalf and for his own benefit, enforce, and may
institute and maintain any suit, action or proceeding against the Company or any
other Person to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, his right to exercise
the Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate in the manner provided in such
Rights Certificate and in this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing or any
remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is specifically acknowledged
that the holders of Rights would not have an adequate remedy at law for any
breach of this Agreement and shall be entitled to specific performance of the
obligations hereunder and injunctive relief against actual or threatened
violations of the obligations hereunder of any Person subject to this Agreement.

SECTION 16. Agreement of Rights Holders. Every holder of a Right by
--------------------------- 
accepting the same consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights Agent and
with every other holder of a Right that:

(a) prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be transferable
only in connection with the transfer of Company Common Stock;

(b) after the Distribution Date, the Rights Certificates are
transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered
at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such purposes, duly
endorsed or accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer and with the
appropriate forms and certificates duly executed;
<PAGE>

25

(c) subject to Section 6(a) and Section 7(f) hereof, the Company and
the Rights Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name a Rights
Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, the associated Company
Common Stock certificate) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and
of the Rights evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any notations of ownership
or writing on the Rights Certificates or the associated Company Common
Stock certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights
Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and neither the Company nor the Rights
Agent, subject to the last sentence of Section 7(e) hereof, shall be
affected by any notice to the contrary; and

(d) notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any liability to any
holder of a Right or any other Person as a result of its inability to
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement by reason of any
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order, decree or ruling issued
by a court of competent jurisdiction or by a governmental, regulatory or
administrative agency or commission, or any statute, rule, regulation or
executive order promulgated or enacted by any governmental authority,
prohibiting or otherwise restraining performance of such obligation;

provided, however, the Company must use its best efforts to have any such
-------- ------- 
order, decree or ruling lifted or otherwise overturned as promptly as
practicable.

SECTION 17. Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder. No
-------------------------------------------------- 
holder, as such, of any Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote, receive
dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the number of shares of
Preferred Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be
issuable on the exercise of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall anything
contained herein or in any Rights Certificate be construed to confer upon the
holder of any Rights Certificate, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of
the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any
matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold
consent to any corporate action, or, except as provided in Section 24 hereof, to
receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders, or to
receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or
Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate shall have been exercised in
accordance with the provisions hereof.

SECTION 18. Concerning the Rights Agent. (a) The Company agrees to
--------------------------- 
pay to the Rights Agent reasonable compensation for all services rendered by it
hereunder and, from time to time, on demand of the Rights Agent, its reasonable
expenses, including reasonable fees and disbursements of its counsel, incurred
in connection with the execution and administration of this Agreement and the
exercise and performance of its duties hereunder. The Company shall indemnify
the Rights Agent for, and hold it harmless against, any loss, liability, or
expense, incurred without negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the
part of the Rights Agent, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in
connection with the acceptance and administration of this Agreement, including
the costs and expenses of defending against any claim of liability hereunder.
<PAGE>

26

(b) The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no liability
for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in connection
with its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any Rights
Certificate or certificate for Preferred Stock or for other securities of the
Company, instrument of assignment or transfer, power of attorney, endorsement,
affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent, certificate, statement or other
paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, executed
and, where necessary, verified or acknowledged by the proper Person or Persons.
Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall 
the Rights Agent be liable for special, indirect or consequential loss or damage
of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the 
Rights Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and 
regardless of the form of the action.

SECTION 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights
---------------------------------------------------
Agent. (a) Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights
- - -----
Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation
resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any
successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the
corporate trust or shareholder services businesses of the Rights Agent or any
successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under this
Agreement without the execution or filing of any document or any further act on
the part of any of the parties hereto; provided, however, that such corporation
-------- ------- 
would be eligible for appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the
provisions of Section 21 hereof. In case at the time such successor Rights
Agent shall succeed to the agency created by this Agreement, any of the Rights
Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor
Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature of a predecessor Rights Agent and
deliver such Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any
of the Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor
Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in the name of the
predecessor or in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such cases
such Rights Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Rights
Certificates and in this Agreement.

(b) In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be changed
and at such time any of the Rights Certificates shall have been countersigned
but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature under its
prior name and deliver Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that
time any of the Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the
Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in its prior name
or in its changed name; and in all such cases such Rights Certificates shall
have the full force provided in the Rights Certificates and in this Agreement.

SECTION 20. Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent undertakes the
---------------------- 
duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the following terms and
conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of Rights Certificates,
by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

(a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be
legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion of such counsel shall be
full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as to
any action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such
opinion.

(b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement
the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or
matter (including, without
<PAGE>

27

limitation, the identity of any Acquiring Person and the determination of
"current market price") be proved or established by the Company prior to
taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other
evidence in respect thereof be specified herein) may be deemed to be
conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed by the Chairman
of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any
Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the
Company and delivered to the Rights Agent; provided, however, that so long
-------- ------- 
as any Person is an Acquiring Person hereunder, such certificate shall be
signed and delivered by a majority of the Independent Directors; and such
certificate shall be full authorization to the Rights Agent for any action
taken or suffered in good faith by it under the provisions of this
Agreement in reliance upon such certificate.

(c) The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.

(d) The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any of
the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the
Rights Certificates or be required to verify the same (except as to its
countersignature on such Rights Certificates), but all such statements and
recitals are and shall be deemed to have been made by the Company only.

(e) The Rights Agent shall not have any responsibility for the
validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof (except the
due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or for the validity or execution
of any Rights Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall
it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or failure
by the Company to satisfy conditions contained in this Agreement or in any
Rights Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for any adjustment required
under the provisions of Section 11 or Section 13 hereof or for the manner,
method or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the
existence of facts that would require any such adjustment (except with
respect to the exercise of Rights evidenced by Rights Certificates after
receipt by the Rights Agent of the certificate describing any such
adjustment contemplated by Section 12); nor shall it by any act hereunder
be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or
reservation of any shares of Preferred Stock or any other securities to be
issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Rights Certificate or as to
whether any shares of Preferred Stock or any other securities will, when so
issued, be validly authorized and issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

(f) The Company shall perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or
cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and delivered all such
further acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by
the Rights Agent for the performance by the Rights Agent of its duties
under this Agreement.

(g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to accept
instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from
the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the
Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or any Assistant
Treasurer of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice or
<PAGE>

28

instructions in connection with its duties, and it shall not be liable for
any action taken or suffered to be taken by it in good faith in accordance
with instructions of any such officer; provided, however, that so long as
-------- ------- 
any Person is an Acquiring Person hereunder, the Rights Agent shall accept
such instructions and advice only from a majority of the Independent
Directors and shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered to be
taken by it in good faith in accordance with such instructions of the
majority of the Independent Directors. Any application by the Rights Agent
for written instructions from the Company may, at the option of the Rights
Agent, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by
the Rights Agent under this Rights Agreement and the date on and/or after
which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The
Rights Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by, or omission of,
the Rights Agent in accordance with a proposal included in any such
application on or after the date specified in such application (which date
shall not be less than five Business Days after the date any such officer
of the Company actually receives such application, unless any such officer
shall have consented in writing to an earlier date) unless, prior to taking
any such action (or the effective date in the case of an omission), the
Rights Agent shall have received written instructions in response to such
application specifying the action to be taken or omitted.

(h) The Rights Agent and any shareholder, director, officer or
employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or
other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any
transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or
lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it
were not Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude
the Rights Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for
any other legal entity.

(i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or
powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or
by or through its attorneys or agents.

(j) No provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights Agent to
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in
the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of its rights
hereunder if the Rights Agent shall have reasonable grounds for believing
that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnification against such risk
or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

(k) If, with respect to any Rights Certificate surrendered to the
Rights Agent for exercise or transfer, the certificate attached to the form
of assignment or form of election to purchase, as the case may be, has
either not been completed, not signed or indicates an affirmative response
to clause 1 and/or 2 thereof, the Rights Agent shall not take any further
action with respect to such requested exercise or transfer without first
consulting with the Company. If such certificate has been completed and
signed and shows a negative response to clauses 1 and 2 of such
certificate, unless previously instructed otherwise in writing by the
Company (which instructions may impose on the Rights Agent additional
ministerial responsibilities, but no discretionary responsibilities),
<PAGE>

29

the Rights Agent may assume without further inquiry that the Rights
Certificate is not owned by a person described in Section 4(b) or Section
7(e) hereof and shall not be charged with any knowledge to the contrary.

SECTION 21. Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent or any
---------------------- 
successor Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this
Agreement upon thirty days' prior notice in writing mailed to the Company, and
to each transfer agent of the Preferred Stock and the Company Common Stock, by
registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the Rights Certificates by
first-class mail. The Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor
Rights Agent upon thirty days' prior notice in writing, mailed to the Rights
Agent or successor Rights Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent
of the Preferred Stock and the Company Common Stock, by registered or certified
mail, and to the holders of the Rights Certificates by first-class mail. If the
Rights Agent shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise become incapable of
acting, the Company shall appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the
Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty days after
giving notice of such removal or after it has been notified in writing of such
resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by
the holder of a Rights Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit his
Rights Certificate for inspection by the Company), then any registered holder of
any Rights Certificate may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the
appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent, whether
appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall be (a) a corporation
organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or any state of
the United States in good standing, shall be authorized to do business as a
banking institution in the State of New York, shall be authorized under such
laws to exercise corporate trust or stock transfer powers, shall be subject to
supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and shall have at the
time of its appointment as Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus of at
least $100,000,000 or (b) an Affiliate of a corporation described in clause (a).
After appointment, the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same
powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named
as Rights Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent
shall deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the
time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance,
conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the effective
date of any such appointment, the Company shall file notice thereof in writing
with the predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Preferred Stock
and the Company Common Stock, and mail a notice thereof in writing to the
registered holders of the Rights Certificates. Failure to give any notice
provided for in this Section 21, however, or any defect therein, shall not
affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights
Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent.

SECTION 22. Issuance of New Rights Certificates. Notwithstanding any
----------------------------------- 
of the provisions of this Agreement or the Rights to the contrary, the Company
may, at its option, issue new Rights Certificates evidencing Rights in such form
as may be approved by a majority of the Independent Directors to reflect any
adjustment or change made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement in
the Purchase Price or the number or kind or class of shares or other securities
or property that may be acquired under the Rights Certificates. In addition, in
connection with the issuance or sale of shares of Company Common Stock following
the Distribution Date and prior to the Expiration Date, the Company (a) shall,
with respect to shares
<PAGE>

30

of Company Common Stock so issued or sold pursuant to the exercise of stock
options or under any employee plan or arrangement, or upon the exercise,
conversion or exchange of securities hereinafter issued by the Company, and (b)
may, in any other case, if deemed necessary or appropriate by a majority of the
Independent Directors, issue Rights Certificates representing the appropriate
number of Rights in connection with such issuance or sale; provided, however,
-------- ------- 
that (i) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent that,
the Company shall be advised by counsel that such issuance would create a
significant risk of material adverse tax consequences to the Company or the
person to whom such Rights Certificate would be issued, and (ii) no such Rights
Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent that, appropriate adjustment
shall otherwise have been made in lieu of the issuance thereof.

SECTION 23. Redemption and Termination. (a) Subject to Section 30
-------------------------- 
hereof, the Company may, at its option, by action of a majority of the
Independent Directors, at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the Close of
Business on the tenth Business Day following the Stock Acquisition Date or (ii)
the Final Expiration Date, redeem all but not less than all of the then
outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $.01 per Right, as such amount may
be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar
transaction occurring after the date hereof (such redemption price being the

"Redemption Price"), and the Company may, at its option, by action of a majority
- - ----------------- 
of the Independent Directors, pay the Redemption Price either in shares of
Company Common Stock (based on the "current market price", as defined in Section
11(d) hereof, of the shares of Company Common Stock at the time of redemption)
or cash.

(b) Immediately upon the action of a majority of the Independent
Directors ordering the redemption of the Rights, evidence of which shall be
filed with the Rights Agent, and without any further action and without any
notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right
thereafter of the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price for
each Right so held. Promptly after the action of a majority of the Independent
Directors ordering the redemption of the Rights, the Company shall give notice
of such redemption to the Rights Agent and the holders of the then outstanding
Rights by mailing such notice to all such holders at each holder's last address
as it appears upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the
Distribution Date, on the registry books of the transfer agent for Company
Common Stock. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be
deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice
of redemption will state the method by which the payment of the Redemption Price
will be made.

SECTION 24. Notice of Certain Events. (a) In case the Company shall
------------------------ 
propose, at any time after the Distribution Date, (i) to pay any dividend
payable in stock of any class to the holders of Preferred Stock or to make any
other distribution to the holders of Preferred Stock (other than a regular
quarterly cash dividend paid out of funds legally available therefor), (ii) to
offer to the holders of Preferred Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or
to purchase any additional shares of Preferred Stock or shares of stock of any
class or any other securities, rights or options, (iii) to effect any
reclassification of its Preferred Stock (other than a reclassification involving
only the subdivision of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock), (iv) to effect
any consolidation or merger into or with any other Person (other than a
Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o)
hereof), or to effect any sale
<PAGE>

31

or other transfer (or to permit one or more of its Subsidiaries to effect any
sale or other transfer), in one or more transactions, of more than 50% of the
assets or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole)
to any other Person or Persons (other than the Company and/or any of its
Subsidiaries in one or more transactions each of which complies with Section
11(o) hereof), or (v) to effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Company, then, in each such case, the Company shall give to each holder of a
Rights Certificate, to the extent feasible and in accordance with Section 25
hereof, a notice of such proposed action, which shall specify the record date
for the purposes of such stock dividend, distribution of rights or warrants, or
the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer,
liquidation, dissolution, or winding up is to take place and the date of
participation therein by the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock, if any
such date is to be fixed, and such notice shall be so given in the case of any
action covered by clause (i) or (ii) above at least twenty (20) days prior to
the record date for determining holders of the shares of Preferred Stock for
purposes of such action, and in the case of any such other action, at least
twenty (20) days prior to the date of the taking of such proposed action or the
date of participation therein by the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock
whichever shall be the earlier; provided, however, no such notice shall be
-------- ------- 
required pursuant to this Section 24, if any Subsidiary of the Company effects a
consolidation or merger with or into, or effects a sale or other transfer of
assets or earnings power to, any other Subsidiary of the Company.

(b) In case any Section 11(a)(ii) Event hereof shall occur, then, in
any such case, (i) the Company shall as soon as practicable thereafter give to
each holder of a Rights Certificate, to the extent feasible and in accordance
with Section 25 hereof, a notice of the occurrence of such event, which shall
specify the event and the consequences of the event to holders of Rights under
Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

SECTION 25. Notices. All notices and other communications provided
------- 
for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (including by
telex, telegram or cable) and mailed or sent or delivered, if to the Company, at
its address at:

Magma Power Company
4365 Executive Drive, Suite 900
San Diego, California 92121
Attention: President
Fax: (619) 622-7822
<PAGE>

32

and if to the Rights Agent, at its address at:

Chemical Trust Company of California
300 South Grand Avenue, Fourth Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90071
Attention: Mr. Ian Gass
Fax: (213) 617-9046

Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the
Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Rights Certificate (or, if
prior to the Distribution Date, to the holder of certificates representing
shares of Company Common Stock) shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by
first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such holder at the address of
such holder as shown on the registry books of the Company.

SECTION 26. Supplements and Amendments. Prior to the Distribution
-------------------------- 
Date and subject to the penultimate sentence of this Section 26, the Company and
the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend any
provision of this Agreement without the approval of any holders of certificates
representing shares of Company Common Stock. From and after the Distribution
Date and subject to the penultimate sentence of this Section 26, the Company and
the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend this
Agreement without the approval of any holders of Rights Certificates in order
(i) to cure any ambiguity, (ii) to correct or supplement any provision contained
herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions herein,
(iii) to shorten or lengthen any time period hereunder, or (iv) to change or
supplement the provisions hereunder in any manner which the Company may deem
necessary or desirable and which shall not adversely affect the interests of the
holders of Rights Certificates (other than an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate
or Associate of an Acquiring Person); provided, however, that this Agreement may
-------- ------- 
not be supplemented or amended to lengthen, pursuant to clause (iii) of this
sentence, (A) subject to Section 30 hereof, a time period relating to when the
Rights may be redeemed at such time as the Rights are not then redeemable, or
(B) any other time period unless such lengthening is for the purpose of
protecting, enhancing or clarifying the rights of, and/or the benefits to, the
holders of Rights. Upon the delivery of a certificate from an appropriate
officer of the Company or, so long as any Person is an Acquiring Person
hereunder, from the majority of the Independent Directors which states that the
proposed supplement or amendment is in compliance with the terms of this Section
26, the Rights Agent shall execute such supplement or amendment.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, no
supplement or amendment shall be made which changes the Redemption Price, the
Purchase Price, the Expiration Date or the number of Units of Preferred Stock
for which a Right is exercisable without the approval of a majority of the
Independent Directors. Prior to the Distribution Date, the interests of the
holders of Rights shall be deemed coincident with the interests of the holders
of Company Common Stock.

SECTION 27. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this
---------- 
Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind
and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.
<PAGE>

33

SECTION 28. Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors, etc.
----------------------------------------------------------
For all purposes of this Agreement, any calculation of the number of shares of
Company Common Stock outstanding at any particular time, including for purposes
of determining the particular percentage of such outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner, shall be made in
accordance with the last sentence of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the Exchange Act
Regulations as in effect on the date hereof. Except as otherwise specifically
provided herein, the Board of Directors of the Company shall have the exclusive
power and authority to administer this Agreement and to exercise all rights and
powers specifically granted to the Board or to the Company, or as may be
necessary or advisable in the administration of this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the right and power (i) to interpret the provisions of this
Agreement, and (ii) to make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
the administration of this Agreement. All such actions, calculations,
interpretations and determinations (including, for purposes of clause (y) below,
all omissions with respect to the foregoing) which are done or made by the Board
or by a majority of the Independent Directors in good faith shall (x) be final,
conclusive and binding on the Company, the Rights Agent, the holders of the
Rights and all other parties, and (y) not subject the Board or any member
thereof to any liability to the holders of the Rights.

SECTION 29. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement
-------------------------- 
shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights
Agent and the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the
Distribution Date, registered holders of shares of Company Common Stock) any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this
Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights
Agent and the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the
Distribution Date, registered holders of shares of Company Common Stock).

SECTION 30. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or
------------ 
restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or
other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated;

provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
- - -------- ------- 
contrary, if any such term, provision, covenant or restriction is held by such
court or authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable and a majority of the
Independent Directors determines in its good faith judgment that severing the
invalid language from this Agreement would adversely affect the purpose or
effect of this Agreement and the Rights shall not then be redeemable, the right
of redemption set forth in Section 23 hereof shall be reinstated and shall not
expire until the Close of Business on the tenth Business Day following the date
of such determination by a majority of the Independent Directors.

SECTION 31. Governing Law. This Agreement, each Right and each Rights
------------- 
Certificate issued hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the State of Nevada applicable to contracts executed in and to
be performed entirely in such State; provided, however, that Sections 18, 19,
-------- ------- 
20 and 21 hereof shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of California.
<PAGE>

34

SECTION 32. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed (including
------------ 
by facsimile) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto
in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an
original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

SECTION 33. Descriptive Headings. The headings contained in this
-------------------- 
Agreement are for descriptive purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

SECTION 34. Exchange. (a) The Company may at any time prior to the
-------- 
Distribution Date, upon resolution of a majority of the Independent Directors,
exchange all or part of the then outstanding and exerciseable Rights (which
shall not include Rights that have become void pursuant to Section 7(e) hereof)
for Units of Preferred Stock at an exchange ratio specified in the following
sentence, as appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend
or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof. Subject to such
adjustment, each Right may be exchanged for that number of Units of Preferred
Stock obtained by dividing the Adjustment Spread (as defined below) by the then
current market price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per Unit of
Preferred Stock on the earlier of (i) the date on which any Person becomes an
Acquiring Person and (ii) the date on which a tender or exchange offer by any
Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee
benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any trustee
or fiduciary with respect to such plan acting in such capacity) is first
published or sent or given within the meaning of Rule 14d-4(a) of the Exchange
Act Regulations or any successor rule, if upon consummation thereof such Person
would be the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the shares of Company Common
Stock then outstanding (such exchange ratio being the "Exchange Ratio"). The
-------------- 
"Adjustment Spread" shall equal (x) the aggregate market price on the date of
- - ------------------ 
such event of the number of Adjustment Shares determined pursuant to Section
11(a)(ii), minus (y) the Purchase Price.

(b) Immediately upon the action of a majority of the Independent
Directors ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to Section 34(a) and
without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise such
Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of a holder of such Rights
shall be to receive that number of Units of Preferred Stock equal to the number
of such Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Exchange Ratio. The
Company shall promptly give public notice of any such exchange; provided,
-------- 
however, that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice shall not
- - ------- 
affect the validity of such exchange. The Company promptly shall mail a notice
of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at their last
addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent. Any
notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given,
whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange
shall state the method by which the exchange of Units of Preferred Stock for
Rights will be effected and, in the event of any partial exchange, the number of
Rights which will be exchanged. Any partial exchange shall be effected pro rata
based on the number of Rights (other than Rights which have become void pursuant
to the provisions of Section 7(e) hereof) held by each holder of Rights.
<PAGE>

35

(c) In the event that the number of shares of Preferred Stock which
are authorized by the Company's Certificate of Incorpration but not outstanding
or reserved for issuance for purposes other than upon exercise of the Rights are
not sufficient to permit any exchange of Rights as contemplated in accordance
with this Section 34, the Company shall take all such action as may be necessary
to authorize additional shares of Preferred Stock for issuance upon exchange of
the Rights or make adequate provision to subsititute (1) cash, (2) Company
Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company, (3) debt securities of
the Company, (4) other assets, or (5) any combination of the foregoing, having
an aggregate value equal to the Adjustment Spread, where such aggregate value
has been determined by a majority of the Independent Directors.

(d) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Units of
Preferred Stock or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional Units.
In lieu of fractional Units, the Company may pay to the registered holders of
Rights Certificates at the time such Rights are exchanged as herein provided an
amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market price
(determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) of one Unit of Preferred Stock.
<PAGE>

36

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed, all as of the date first above written.

ATTEST: MAGMA POWER COMPANY

/s/ Jon R. Peele /s/ Paul M. Pankratz
By ________________________________ By ________________________________
Name: Jon R. Peele Name: Paul M. Pankratz
Title: Secretary Title: Chairman

ATTEST: CHEMICAL TRUST COMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA

/s/ Ian D. Gass /s/ Sharon D. Magidson
By ________________________________ By __________________________________
Name: Ian D. Gas Name: Sharon D. Magidson
Title: Assistant Vice President Title: Vice President
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT A
---------
[Form of Rights Certificate]

Certificate No. ___________________ Rights

NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT
REFERRED TO BELOW). THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION, AT THE OPTION OF THE
COMPANY, ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT. UNDER CERTAIN
CIRCUMSTANCES (SPECIFIED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT), RIGHTS BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY
ACQUIRING PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) OR ANY SUBSEQUENT HOLDER
OF SUCH RIGHTS MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID.

Rights Certificate

MAGMA POWER COMPANY

This certifies that _____________________, or registered assigns, is
the registered holder of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which
entitles the registered holder thereof, subject to the terms and conditions of
the Rights Agreement dated as of October 6, 1994 (the "Rights Agreement"; terms
---------------- 
defined therein are used herein with the same meaning unless otherwise defined
herein) between Magma Power Company, a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and
------- 
Chemical Trust Company of California as Rights Agent (which term shall include
any successor Rights Agent under the Rights Agreement), to purchase from the
Company at any time after the Distribution Date and prior to the Expiration Date
at the office of the Rights Agent, one one-thousandth of a fully paid and non-
assessable share of Series A Preferred Stock, par value $.10 per share (the

"Preferred Stock"), of the Company at the Purchase Price initially of $125 per
- - ---------------- 
one one-thousandth share (each such one one-thousandth of a share being a

"Unit") of Preferred Stock, upon presentation and surrender of this Rights
---- 
Certificate with the Election to Purchase and related certificate duly executed.
The number of Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate (and the number of
Units which may be purchased upon exercise thereof) set forth above, and the
Purchase Price per Unit set forth above shall be subject to adjustment in
certain events as provided in the Rights Agreement.

Upon the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, if the Rights
evidenced by this Rights Certificate are beneficially owned by an Acquiring
Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person or, under
certain circumstances described in the Rights Agreement, a transferee of any
such Acquiring Person, Associate or Affiliate, such Rights shall become null and
void and no holder hereof shall have any right with respect to such Rights from
and after the occurrence of such Section 11(a)(ii) Event.

In certain circumstances described in the Rights Agreement, the rights
evidenced hereby may entitle the registered holder thereof to purchase capital
stock of an entity other than
<PAGE>

2

the Company or receive common stock, cash or other assets, all as provided in
the Rights Agreement.

This Rights Certificate is subject to all of the terms and conditions
of the Rights Agreement, which terms and conditions are hereby incorporated
herein by reference and made a part hereof and to which Rights Agreement
reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights, limitations of
rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of the Rights Agent, the
Company and the holders of the Rights Certificates. Copies of the Rights
Agreement are on file at the principal office of the Company and are available
from the Company upon written request.

This Rights Certificate, with or without other Rights Certificates,
upon surrender at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose,
may be exchanged for another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates of like
tenor and date evidencing an aggregate number of Rights equal to the aggregate
number of Rights evidenced by the Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates
surrendered. If this Rights Certificate shall be exercised in part, the
registered holder shall be entitled to receive, upon surrender hereof, another
Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates for the number of whole Rights not
exercised.

Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights evidenced
by this Certificate may be redeemed by the Company under certain circumstances
at its option at a redemption price of $.01 per Right, payable at the Company's
option in cash or in common stock of the Company, subject to adjustment in
certain events as provided in the Rights Agreement.

No fractional shares of Preferred Stock will be issued upon the
exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which are
integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock), but in
lieu thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.

No holder of this Rights Certificate, as such, shall be entitled to
vote or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of Preferred
Stock or of any other securities which may at any time be issuable on the
exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights Agreement or herein
be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any of the rights of a
shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or
upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or
withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or
other actions affecting shareholders (except as provided in the Rights
Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or
<PAGE>

3

otherwise, until the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate shall have been
exercised as provided in the Rights Agreement.

This Rights Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any
purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.

WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the Company.

Dated as of _______ __, 199_.

MAGMA POWER COMPANY

By __________________________________ By __________________________________
Name: Name:
Title: Title:

Countersigned:

CHEMICAL TRUST COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA, as
Rights Agent

By __________________________________
Name:
Title:
<PAGE>

[Form of Reverse Side of Rights Certificate]

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT
------------------

(To be executed by the registered holder if
such holder desires to transfer the
Rights Certificate.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED --------------------------------------------------

hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto ----------------------

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name and address of transferee)

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
this Rights Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein,
and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ----------------- Attorney,
to transfer the within Rights Certificate on the books of the within-named
Company, with full power of substitution.

Dated: ____________ __, 199_

___________________________
Signature

Signature Guaranteed:
<PAGE>

Certificate
-----------

The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes
that:

(1) this Rights Certificate [ ] is [ ] is not being sold, assigned
and transferred by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring Person or
an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such terms are
defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement); and

(2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned, it
[ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate
from any Person who is, was or subsequently became an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person.

Dated: _____________ __, 199_ _____________________________
Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

--------------------------------------------------------------
NOTICE
------

The signature to the foregoing Assignment and Certificate must
correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Rights Certificate in
every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

Signatures must be guaranteed by an approved eligible financial
institution acceptable to the Rights Agent in its sole discretion or by a
participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the Stock
Exchange Medallion Program or the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program.

In the event the certification set forth above is not completed, the
Company will deem the beneficial owner of the Rights evidenced by this Rights
Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as
defined in the Rights Agreement) and, in the case of an Assignment, will affix a
legend to that effect on any Rights Certificates issued in exchange for this
Rights Certificate.
<PAGE>

FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE
----------------------------

(To be executed if the registered holder
desires to exercise Rights represented
by the Rights Certificate.)

To: MAGMA POWER COMPANY

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise ------------
Rights represented by this Rights Certificate to purchase the Units of Preferred
Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Rights (or such other securities of the
Company or of any other person or other property which may be issuable upon the
exercise of the Rights) and requests that certificates for such Units be issued
in the name of and delivered to:

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name and address)

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Please insert social security
or other identifying number: ------------------------------

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this
Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate for the balance of such Rights
shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Please print name and address)

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Please insert social security
or other identifying number: ----------------------------

Dated: _________ __, 199_

____________________________
Signature
Signature Guaranteed:
<PAGE>

Certificate
-----------

The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes
that:

(1) the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate [ ] are [ ] are
not beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or an Associate
thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement); and

(2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned,
the undersigned [ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this
Rights Certificate from any person who is, was or subsequently became an
Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof.

Dated: _________ __, 199_ ___________________________
Signature
Signature Guaranteed:

--------------------------------------------------------------

NOTICE
------

The signature in the foregoing Election to Purchase and Certificate
must conform to the name as written upon the face of this Rights Certificate in
every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

Signatures must be guaranteed by an approved eligible financial
institution acceptable to the Rights Agent in its sole discretion or by a
participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the Stock
Exchange Medallion Program or the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Program.

In the event the certification set forth above is not completed, the
Company will deem the beneficial owner of the Rights evidenced by this Rights
Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as
defined in the Rights Agreement) and, in the case of an Assignment, will affix a
legend to that effect on any Rights Certificates issued in exchange for this
Rights Certificate.
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT B
---------

SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE
PREFERRED STOCK

On October 3, 1994, the Board of Directors of Magma Power Company (the

"Company") declared a distribution of one Right for each outstanding share of
- - -------- 
Common Stock, par value $.10 per share (the "Company Common Stock"), to
-------------------- 
stockholders of record at the close of business on October 14, 1994 (the "Record
------
Date") and for each share of Company Common Stock issued (including shares
- - ---- 
distributed from Treasury) by the Company thereafter and prior to the
Distribution Date. Each Right entitles the registered holder, subject to the
terms of the Rights Agreement (as defined below), to purchase from the Company
one one-thousandth of a share (a "Unit") of Series A Preferred Stock, par value
---- 
$.10 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), at a Purchase Price of $125 per Unit,
--------------- 
subject to adjustment. The Purchase Price is payable in cash or by certified or
bank check or money order payable to the order of the Company. The description
and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement between the Company
and Chemical Trust Company of California as Rights Agent (the "Rights
------
Agreement").

Copies of the Rights Agreement and the Certificate of Designation for the
Preferred Stock have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as
exhibits to a Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated October 7, 1994 (the

"Form 8-A"). Copies of the Rights Agreement and the Certificate of Designation
- - --------- 
are available free of charge from the Company. This summary description of the
Rights and the Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to all the provisions of the Rights Agreement and
the Certificate of Designation, including the definitions therein of certain
terms, which Rights Agreement and Certificate of Designation are incorporated
herein by reference.
<PAGE>

2

The Rights Agreement
- - --------------------

Initially, the Rights will attach to all certificates representing shares
of outstanding Company Common Stock, and no separate Rights Certificates will be
distributed. The Rights will separate from the Company Common Stock and the
"Distribution Date" will occur upon the earlier of (i) 10 business days
following a public announcement (the date of such announcement being the "Stock
-----
Acquisition Date") that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons
- - ---------------- 
(other than the Company, any subsidiary of the Company or any employee benefit
plan of the Company or such subsidiary) (an "Acquiring Person") has acquired,
---------------- 
obtained the right to acquire, or otherwise obtained beneficial ownership of 10%
or more of the then outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (or if certain
current holders of 10% or more of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
have acquired, obtained the right to acquire or otherwise obtained beneficial
ownership of an additional 4% of the Company Common Stock), and (ii) 10 business
days (or such later date as may be determined by action of the Board of
Directors prior to such time as any person becomes an Acquiring Person)
following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result
in a person or group beneficially owning 20% or more of the then outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock. Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will
be evidenced by Company Common Stock certificates and will be transferred with
and only with such Company Common Stock certificates, (ii) new Company Common
Stock certificates issued after the Record Date (also including shares
distributed from Treasury) will contain a notation incorporating the Rights
Agreement by reference and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any certificates
representing outstanding Company Common Stock will also constitute the transfer
of the Rights associated with the Company Common Stock represented by such
certificates.

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will expire
at the close of business on the tenth anniversary of the Rights Agreement unless
earlier redeemed by the Company as described below.

As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, Rights Certificates
will be mailed to holders of record of Company Common Stock as of the close of
business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter, the separate Rights
Certificates alone will represent the Rights.

In the event that (i) the Company is the surviving corporation in a merger
with an Acquiring Person and shares of Company Common Stock shall remain
outstanding, (ii) a Person becomes the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the
then outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (or an additional 4% in the case
of certain current 10% holders), (iii) an Acquiring Person engages in one or
more "self-dealing" transactions as set forth in the Rights Agreement, or (iv)
during such time as there is an Acquiring Person, an event occurs which results
in such Acquiring Person's ownership interest being increased by more than 1%
(e.g., by means of a reverse stock split or recapitalization), then, in each
---- ----
such case, each holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive,
upon exercise, Units of Preferred Stock (or, in certain
<PAGE>

3

circumstances, Company Common Stock, cash, property or other securities of the
Company) having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. The
exercise price is the Purchase Price multiplied by the number of Units of
Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of a Right prior to the events described
in this paragraph. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, following the
occurrence of any of the events set forth in this paragraph, all Rights that
are, or (under certain circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement) were,
beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person will be null and void.

In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date, (i)
the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction
and the Company is not the surviving corporation (other than a merger described
in the preceding paragraph), (ii) any Person consolidates or merges with the
Company and all or part of the Company Common Stock is converted or exchanged
for securities, cash or property of any other Person or (iii) 50% or more of the
Company's assets or earning power is sold or transferred, each holder of a Right
(except Rights which previously have been voided as described above) shall
thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, common stock of the
Acquiring Person having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the
Right.

The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Units of Preferred Stock
issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to
time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a
subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the Preferred Stock, (ii) if
holders of the Preferred Stock are granted certain rights or warrants to
subscribe for Preferred Stock or convertible securities at less than the current
market price of the Preferred Stock, or (iii) upon the distribution to the
holders of the Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness, cash or assets
(excluding regular quarterly cash dividends) or of subscription rights or
warrants (other than those referred to above).

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be
required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the Purchase
Price. The Company is not required to issue fractional Units. In lieu thereof,
an adjustment in cash may be made based on the market price of the Preferred
Stock prior to the date of exercise.

At any time until ten business days following the Stock Acquisition Date, a
majority of the Independent Directors may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in
part, at a price of $.01 per Right (subject to adjustment in certain events)
(the "Redemption Price") payable, at the election of such majority of the
---------------- 
Independent Directors, in cash or shares of Company Common Stock. Immediately
upon the action of a majority of the Independent Directors ordering the
redemption of the Rights, the Rights will terminate and the only right of the
holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price.

Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no
rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right
to vote or to receive
<PAGE>

4

dividends. While the distribution of the Rights will not be taxable to
stockholders or to the Company, stockholders may, depending upon the
circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that the Rights become
exercisable for Units of Preferred Stock (or other consideration).

Any of the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended without the
approval of the holders of Company Common Stock at any time prior to the
Distribution Date. After the Distribution Date, the provisions of the Rights
Agreement may be amended in order to cure any ambiguity, defect or
inconsistency, to make changes which do not adversely affect the interests of
holders of Rights (excluding the interests of any Acquiring Person), or to
shorten or lengthen any time period under the Rights Agreement; provided,
-------- 
however, that no amendment to adjust the time period governing redemption shall
- - ------- 
be made at such time as the Rights are not redeemable.

Description of Preferred Stock
- - ------------------------------

The Units of Preferred Stock that may be acquired upon exercise of the
Rights will be nonredeemable and subordinate to any other shares of preferred
stock that may be issued by the Company.

Each Unit of Preferred Stock will have a minimum preferential quarterly
dividend of $.01 per Unit or any higher per share dividend declared on the
Company Common Stock.

In the event of liquidation, the holder of a Unit of Preferred Stock will
receive a preferred liquidation payment equal to the greater of $125 per Unit
and the per share amount paid in respect of a share of Company Common Stock.

Each Unit of Preferred Stock will have one vote, voting together with the
Company Common Stock.

In the event of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in which
shares of Company Common Stock are exchanged, each Unit of Preferred Stock will
be entitled to receive the per share amount paid in respect of each share of
Company Common Stock.

The rights of holders of the Preferred Stock to dividends, liquidation and
voting, and in the event of mergers and consolidations, are protected by
customary antidilution provisions.

Because of the nature of the Preferred Stock's dividend, liquidation and
voting rights, the economic value of one Unit of Preferred Stock that may be
acquired upon the exercise of each Right should approximate the economic value
of one share of Company Common Stock.
<PAGE>

File No. 6828-81
EXHIBIT C
---------

MAGMA POWER COMPANY
CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
OF THE VOTING POWERS, DESIGNATION,
PREFERENCES AND RELATIVE, PARTICIPATING,
OPTIONAL OR OTHER SPECIAL RIGHTS AND QUALIFICATIONS,
LIMITATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS OF THE
SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK

-----------------------------------

Pursuant to Section 78.195 of the
Nevada Revised Statutes
-----------------------------------

We, Ralph W. Boeker and Jon R. Peele, President and Secretary,
respectively, of Magma Power Company, a corporation organized and existing under
Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes of the State of Nevada (the

"Corporation"), DO HEREBY CERTIFY:
- - ------------ 

that, pursuant to authority conferred upon the Board of Directors of
the Corporation by its Articles of Incorporation (the "Articles"), and, pursuant
-------- 
to the provisions of Section 78.035, 78.195 and 78.196 of the Nevada Revised
Statutes, said Board of Directors, at a duly called meeting held on October 3,
1994, at which a quorum was present and acted throughout, adopted the following
resolution, which resolution remains in full force and effect on the date hereof
creating a series of 50,000 shares of Preferred Stock having a par value of $.10
per share, designated as Series A Preferred Stock (the "Series A Preferred
-------- ---------
Stock") out of the class of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock of the par value
of $.10 per share (the "Preferred Stock"):
--------------- 

RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors in
accordance with the provisions of its Restated Articles of Incorporation, the
Board of Directors does hereby create, authorize and provide for 50,000 shares
of its authorized Preferred Stock to be designated and issued as the Series A
Preferred Stock, having the voting powers, designation, relative, participating,
optional and other special rights, preferences and qualifications, limitations
and restrictions that are set forth as follows:

1. Dividends and Distributions. (A) Subject to the prior
------------------------------- 
and superior rights of the holders of any shares of any other series of
Preferred Stock or any other shares of preferred stock of the Corporation
ranking prior and superior to the shares of Series A
<PAGE>

Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, each holder of one one-thousandth
(1/1000) of a share (a "Unit") of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
---- 
receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally
available for that purpose, (i) quarterly dividends payable in cash on the last
day of April, July, October and February in each year (each such date being a
"Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date after the first issuance of such Unit of Series A Preferred Stock,
in an amount per Unit (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a)
$.01 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, the
aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends declared on shares of the
Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date,
or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first
issuance of a Unit of Series A Preferred Stock, and (ii) subject to the
provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, quarterly distributions (payable
in kind) on each Quarterly Dividend Payment Date in an amount per Unit equal to
the aggregate per share amount of all non-cash dividends or other distributions
(other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, by reclassification or otherwise) declared
on shares of Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date, or with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date,
since the first issuance of a Unit of Series A Preferred Stock. In the event
that the Corporation shall at any time after

October 3, 1994 (the "Rights Declaration Date") (i) declare any dividend on
- - -------------- ----------------------- 
outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii)
subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock or (iii) combine outstanding shares
of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the
amount to which the holder of a Unit of Series A Preferred Stock was entitled
immediately prior to such event pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be
adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock that are outstanding immediately after
such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

(B) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on Units
of Series A Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (A) above immediately after
it declares a dividend or distribution on the shares of Common Stock (other than
a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock); provided, however, that, in the
-------- ------- 
event no dividend or distribution shall have been declared on the Common Stock
during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date and the next
subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $.01 per Unit on the
Series A Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

(C) Dividends shall begin to accrue and shall be cumulative on each
outstanding Unit of Series A Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date next preceding the date of issuance of such Unit of Series A Preferred
Stock, unless the date of issuance of such Unit is prior to the record date for
the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case, dividends on such Unit
shall begin to accrue from the date of issuance of such Unit, or unless the date
of issuance is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a
<PAGE>

date after the record date for the determination of holders of Units of Series A
Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall
begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.
Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on Units of
Series A Preferred Stock in an amount less than the aggregate amount of all such
dividends at the time accrued and payable on such Units shall be allocated pro
rata on a unit-by-unit basis among all Units of Series A Preferred Stock at the
time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the
determination of holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to
receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record
date shall be no more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for the payment
thereof.

2. Voting Rights. The holders of Units of Series A
------------- 
Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

(A) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth,
each Unit of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one
vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation.
In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date
(i) declare any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares
of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock or (iii)
combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares,
then in each such case the number of votes per Unit to which holders of Units of
Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be
adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event
and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that
were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

(B) Except as otherwise provided herein, in the Articles of
Incorporation or by law, the holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock and
the holders of shares of Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all
matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation, and such holders
shall have no special voting rights and their consents shall not be required for
taking any corporate action.

3. Certain Restrictions. (A) Whenever quarterly dividends or other
------------------------ 
dividends or distributions payable on Units of Series A Preferred Stock as
provided herein are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid
dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on outstanding Units of
Series A Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not

(i) declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or
redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
junior stock;

(ii) declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on
any shares
<PAGE>

of parity stock, except dividends paid ratably on Units of Series A
Preferred Stock and shares of all such parity stock on which dividends are
payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the
holders of such Units and all such shares are then entitled;

(iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration
shares of any parity stock, provided, however, that the Corporation may at
-------- ------- 
any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity
stock in exchange for shares of any junior stock;

(iv) purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any Units of
Series A Preferred Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer made
in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board of Directors) to
all holders of such Units.

(B) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation
to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the
Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph (A) this Section 3,
purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner.

4. Reacquired Shares. Any Units of Series A Preferred Stock
----------------- 
purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever
shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such
Units shall, upon their cancellation, become authorized but unissued Units of
Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock
to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to
the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein.

5. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (A) Upon any voluntary
-------------------------------------- 
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no
distribution shall be made (i) to the holders of shares of junior stock unless
the holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall have received, subject to
adjustment as hereinafter provided in paragraph (B), the greater of either (a)
$125 per Unit plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and
distributions thereon, whether or not earned or declared, to the date of such
payment, or (b) the amount equal to the aggregate per share amount to be
distributed to holders of shares of Common Stock, or (ii) to the holders of
shares of parity stock, unless simultaneously therewith distributions are made
ratably on Units of Series A Preferred Stock and all other shares of such parity
stock in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of Units of Series
A Preferred Stock are entitled under clause (i)(a) of this sentence and to which
the holders of shares of such parity stock are entitled, in each case upon such
liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

(B) In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights
Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of Common
Stock, or (iii) combine outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares, then in each
<PAGE>

such case the aggregate amount to which holders of Units of Series A Preferred
Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event pursuant to clause (i)(b) of
paragraph (A) of this Section 5 shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by
a fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
that are outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to such event.

6. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation shall enter
------------------------------ 
into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the
shares of common stock are exchanged for or converted into other stock or
securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case Units of
Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged for or
converted into an amount per Unit (subject to the provision for adjustment
hereinafter set forth) equal to the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash
and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or
for which each share of Common Stock is converted or exchanged. In the event
the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare
any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common
Stock, (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iii) combine
outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case
the amount set forth in the immediately preceding sentence with respect to the
exchange or conversion of Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by
multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common Stock that are outstanding immediately after such event and
the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

7. Redemption. The Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be
-------------- 
redeemable.

8. Ranking. The Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall rank junior
----------- 
to all other series of the Preferred Stock and to any other class of preferred
stock that hereafter may be issued by the Corporation as to the payment of
dividends and the distribution of assets, unless the terms of any such series or
class shall provide otherwise.

9. Fractional Shares. The Series A Preferred Stock may be issued in
--------------------- 
Units or other fractions of a share, which Units or fractions shall entitle the
holder, in proportion to such holder's units or fractional shares, to exercise
voting rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the
benefit of all other rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock.

10. Certain Definitions. As used in this resolution with respect to
------------------------ 
the Series A Preferred Stock, the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

(A) The term "Common Stock" shall mean the class of stock designated
as the common stock, par value $.10 per share, of the Corporation at the date
hereof or any
<PAGE>

other class of stock resulting from successive changes or reclassification of
the common stock.

(B) The term "junior stock" (i) as used in Section 3 shall mean the
Common Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation
hereafter authorized or issued over which the Series A Preferred Stock has
preference or priority as to the payment of dividends and (ii) as used in
Section 5, shall mean the Common Stock and any other class or series of capital
stock of the Corporation over which the Series A Preferred Stock has preference
or priority in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation.

(C) The term "parity stock" (i) as used in Section 3 shall mean any
class or series of stock of the Corporation hereafter authorized or issued
ranking pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and (ii) as
---- ----- 
used in Section 5, shall mean any class or series of capital stock ranking pari
----
passu with the Series A Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets on any
- - ----- 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Magma Power Company has caused this Certificate to
be signed by its President and Chief Executive Officer and its Secretary this
4th day of October, 1994.

MAGMA POWER COMPANY

/s/ Ralph W. Boeker
By ______________________________
Ralph W. Boeker
President

/s/ Jon R. Peele
By ______________________________
Jon R. Peele
Secretary

Acknowledged:

<PAGE>

State of California
----------
County of San Diego
---------
On October 4, 1994 before me, Cheryl Ciabattini, Notary Public
--------------- --------------------------------
DATE NAME, TITLE OF OFFICER
E.G. "Jane Doe, Notary Public"

Ralph W. Boeker and Jon R. Peele
personally appeared --------------------------------
NAME(S) OF SIGNERS(S)

/x/ personally known to me - OR - / / proved to me on the basis of satisfactory
evidence to be the person(s) whose
name(s) is/are subscribed to the within
instrument and acknowledged to me that
he/she/they exectued the same in
his/her/their authorized capacity(ies),
and that by his/her/their signature(s)
on the instrument the person(s), or the
entity upon behalf of which the 
person(s) acted, exectued the 
instrument.
[Seal of the CHERYL CIABATTINI
state of Comm. # 1004889 
California] NOTARY PUBLIC WITNESS my hand and official seal
CALIFORNIA 
San Diego County 
My Comm. Expires /s/ Cheryl Ciabattini
Sept. 26, 1997 -------------------------------
SIGNATURE OF NOTARY

- - ------------------------------------OPTIONAL-----------------------------------

Though the data below is not required by law, it may prove valuable to persons 
relying on the document and could prevent fraudulent reattachment of this form.

CAPACITY CLAIMED BY SIGNER DESCRIPTION OF ATTACHED DOCUMENT

/ / INDIVIDUAL 
/X/ CORPORATE OFFICER Magma Power Company
Certificate of Designation
President and Executive Vice President ---------------------------------
- - ---------------------------------------- TITLE OR TYPE OF DOCUMENT
TITLE(S)

/ / PARTNER(S) / / LIMITED
/ / GENERAL Six (6)
---------------------------------
/ / ATTORNEY-IN-FACT NUMBER OF PAGES
/ / TRUSTEE(S)
/ / GUARDIAN/CONSERVATOR
/ / OTHER:
------------------------------ October 4, 1994
------------------------------------ -------------------------------
----------------------------------- DATE OF DOCUMENT

SIGNER IS REPRESENTING:
NAME OF PERSON(S) OR ENTITY(IES) 

Magma Power Company none
- - ---------------------------------------- ------------------------------
SIGNER(S) OTHER THAN NAMES ABOVE
- - ----------------------------------------

C 1993 NATIONAL NOTARY ASSOCIATION x 8236 Remmet Ave., P.O. Box 7184 x 
Canoga Park, CA 91309-7184
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 99

[LOGO OF MAGMA POWER COMPANY 4365 EXECUTIVE DRIVE, SUITE 900
APPEARS HERE] SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 92121
619 622-7800 FAX 619 622-7822
News Release CONTACT: INVESTOR RELATIONS
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

CONTACT: Thomas Davies
Andrea Bergofin
Kekst & Company
(212) 593-2655

MAGMA POWER COMPANY
ADOPTS STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

San Diego, CA October 3, 1994--Magma Power Company (NASDAQ: MGMA) 
announced today that its Board of Directors adopted a Stockholder Rights Plan in
which preferred stock purchase rights will be distributed as a dividend at the 
rate of one Right for each share of Common Stock held as of the close of 
business on October 14, 1994.

On September 19, 1994, Magma received an unsolicited proposal from 
California Energy Company, Inc. to purchase Magma for $25 of cash and $10 of 
California Energy common stock. Magma said that the Rights are designed to guard
against partial tender offers, such as that contemplated by California Energy, 
and other abusive tactics that might be used in an attempt to gain control of 
the Company without paying all stockholders a fair price for their shares. The 
Rights Plan will not prevent takeovers, but is designed to deter coercive 
takeover tactics.

Each Right will entitle stockholders to buy one one-thousandth of a
newly issued share of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company at an exercise
price of $125.00. The Rights will be exercisable only if a person or group
acquires beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the Company's outstanding Common
Stock or commences a tender or exchange offer upon consummation of which a
person or group would beneficially own 20% or more of the Company's outstanding
Common Stock.

If any person becomes the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the 
Company's outstanding Common Stock, or if a holder of 10% or more of the 
Company's Common Stock, engages in certain self-dealing transactions or a merger
transaction in which the Company is the surviving corporation and its Common 
Stock remains outstanding, then each Right not owned by such person or certain 
related parties will entitle its holder to purchase, at the Right's 
then-current exercise price, shares of the units of the Company's Series A 
Preferred Stock (or, in certain circumstances, Company Common Stock, cash, 
property or other securities of the Company) having a market value equal to 
twice the then-current price. In addition, if the Company is involved in a 
merger or other business combination transaction with another person after which
its Common Stock does not remain outstanding, or sells 50% or more of its assets
or earning power to another person, each Right will entitle its holder to 
purchase, at the Right's then-current exercise price, shares of common stock of 
such other person having a market value equal to twice the then-current exercise
price. The plan does not apply to existing 10% or greater stockholders of Magma,
unless the existing stockholder increases its ownership interest by 4% or more.

Magma Power Company will generally be entitled to redeem the Rights at 
$.01 per right at any time until the 10th business day following public 
announcement that a person or group has acquired 10% or more of the Company's 
Common Stock.

Magma also announced that it has amended its bylaws to remove the 
ability of stockholders to act by written consent.

Magma Power Company is a leader in the geothermal industry. The Company 
currently operates seven geothermal plants in Southern California on geothermal 
leaseholds and fee interests held by the Company and holds additional geothermal
leasehold and fee interests in other parts of California and Nevada. Magma is 
also currently constructing three power plants in the Philippines with a total 
capacity of 231 MW.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>