<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950157-94-000083.txt : 19940712
<IMS-HEADER>0000950157-94-000083.hdr.sgml : 19940712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950157-94-000083
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940711
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940711

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CURTICE BURNS FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000026285
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	2030
		IRS NUMBER:				160845824
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0626

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07605
		FILM NUMBER:		94538449

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 LINDEN PL
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 681
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14603
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7163831850

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CURTICE BURNS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870107
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K -- CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report July 11, 1993
--------------------------------------------
(Date of earliest event reported)

CURTICE-BURNS FOODS, INC.
------------------------------------------------------------
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New York 1-7605 16-0845824
------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other juris- (Commission (IRS Employer
diction of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

90 Linden Place, P.O. Box 681
Rochester, NY 14603
-----------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)

(716) 383-1850
-----------------------------------------------------------
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

<PAGE>2

Item 5. Other Events.

As previously announced, the Board of Directors of
the Company authorized its management to pursue strategic
alternatives for maximizing value for its shareholders,
including the possible sale of the Company. At a special
meeting on June 8, the Board reviewed several acquisition
proposals and voted to pursue a proposal submitted by Dean
Foods Company ("Dean Foods") to acquire all the outstanding
shares of the Company at a maximum cash price of $20 per
share, subject to a number of contingencies, including an
agreement with Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc. ("Pro-Fac")
covering the purchase of various assets owned by Pro-Fac but
used by the Company in the conduct of its business and
settling all outstanding issues between the Company and Pro-
Fac, negotiation by Dean Foods of an agreement with Hormel
Foods Corporation for the purchase of the Nalley's Fine
Foods Division of Curtice Burns, clearance of the
transaction by appropriate government agencies, negotiation
of definitive agreements and approval of any transaction by
the Company's shareholders.

To date, Pro-Fac has not indicated that it is
willing to enter into the agreement required by Dean Foods. 
Accordingly, the Company today commenced arbitration
proceedings against Pro-Fac under the Integrated Agreement
dated as of June 27, 1992 (the "Integrated Agreement"). 
Under the terms of the Integrated Agreement, the Company and
Pro-Fac are required to settle any dispute thereunder by
arbitration. A copy of the Company's Demand for Arbitration
is attached as Exhibit 1.

In the arbitration, the Company is seeking, among
other relief, a declaration confirming its right to
terminate the Integrated Agreement and to purchase the
assets owned by Pro-Fac but used by the Company in the
conduct of its business upon tender of the book value
thereof, a declaration confirming the effect of termination
of the Integrated Agreement on the obligations of the
Company under the Integrated Agreement and a declaration
confirming that the Company does not have any obligations
under the Integrated Agreement to purchase crops except as
set forth in the fiscal 1995 profit plan. The Company is
also seeking an award of damages sustained by the Company in
an amount to be determined by the arbitrators, but in no
event less than the difference in value between the Dean
Foods $20 per share offer and the market price per share of 

<PAGE>3

the Company's stock following any public announcement that
the Dean Foods proposal has been withdrawn.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

CURTICE-BURNS FOODS, INC.

Date: July 11, 1994 By: /s/ J. William Petty
--------------------------
J. William Petty, President
and Chief Executive Officer

<PAGE>4

EXHIBIT INDEX

Demand for Arbitration dated July 8, 1994 . . . . . . . . 1

<PAGE>5
EXHIBIT 1

In the matter of an arbitration between

CURTICE-BURNS FOODS, INC.,

Claimant,

-against-

PRO-FAC COOPERATIVE, INC.,

Respondent.

DEMAND FOR ARBITRATION

Pursuant to a written agreement called the

"Integrated Agreement" between Curtice-Burns Foods, Inc.

("Curtice Burns") and Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc. ("Pro-Fac")

dated June 27, 1992 (the "Integrated Agreement"), Curtice

Burns hereby demands arbitration of certain disputes arising

under the Integrated Agreement as set forth herein, in

accordance with Section 66 of the Integrated Agreement. A

copy of the Integrated Agreement is annexed hereto as

Exhibit A.

1. Curtice Burns is a corporation organized under

the laws of the State of New York, with its principal office

at 90 Linden Place, Rochester, New York. Its principal

business is the processing and sale, including marketing and

distribution, of various food products.

<PAGE>6

2. Pro-Fac is an agricultural cooperative

corporation organized under the laws of the State of New

York. Its members are growers located in various states. 

Pro-Fac's business consists of the marketing of its members'

crops.

3. Curtice Burns's business relationship with

Pro-Fac is governed by the Integrated Agreement, which sets

forth the respective rights and obligations of Curtice Burns

and Pro-Fac. 

The Integrated Agreement

4. Pursuant to the Integrated Agreement, Curtice

Burns purchases from Pro-Fac agricultural crops produced and

delivered to Pro-Fac by its members. Under Section 42 of

the Integrated Agreement Curtice Burns agrees to process and

market "crops of the type and in the amount set forth by

acreage and tonnage" in the "profit plan" agreed to and

approved annually by the boards of directors of both Curtice

Burns and Pro-Fac.

5. Also under the Integrated Agreement, Pro-Fac

leases to Curtice Burns certain of the fixed and tangible

assets used in Curtice Burns's business. Such assets are

referred to in the Integrated Agreement as the "Facilities".

6. Section 36 of the Integrated Agreement gives

Curtice Burns the unconditional right "at any time at the

<PAGE>7

option of Curtice Burns upon written notice of 60 days to

Pro-Fac . . . to purchase the Facilities at book value

thereof at the time of purchase" (the "Buyout Option"). 

Section 36 further provides that,

"Upon the exercise of the option to purchase the
Facilities as specified in this paragraph, this
agreement shall also automatically terminate."

7. It is currently estimated that Curtice Burns's

total indebtedness to Pro-Fac upon termination of the

Integrated Agreement pursuant to Section 36 (the

"Termination Payment") would be approximately $266 million

as of June 24, 1994. 

8. The Termination Payment represents the sum of

(i) the estimated book value of the Facilities as of

June 24, 1994, determined in accordance with generally

accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") (approximately

$141.8 million); (ii) the estimated book value as of

June 24, 1994, determined in accordance with GAAP, of Pro-

Fac's interest in the intangible assets associated with the

Facilities which Curtice Burns would be required under

Section 40 of the Integrated Agreement to purchase as part

of the buyout (approximately $24.8 million); (iii) the

amount required to repay certain long-term loans due Pro-Fac

upon termination of the Integrated Agreement (approximately

$98.1 million) as of June 24, 1994; and (iv) approximately

<PAGE>8

$1.3 million of other amounts due Pro-Fac. 

Curtice Burns's Restructuring

9. During 1993, Curtice Burns embarked on a major

restructuring program. As a first step, Curtice Burns

decided to eliminate two declining lines of business (potato

chips and meat snacks) that had long been losing substantial

amounts of money. In accordance with GAAP, Curtice Burns

was required to write down the book value of the fixed

assets and goodwill related to those lines of business by a

total of approximately $51.4 million. In addition to the

$51.4 million asset writedown, further charges relating to

the potato chips and meat snacks lines of business (totaling

$9.6 million) were also taken by Curtice Burns. The

$51.4 million asset writedown was allocated between Curtice

Burns and Pro-Fac, reducing the value of the potato chips

and meat snacks assets on the books of both Curtice Burns

and Pro-Fac by approximately $29.2 million. Those books

were duly audited by the independent accounting firm of

Price Waterhouse.

10. In addition to the orderly disposition of

unprofitable and declining lines of business, the Board of

Directors of Curtice Burns authorized management to pursue

the possible sale of Curtice Burns.

<PAGE>9

11. In light of its possible acquisition by a

third party, in early 1994 Curtice Burns suggested that Pro-

Fac take such actions as it believed were necessary to

eliminate any obligations Pro-Fac may have to its growers to

market future crops beyond those crops Curtice Burns had

committed to purchase from Pro-Fac pursuant to the fiscal

1995 profit plan. By written notice dated March 28, 1994,

Pro-Fac notified its members that it was terminating certain

of the relevant marketing agreements and any obligations to

market future crops thereunder.

12. On May 31, 1994, Dean Foods Company ("Dean")

submitted a bid to purchase all of the issued and

outstanding common stock of Curtice Burns for $20.00 cash

per share.

13. Dean has represented that its offer has been

approved by its Board of Directors and is not subject to any

financing contingency. However, as a direct result of the

claims asserted by Pro-Fac, which are described below, Dean

has conditioned its offer on the execution of a binding

agreement between Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns settling the

issues between them, which agreement would clearly define

the amounts owed Pro-Fac upon exercise of the Buyout Option

and termination of the Integrated Agreement.

<PAGE>10

Pro-Fac's Response to Curtice Burns's Restructuring

14. Pro-Fac was fully advised of Curtice Burns's

plans and of the probability that any sale of Curtice Burns

to a third party would entail the exercise of the Buyout

Option and termination of the Integrated Agreement pursuant

to Section 36. Notwithstanding the plain language of

Section 36 ("at any time at the option of Curtice Burns [it

may] purchase the facilities at book value"), Pro-Fac has

taken the position that Curtice Burns does not have the

right to buy out Pro-Fac at book value or at all. 

Specifically, in a letter to the directors of Curtice Burns,

dated November 4, 1993, Pro-Fac stated that it was prepared

to acquire Curtice Burns for itself but threatened to

"embroil" Curtice Burns in dilatory, burdensome,

"acrimonious", "long and costly litigation" if Curtice Burns

should attempt to exercise its rights under Section 36.

15. Furthermore, notwithstanding the plain

language of Section 42 (obligating Curtice Burns to process

only "crops of the type and in the amounts set forth [in]

the profit plan as approved each year"), Pro-Fac has taken

the position that Curtice Burns is liable for the "wrongful

termination" of an alleged obligation to purchase crops

beyond those already agreed to in the 1995 profit plan.

16. On June 7, 1994, Pro-Fac submitted a proposal

to buy Curtice Burns for $16.87 per share of Curtice-Burns's

<PAGE>11

Class A and Class B common stock. In making its proposal

Pro-Fac reiterated its spurious claims under the Integrated

Agreement and suggested that Curtice Burns should accept the

Pro-Fac proposal--although the offer was at a lower price

than that Curtice Burns could obtain from a third party--

because Pro-Fac would "relinquish" its claims after it had

acquired Curtice Burns.

17. On June 8, 1994, the Board of Directors of

Curtice Burns (the "Board") rejected Pro-Fac's offer and

directed management to pursue the Dean proposal and

negotiate with Dean the terms of a definitive agreement. 

The Board also instructed Curtice Burns's management to

negotiate the terms of an agreement with Pro-Fac settling

all disputes between Curtice Burns and Pro-Fac, as required

by Dean. 

18. Following the June 8, 1994, Curtice Burns

board meeting, Pro-Fac issued public statements, including

statements disseminated over the news wires, publicly

asserting for the first time its position that in the event

of the sale of Curtice Burns to any third party Pro-Fac

would be entitled to half of the net proceeds of such a

sale. That position finds no support in any provision of

the Integrated Agreement and is contrary to its express

terms.

<PAGE>12

19. Since the determination by the Board of

Curtice Burns on June 8, 1994, Curtice Burns has repeatedly

requested that Pro-Fac enter into discussions to settle all 

issues between Curtice Burns and Pro-Fac as required by

Dean, including at presentations to the Pro-Fac Special

Committee and Board of Directors on June 28, 1994. Pro-Fac

has refused to enter into any such discussions and has

thereby utterly frustrated Curtice Burns's efforts to

consummate the deal with Dean.

The Present Controversy

20. A present controversy exists between Curtice

Burns and Pro-Fac regarding Curtice Burns's rights and

obligations under the Integrated Agreement.

a. First, notwithstanding the plain language

of Section 36 of the Integrated Agreement, Pro-Fac has

unequivocally manifested its intention not to perform

its obligation to transfer title to the Facilities and

its interest in the associated intangibles to Curtice

Burns upon 60 days' written notice and tender of the

book value thereof.

b. Second, notwithstanding that under

Section 42 of the Integrated Agreement Curtice Burns is

obligated to process and market only "crops of the type

and in the amounts set forth by acreage and tonnage in

<PAGE>13

the raw product section of the profit plan as approved

each year by the boards of directors of [Curtice Burns

and Pro-Fac]" (emphasis added), Pro-Fac has asserted,

and advised potential acquirors of Curtice Burns, that

Curtice Burns is liable to Pro-Fac for Curtice Burns's

"wrongful termination" of its obligation to purchase

crops from Pro-Fac beyond those crops specified in the

fiscal 1995 profit plan.

c. Third, notwithstanding the lack of any

support in the Integrated Agreement or otherwise, Pro-

Fac has asserted, and advised potential acquirors of

Curtice Burns, that Pro-Fac is entitled to one-half the

proceeds of any sale of Curtice Burns to any third

party.

21. Since Curtice Burns first announced its

restructuring plan, Pro-Fac has wrongfully and willfully

pursued a campaign to frustrate and disrupt Curtice Burns's

legitimate efforts to enhance its shareholder value,

including by raising the foregoing meritless claims. Pro-

Fac's objective in pursuing this strategy is to acquire

Curtice Burns for less than full value by eliminating

potential third-party bidders.

22. The foregoing actions constitute an

anticipatory breach of Pro-Fac's obligations under the

<PAGE>14

Integrated Agreement and intentional interference with

advantageous business opportunities of Curtice Burns.

23. Pro-Fac's actions have caused and threaten to

continue to cause Curtice Burns and its shareholders to

sustain substantial losses. As a direct result of Pro-Fac's

anticipatory breach of, and wrongful refusal to abide by,

the terms of Section 36 of the Integrated Agreement and its

continued assertion of meritless claims against Curtice

Burns, Curtice Burns and its shareholders will lose the

opportunity to sell shares pursuant to the terms of Dean's

substantially superior May 31, 1994 proposal. Furthermore,

the business of Curtice Burns has been and continues to be

damaged by the uncertainty created by Pro-Fac's assertions

of baseless claims against Curtice Burns, uncertainty which

has adversely affected Curtice Burns's relations with its

customers, suppliers and employees. Unless a swift

resolution of the parties' dispute under the Integrated

Agreement is reached, Curtice Burns will sustain further

losses and lose other valuable opportunities.

WHEREFORE, Curtice Burns prays for:

(a) a declaration that, on the sixtieth day after
Curtice Burns gives written notice to Pro-Fac of its

intention to exercise its rights under Section 36, and
upon tender by Curtice Burns of the book value of the

Facilities and associated intangibles as of the time of
purchase, as determined by Curtice Burns's independent

<PAGE>14

certified public accountants, Pro-Fac shall transfer,
and shall be deemed to have transferred, title to and

all interest in the Facilities and associated
intangibles to Curtice Burns;

(b) a declaration that the Integrated Agreement

and all of Curtice Burns's obligations to Pro-Fac
thereunder (other than its obligation to complete the

processing of crops for the year that includes the date
of termination if on such date Pro-Fac is obligated to

process crops for its members) are terminated as of the
date Pro-Fac shall be deemed to have transferred title

to and all interest in the Facilities and the
associated intangibles to Curtice Burns;

(c) a declaration that Curtice Burns is not

obligated under the Integrated Agreement to purchase
any crops from Pro-Fac except such crops as are of the

types and in the amounts set forth in the raw product
section of the fiscal 1995 profit plan as approved by

the Boards of Directors of Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns;

(d) an award of damages sustained by Curtice Burns
as the result of Pro-Fac's wrongful conduct, in an

amount to be determined by the arbitrators, but in no
event less than the difference in value between Dean's

$20 per share offer and the market price per share of
Curtice Burns's stock following any public announcement

that the Dean proposal has been withdrawn, together
with interest thereon; 

(e) all costs, including reasonable attorneys'

fees, that Curtice Burns shall incur herein; and

<PAGE>15

(f) such other and further relief as the
arbitrators deem just and proper.

Unless within twenty days after service of this

notice, Pro-Fac applies for a stay of arbitration, Pro-Fac

will thereafter be precluded from objecting that a valid

agreement was not made or has not been complied with and

from asserting in court the bar of a limitation of time.

July 8, 1994

/S/ Robert S. Rifkind
------------------------------
Robert S. Rifkind

CRAVATH, SWAINE & MOORE
Worldwide Plaza
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, NY
10019-7475
(212) 474-1000

- and -

/S/ Harry P. Trueheart
------------------------------
Harry P. Trueheart, III

NIXON, HARGRAVE, DEVANS &
DOYLE
Clinton Square
P.O. Box 1051
Rochester, NY 14603
(716) 263-1000

Attorneys for Curtice-Burns
Foods, Inc.

<PAGE>16

EXHIBIT A TO DEMAND FOR ARBITRATION

[Not filed with Securities and Exchange
Commission; incorporated by reference to Curtice-Burns
Foods, Inc. Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 26,
1992.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>