<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000276235-94-000018.txt : 19941122
<IMS-HEADER>0000276235-94-000018.hdr.sgml : 19941122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000276235-94-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941109
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in control of registrant
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941118
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000276235
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	6021
		IRS NUMBER:				541091649
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-08829
		FILM NUMBER:		94561211

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1021 E CARY ST
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8047824000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1021 EAST CARY STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 27602
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMONWEALTH BANKS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19790617
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

____________ 

FORM 8-K 

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

_____________________ 

Date of Report (Date of earliest 
event reported) November 9, 1994 

Central Fidelity Banks, Inc. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Virginia 0-8829 54-1091649 
(State of (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 
incorporation) Identification No.) 

P.O. Box 27602, Richmond, Virginia 23261 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(804) 782-4000 
(Registrant's telephone number, 
including area code) 

N/A 
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

<PAGE> 2 

Items 1-4. Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Events. 

On May 3, 1989, the Board of Directors of Central Fidelity 
Banks, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the "Company"), declared a dividend 
of 
one right (a "Right") for each share of common stock, par value $5 per 
share ("Common Stock"), of the Company held of record at the close of 
business on May 18, 1989 (the "Record Date"), or issued thereafter and 
prior to the Distribution Date (as hereinafter defined). The Rights were 
issued pursuant to a Rights Agreement, dated as of May 3, 1989 (the 
"Rights 
Agreement"), between the Company and Mellon Bank, N.A., as Rights Agent. 
On November 9, 1994, the Company amended and restated the Rights 
Agreement 
in its entirety (the "Restated Rights Agreement") and appointed Central 
Fidelity National Bank to replace Mellon Bank, N.A. as Rights Agent. The 
terms of the Rights, as so amended, are summarized herein. 

Each Right entitles its registered holder to purchase from 
the 
Company, after the Distribution Date, one one-hundredth of a share of 
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $25.00 per share 
(the "Participating Preferred Stock"), for $110 (the "Purchase Price"), 
subject to adjustment. The Rights will be evidenced by the Common Stock 
certificates until the close of business on the earlier of the date 
(either, the "Distribution Date") which is (i) the tenth business day (or 
such later date as the Board of Directors of the Company may from time to 
time fix by resolution adopted prior to the Distribution Date that would 
otherwise have occurred) after the date on which any Person (as defined 
in 
the Restated Rights Agreement) commences a tender or exchange offer 
which, 
if consummated, would result in such Person's becoming an Acquiring 
Person, 
as defined below, or (ii) the tenth business day (or such earlier or 
later 
date as the Board of Directors of the Company may from time to time fix 
by 
resolution adopted prior to the Flip-in Date (as defined below) that 
would 
otherwise have occurred) after the first date of public announcement by 
the 
Company that such Person has become an Acquiring Person, other than as a 
result of a Flip-over Transaction or Event (as defined below)(the "Flip- 
in 
Date"); provided that if a tender or exchange offer referred to in clause 
(i) is cancelled, terminated or otherwise withdrawn prior to the 
Distribution Date without the purchase of any shares of stock pursuant 
thereto, such offer shall be deemed never to have been made. An 
Acquiring 
Person is any Person who is the Beneficial Owner (as defined in the 
Restated Rights Agreement) of 10% or more of the outstanding shares of 
Common Stock, provided, however, such term shall not include (i) the 
Company, any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company or any 

<PAGE> 3 

employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan of the Company, 
(ii) any person who is the Beneficial Owner of 10% or more of the 
outstand- 
ing Common Stock as of the date of the Restated Rights Agreement or who 
shall become the Beneficial Owner of 10% or more of the outstanding 
Common 
Stock solely as a result of an acquisition of Common Stock by the 
Company, 
until such time as such Person acquires additional Common Stock, other 
than 
through a dividend or stock split, (iii) any Person who becomes an 
Acquiring Person without any plan or intent to seek or affect control of 
the Company if such Person, promptly divests sufficient securities such 
that such 10% or greater Beneficial Ownership ceases or (iv) any Person 
who 
Beneficially Owns shares of Common Stock consisting solely of (A) shares 
acquired pursuant to the grant or exercise of an option granted by the 
Company in connection with an agreement to merge with, or acquire, the 
Company prior to a Flip-in Date, (B) shares owned by such Person and its 
Affiliates and Associates at the time of such grant, (C) shares, 
amounting 
to less than 1% of the outstanding Common Stock, acquired by Affiliates 
and 
Associates of such Person after the time of such grant and (D) Common 
Shares which are held by such Person in trust accounts, managed accounts 
or 
in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of third persons who are not 
Affiliates or Associates of such Person or in respect of a debt 
previously 
contracted. The Restated Rights Agreement provides that, until the 
Distribution Date, the Rights will be transferred with and only with the 
Common Stock. Common Stock certificates issued prior to the Distribution 
Date shall evidence one Right for each share of Common Stock represented 
thereby and shall contain a legend incorporating by reference the terms 
of 
the Restated Rights Agreement (as such may be amended from time to time). 
Notwithstanding the absence of the aforementioned legend or the existence 
of an earlier form of legend, certificates evidencing shares of Common 
Stock outstanding on or prior to November 9, 1994 shall also evidence one 
Right for each share of Common Stock evidenced thereby. Promptly 
following 
the Distribution Date, separate certificates evidencing the Rights 
("Rights 
Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of Common Stock at the 
Distribution Date. 

The Rights will not be exercisable until the Business Day (as 
defined in the Restated Rights Agreement) following the Distribution 
Date. 
The Rights will expire on the earliest of (i) the Exchange Time (as 
defined 
below), (ii) the close of business on November 9, 2004, (iii) the date on 
which the Rights are redeemed as described below and (iv) upon the merger 
of the Company into another corporation pursuant to an agreement entered 
into prior to a Flip-in Date (in any such case, the "Final Expiration 
Date"). 

<PAGE> 4 

The Purchase Price and the number of Rights outstanding, or 
in 
certain circumstances the securities purchasable upon exercise of the 
Rights, are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution 
in 
the event of a Common Stock dividend on, or a subdivision or a 
combination 
into a smaller number of shares of, Common Stock, or the issuance or 
distribution of any securities or assets in respect of, in lieu of or in 
exchange for Common Stock. 

In the event that prior to the Final Expiration Date a Flip- 
in 
Date occurs, the Company shall take such action as shall be necessary to 
ensure and provide that each Right (other than Rights Beneficially Owned 
by 
the Acquiring Person or any affiliate or associate thereof, which Rights 
shall become void) shall constitute the right to purchase from the 
Company, 
upon the exercise thereof in accordance with the terms of the Restated 
Rights Agreement, that number of shares of Common Stock of the Company 
having an aggregate Market Price (as defined in the Restated Rights 
Agreement), on the date of the public announcement of an Acquiring 
Person's 
becoming such (the "Shares Acquisition Date") that gave rise to the Flip- 
in 
Date, equal to twice the Purchase Price for an amount in cash equal to 
the 
then current Purchase Price. In addition, the Board of Directors of the 
Company may, at its option, at any time after a Flip-in Date and prior to 
the time an Acquiring Person becomes the Beneficial Owner of more than 
50% 
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, elect to exchange all (but not 
less than all) the then outstanding Rights (other than Rights 
Beneficially 
Owned by the Acquiring Person or any affiliate or associate thereof, 
which 
Rights become void) for shares of Common Stock at an exchange ratio of 
one 
share of Common Stock per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any 
stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the 
date 
of the Distribution Date (the "Exchange Ratio"). Immediately upon such 
action by the Board of Directors (the "Exchange Time"), the right to 
exercise the Rights will terminate and each Right will thereafter 
represent 
only the right to receive a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the 
Exchange Ratio. 

Whenever the Company shall become obligated under the 
preceding 
paragraph to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise of or in exchange 
for Rights, the Company, at its option, may substitute therefor shares of 
Participating Preferred Stock, at a ratio of one one-hundredth of a share 
of Participating Preferred Stock for each share of Common Stock so 
issuable. 

In the event that prior to the Final Expiration Date the 
Company enters into, consummates or permits to occur a 

<PAGE> 5 

transaction or series of transactions after the time an Acquiring Person 
has become such in which, directly or indirectly, (i) the Company shall 
consolidate or merge or participate in a binding share exchange with any 
other Person if, at the time of the consolidation, merger or share 
exchange 
or at the time the Company enters into an agreement with respect to such 
consolidation, merger or share exchange, the Acquiring Person controls 
the 
Board of Directors of the Company and either (A) any term of or 
arrangement 
concerning the treatment of shares of capital stock in such merger, 
consolidation or share exchange relating to the Acquiring Person is not 
identical to the terms and arrangements relating to other holders of 
Common 
Stock or (B) the Person with whom the transaction or series of 
transactions 
occurs is the Acquiring Person, an Affiliate or Associate of the 
Acquiring 
Person or acting in concert with the Acquiring Person or (ii) the Company 
shall sell or otherwise transfer (or one or more of its subsidiaries 
shall 
sell or otherwise transfer) assets (A) aggregating more than 50% of the 
assets (measured by either book value or fair market value) or 
(B) generating more than 50% of the operating income or cash flow, of the 
Company and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person 
(other 
than the Company or one or more of its wholly-owned subsidiaries) or to 
two 
or more such Persons which are affiliated or otherwise acting in concert, 
if, at the time of such sale or transfer of assets or at the time the 
Company (or any such subsidiary) enters into an agreement with respect to 
such sale or transfer, the Acquiring Person controls the Board of 
Directors 
of the Company (a "Flip-over Transaction or Event"), the Company shall 
take 
such action as shall be necessary to ensure, and shall not enter into, 
consummate or permit to occur such Flip-over Transaction or Event until 
it 
shall have entered into a supplemental agreement with the Person engaging 
in such Flip-over Transaction or Event or the parent corporation thereof 
(the "Flip-over Entity"), for the benefit of the holders of the Rights, 
providing, that upon consummation or occurrence of the Flip-over 
Transaction or Event (i) each Right shall thereafter constitute the right 
to purchase from the Flip-over Entity, upon exercise thereof in 
accordance 
with the terms of the Restated Rights Agreement, that number of shares of 
common stock of the Flip-over Entity having an aggregate Market Price on 
the date of consummation or occurrence of such Flip-over Transaction or 
Event equal to twice the Purchase Price for an amount in cash equal to 
the 
then current Purchase Price and (ii) the Flip-over Entity shall 
thereafter 
be liable for, and shall assume, by virtue of such Flip-over Transaction 
or 
Event and such supplemental agreement, all the obligations and duties of 
the Company pursuant to the Restated Rights Agreement. For purposes of 
the 
foregoing description, the term "Acquiring Person" shall include any 

<PAGE> 6 

Acquiring Person and its Affiliates and Associates counted together as a 
single Person. 

The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its option, at 
any time prior to the close of business on the Flip-in Date, redeem all 
(but not less than all) the then outstanding Rights at a price of $.01 
per 
Right) (the "Redemption Price"), as provided in the Restated Rights 
Agreement. Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the 
Company electing to redeem the Rights, without any further action and 
without any notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and 
each Right will thereafter represent only the right to receive the 
Redemp- 
tion Price in cash for each Right so held. 

The holders of Rights will, solely by reason of their 
ownership 
of Rights, have no rights as shareholders of the Company, including, 
without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends. 

The Restated Rights Agreement (which includes as Exhibit A 
the 
forms of Rights Certificate and Election to Exercise) is attached hereto 
as 
an exhibit and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing 
descrip- 
tion of the Rights is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
Restated Rights Agreement and such exhibit thereto. 

Item 6. Not Applicable. 

Item 7. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. Description 

(4) Restated Rights Agreement, which 
includes an amended Form of Rights 
Certificate and of Election to 
Exercise, included as Exhibit A to the 
Restated Rights Agreement. 

(99) Press release, dated November 10, 1994, 
issued by the Company. 

<PAGE> 7 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused 
this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly 
authorized. 

CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS, INC. 

By /s/ James F. Campbell 
Name: James F. Campbell 
Title: Senior Vice President 
and Controller 

Date: November 18, 1994 

<PAGE> 8 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
Under Reg. 
S-K, Item 601 Description 

(4) Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, 
dated as of November 9, 1994 (the 
"Rights Agreement"), between Central 
Fidelity Banks, Inc. and Central 
Fidelity National Bank, as Rights 
Agent, including as Exhibit A the forms 
of Rights Certificate and Election to 
Exercise. 

(99) Press release, dated November 10, 1994, 
issued by the Company. 

<PAGE> 

EXHIBIT 
(4) 

CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS, INC. 

and 

CENTRAL FIDELITY NATIONAL BANK 

Rights Agent 

Amended and Restated Rights Agreement 

Dated as of November 9, 1994 

<PAGE> i 

AMENDED AND RESTATED RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Article I 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 Certain Definitions .................... 2 

Article II 
THE RIGHTS 

Section 2.1 Summary of Rights ...................... 13 
Section 2.2 Legend on Common Share 
Certificates ......................... 13 
Section 2.3 Exercise of Rights; 
Distribution of Rights Certificates ... 14 
Section 2.4 Adjustments to Purchase Price; 
Number of Rights ..................... 18 
Section 2.5 Date on Which Exercise is 
Effective ............................ 20 
Section 2.6 Execution, Authentication, Delivery 
and Dating of Rights 
Certificates ......................... 21 
Section 2.7 Registration, Registration of 
Transfer and Exchange ................ 22 
Section 2.8 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and 
Stolen Rights Certificates ........... 24 
Section 2.9 Persons Deemed Owners .................. 25 
Section 2.10 Delivery and Cancellation of 
Certificates ......................... 26 
Section 2.11 Agreement of Rights Holders ............ 26 

Article III 
ADJUSTMENTS TO THE RIGHTS IN THE EVENT OF 
CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 

Section 3.1 Flip-in ................................ 28 
Section 3.2 Flip-over .............................. 32 

Article IV 
THE RIGHTS AGENT 

Section 4.1 General ................................ 34 
Section 4.2 Merger or Consolidation or Change of 
Name of Rights Agent ................. 35 
Section 4.3 Duties of Rights Agent ................. 36 
Section 4.4 Change of Rights Agent ................. 40 

<PAGE> ii 

Article V 
MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 5.1 Redemption ............................. 42 
Section 5.2 Expiration ............................. 43 
Section 5.3 Issuance of New Rights 
Certificates ......................... 43 
Section 5.4 Supplements and Amendments ............. 44 
Section 5.5 Fractional Shares ...................... 45 
Section 5.6 Rights of Action ....................... 45 
Section 5.7 Holder of Rights Not Deemed a 
Shareholder .......................... 46 
Section 5.8 Notice of Proposed Actions ............. 47 
Section 5.9 Notices ................................ 47 
Section 5.10 Suspension of Exercisability ........... 48 
Section 5.11 Costs of Enforcement ................... 49 
Section 5.12 Successors ............................. 49 
Section 5.13 Benefits of this Agreement ............. 49 
Section 5.14 Determination and Actions by 
the Board of Directors, etc........... 50 
Section 5.15 Descriptive Headings ................... 50 
Section 5.16 Governing Law .......................... 51 
Section 5.17 Counterparts ........................... 51 
Section 5.18 Severability ........................... 51 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A Form of Rights Certificate 
(Together with Form of 
Election to Exercise) 

Exhibit B Form of Articles of Amendment 
to Articles of Incorporation of 
Central Fidelity Banks, Inc. 

<PAGE> 1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

AMENDED AND RESTATED RIGHTS AGREEMENT (as amended from time 
to 

time, this "Agreement"), dated as of November 9, 1994, between Central 

Fidelity Banks, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the "Company"), and Central 

Fidelity National Bank, a national banking association, as Rights Agent 

(the "Rights Agent", which term shall include any successor Rights Agent 

hereunder). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Company and Mellon Bank, N.A., as rights agent, 

entered into a Rights Agreement, dated as of May 3, 1989 (hereinafter 

referred to as the "Original Rights Agreement") with respect to the 

declaration of one preferred share purchase right ("Right") for each 
Common 

Share (as hereinafter defined) outstanding on May 18, 1989 (the "Record 

Date"), each Right representing the right to purchase one one-hundredth 
of 

a share of participating preferred stock (which, as a result of two stock 

splits of the Company, became the right to purchase four nine-hundredths 
of 

share of participating preferred stock), upon the terms and subject to 
the 

conditions set forth in the Original Rights Agreement, and the Board of 

Directors authorized and directed the issuance of one Right with respect 
to 

each Common Share that became outstanding between the Record Date and the 

earliest of the Distribution Date, 

<PAGE> 2 

the Redemption Date and the Final Expiration Date (as such terms were 

defined in the Original Rights Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Original Rights Agreement provides that until 
any 

Person becomes an Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in the 

Original Rights Agreement), the Company may make any provisions with 

respect to the Rights which the Company may deem necessary or desirable 
and 

that the Company may replace the rights agent; 

WHEREAS, no Person has become an Acquiring Person (as such 

terms are defined in the Original Rights Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to appoint Central Fidelity 

National Bank to replace Mellon Bank, N.A. as rights agent; 

WHEREAS, the Company wishes each Right to be the right to 

acquire one one-hundredth Preferred Share (as hereinafter defined); 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Rights Agent wish to amend and 

restate the Original Rights Agreement in its entirety as follows: 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the 
Mutual 

agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

<PAGE> 3 

ARTICLE I 

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

1.1 Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, 
the 

following terms have the meanings indicated: 

"Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person who is a Beneficial 

Owner of 10% or more of the outstanding Common Shares; provided, however, 

that the term "Acquiring Person" shall not include any Person (i) who is 

the Beneficial Owner of 10% or more of the outstanding Common Shares on 
the 

date of this Agreement or who shall become the Beneficial Owner of 10% or 

more of the outstanding Common Shares solely as a result of an 
acquisition 

by the Company of Common Shares, until such time hereafter or thereafter 
as 

any of such Persons shall become the Beneficial Owner (other than by 
means 

of a stock dividend or stock split) of any additional Common Shares, (ii) 

who is the Beneficial Owner of 10% or more of the outstanding Common 
Shares 

but who acquired Beneficial Ownership of Common Shares without any plan 
or 

intention to seek or affect control of the Company, if such Person 
promptly 

enters into an irrevocable commitment promptly to divest, and thereafter 

promptly divests (without exercising or retaining any power, including 

voting, with respect to such shares), sufficient Common Shares (or 

securities convertible into, exchangeable into or exercisable for Common 

Shares) so that such Person ceases to be the Beneficial Owner of 10% or 

more of the outstanding 

<PAGE> 4 

Common Shares or (iii) who Beneficially Owns Common Shares consisting 

solely of one or more of (A) Common Shares Beneficially Owned pursuant to 

the grant or exercise of an option granted to such Person by the Company 
in 

connection with an agreement to merge with, or acquire, the Company at a 

time prior to a Flip-in Date, (B) Common Shares (or securities 
convertible 

into, exchangeable into or exercisable for Common Shares), Beneficially 

Owned by such Person or its Affiliates or Associates at the time of grant 

of such option, (C) Common Shares (or securities convertible into, 

exchangeable into or exercisable for Common Shares) acquired by 
Affiliates 

or Associates of such Person after the time of such grant which, in the 

aggregate, amount to less than 1% of the outstanding Common Shares and 
(D) 

Common Shares (or securities convertible into, exchangeable into or 

exercisable for Common Shares) which are held by such Person in trust 

accounts, managed accounts and the like or otherwise held in a fiduciary 

capacity, that are beneficially owned by third persons who are not 

Affiliates or Associates of such Person or acting together with such 
Person 

to hold such shares, or which are held by such Person in respect of a 
debt 

previously contracted. In addition, the Company, any wholly-owned 

Subsidiary of the Company and any employee stock ownership or other 

employee benefit plan of the Company or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the 

Company shall not be an Acquiring Person. 

<PAGE> 5 

"Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective 
meanings 

ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 

1934, as such Rule is in effect on the date of this Agreement. 

A Person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner", and to have 

"Beneficial Ownership" of, and to "Beneficially Own", any securities as 
to 

which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates is or 

may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of pursuant to Rule 13d-3 and 
13d- 

5 under the Securities Exchange Act, as such Rules are in effect on the 

date of this Agreement as well as any securities as to which such Person 
or 

any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates has the right to become 

Beneficial Owner (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only 

after the passage of time or the occurrence of conditions) pursuant to 
any 

agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of 
conversion 

rights, exchange rights, rights (other than the Rights), warrants or 

options, or otherwise; provided, however, that a Person shall not be 
deemed 

the "Beneficial Owner", or to have "Beneficial Ownership" of, or to 

"Beneficially Own", any security (i) solely because such security has 
been 

tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by such Person or 
any 

of such Person's Affiliates or Associates until such tendered security is 

accepted for payment or exchange or (ii) solely because such Person or 
any 

of such Person's Affiliates or 

<PAGE> 6 

Associates has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of such 

security pursuant to a revocable proxy given in response to a public 
proxy 

or consent solicitation made to more than ten holders of shares of a 
class 

of stock of the Company registered under Section 12 of the Securities 

Exchange Act of 1934 and pursuant to, and in accordance with, the 

applicable rules and regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, 

except if such power (or the arrangements relating thereto) is then 

reportable under Item 6 of Schedule 13D under the Securities Exchange Act 

of 1934 (or any similar provision of a comparable or successor report). 

For purposes of this Agreement, in determining the percentage of the out- 

standing Common Shares with respect to which a Person is the Beneficial 

Owner, all shares as to which such Person is deemed the Beneficial Owner 

shall be deemed outstanding. 

"Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, 
Sunday 

or a day on which banking institutions in the Commonwealth of Virginia 
are 

authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

"Close of business" on any given date shall mean 5:00 p.m. 

Richmond, Virginia time on such date; provided, however, that if such 
date 

is not a Business Day it shall mean, 5:00 p.m. Richmond, Virginia time on 

the next succeeding Business Day. 

<PAGE> 7 

"Common Shares" shall mean the shares of common stock, par 

value $5.00 per share, of the Company. 

"Distribution Date" shall mean the close of business on the 

earlier of (i) the tenth business day (or such later date as the Board of 

Directors of the Company may from time to time fix by resolution adopted 

prior to the Distribution Date that would otherwise have occurred) after 

the date on which any Person commences a tender or exchange offer which, 
if 

consummated, would result in such Person's becoming an Acquiring Person 
and 

(ii) the Flip-in Date; provided, that if any tender or exchange offer 

referred to in clause (i) of this paragraph is cancelled, terminated or 

otherwise withdrawn prior to the Distribution Date without the purchase 
of 

any Common Shares pursuant thereto, such offer shall be deemed, for 

purposes of this paragraph, never to have been made. 

"Exchange Time" shall mean the time at which the right to 

exercise the Rights shall terminate pursuant to Section 3.1(c) hereof. 

"Final Expiration Date" shall mean the earliest of (i) the 

Exchange Time, (ii) the Redemption Time, (iii) the close of business on 
the 

tenth-year anniversary of the date hereof and (iv) upon the merger of the 

Company into another corporation pursuant to an agreement entered into 

prior to a Flip-in Date. 

<PAGE> 8 

"Flip-in Date" shall mean the tenth business day after any 

Shares Acquisition Date which is not the result of a Flip-over 
Transaction 

or Event or such earlier or later date as the Board of Directors of the 

Company may from time to time fix by resolution adopted prior to the 
Flip- 

in Date that would otherwise have occurred. 

"Flip-over Entity," for purposes of Section 3.2, shall mean 

(i) in the case of a Flip-over Transaction or Event described in clause 

(i) of the definition thereof, the Person issuing any securities into 
which 

Common Shares are being converted or exchanged and, if no such securities 

are being issued, the other party to such Flip-over Transaction or Event 

and (ii) in the case of a Flip-over Transaction or Event referred to in 

clause (ii) of the definition thereof, the Person receiving the greatest 

portion of the assets or earning power being transferred in such Flip- 
over 

Transaction or Event, provided in all cases if such Person is a 
subsidiary 

of a corporation, the parent corporation shall be the Flip-over Entity. 

"Flip-over Stock" shall mean the capital stock (or similar 

equity interest) with the greatest voting power in respect of the 
election 

of directors (or other persons similarly responsible for direction of the 

business and affairs) of the Flip-over Entity. 

"Flip-over Transaction or Event" shall mean a transaction or 

series of transactions after the time when an 

<PAGE> 9 

Acquiring Person has become such in which, directly or indirectly, (i) 
the 

Company shall consolidate or merge or participate in a share exchange 
with 

any other Person if, at the time of the consolidation, merger or share 

exchange or at the time the Company enters into any agreement with 
respect 

to any such consolidation, merger or share exchange, the Acquiring Person 

Controls the Board of Directors of the Company and either (A) any term of 

or arrangement concerning the treatment of shares of capital stock in 
such 

consolidation, merger or share exchange relating to the Acquiring Person 
is 

not identical to the terms and arrangements relating to other holders of 

the Common Shares or (B) the Person with whom the transaction or series 
of 

transactions occurs is the Acquiring Person, an Affiliate or Associate of 

the Acquiring Person or acting in concert with the Acquiring Person or 

(ii) the Company shall sell or otherwise transfer (or one or more of its 

Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise transfer) assets (A) aggregating 
more 

than 50% of the assets (measured by either book value or fair market 
value) 

or (B) generating more than 50% of the operating income or cash flow, of 

the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any Person (other 

than the Company or one or more of its wholly owned Subsidiaries) or to 
two 

or more such Persons which are Affiliates or Associates or otherwise 
acting 

in concert, if, at the time of the entry by the Company (or any such 

Subsidiary) into an agreement with respect to such sale 

<PAGE> 10 

or transfer of assets, the Acquiring Person Controls the Board of 
Directors 

of the Company. An Acquiring Person shall be deemed to Control the 

Company's Board of Directors when, following a Flip-in Date, the persons 

who were directors of the Company before the Flip-in Date shall cease to 

constitute a majority of the Company's Board of Directors. 

"Market Price" per share of any securities on any date shall 

mean the average of the daily closing prices per share of such securities 

(determined as described below) on each of the 20 consecutive Trading 
Days 

through and including the Trading Day immediately preceding such date; 

provided, however, that if an event of a type analogous to any of the 

events described in Section 2.4 hereof shall have caused the closing 
prices 

used to determine the Market Price on any Trading Days during such period 

of 20 Trading Days not to be fully comparable with the closing price on 

such date, each such closing price so used shall be appropriately 
adjusted 

in order to make it fully comparable with the closing price on such date. 

The closing price per share of any securities on any date shall be the 
last 

reported sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place or 

is quoted on such date, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, 

regular way, for each share of such securities, in either case as 
reported 

in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect 
to 

<PAGE> 11 

securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, 

Inc. or, if the securities are not listed or admitted to trading on the 
New 

York Stock Exchange, Inc., as reported in the principal consolidated 
trans- 

action reporting system with respect to securities listed on the 
principal 

national securities exchange on which the securities are listed or 
admitted 

to trading or, if the securities are not listed or admitted to trading on 

any national securities exchange, as reported by the National Association 

of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or such other 
system 

then in use, or, if on any such date the securities are not listed or ad- 

mitted to trading on any national securities exchange or quoted by any 
such 

organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as 
furnished 

by a professional market maker making a market in the securities selected 

by the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, that if on 
any 

such date the securities are not listed or admitted to trading on a 

national securities exchange or traded in the over-the-counter market, 
the 

closing price per share of such securities on such date shall mean the 
fair 

value per share of securities on such date as determined in good faith by 

the Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation with a 
nationally 

recognized investment banking firm, and set forth in a certificate 

delivered to the Rights Agent. 

<PAGE> 12 

"Person" shall mean any individual, firm, partnership, 

association, group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the 
Securities 

Exchange Act of 1934, as such Rule is in effect on the date of this 

Agreement), corporation or other entity. 

"Preferred Shares" shall mean shares of 1983 Preferred Stock, 

Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $25.00 per 
share, 

of the Company having the rights and preferences set forth in the Form of 

Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation in substantially 
the 

form set forth in Exhibit B hereto. 

"Purchase Price" shall mean, as of any date, the price at 
which 

a holder may purchase the securities issuable upon exercise of one whole 

Right. Until adjustment thereof in accordance with the terms hereof, the 

Purchase Price shall equal $110. 

"Redemption Price" shall mean an amount equal to one cent, 
$0.01. 

"Redemption Time" shall mean the time at which the right to 

exercise the Rights shall terminate pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof. 

"Shares Acquisition Date" shall mean the first date of public 

announcement by the Company (by any means) that an Acquiring Person has 

become such. 

"Subsidiary" of any specified Person shall mean any 
corporation 

or other entity of which a majority of the 

<PAGE> 13 

voting power of the equity securities or a majority of the equity 
interest 

is Beneficially Owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person. 

"Trading Day," when used with respect to any securities, 
shall 

mean a day on which the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. is open for the 

transaction of business or, if such securities are not listed or admitted 

to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., a day on which the 
princi- 

pal national securities exchange on which such securities are listed or 

admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if such 

securities are not listed or admitted to trading on any national 
securities 

exchange, a Business Day. 

ARTICLE II 

THE RIGHTS 

2.1 Summary of Rights. As soon as practicable after the 
date 

hereof, the Company will mail a letter summarizing the amended terms of 
the 

Rights to each holder of record of Common Shares as of the date hereof, 
at 

such holder's address as shown by the records of the Company. 

2.2 Legend on Common Share Certificates. Certificates for 
the 

Common Shares issued after the date hereof but prior to the Distribution 

Date shall evidence one Right for each Common Share represented thereby 
and 

shall have impressed on, printed on, written on or otherwise affixed to 

them the following legend: 

<PAGE> 14 

Until the Distribution Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement 
referred to below), this certificate also evidences and entitles 
the 
holder hereof to certain Rights as set forth in an Amended and 
Restated Rights Agreement, dated as of November 9, 1994 (as such 
may 
be amended from time to time, the "Rights Agreement"), between 
Central Fidelity Banks, Inc. (the "Company") and Central Fidelity 
National Bank, as Rights Agent, the terms of which are hereby 
incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at 
the principal executive offices of the Company. Under certain 
circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights 
may 
be redeemed, may be exchanged for Common Shares or other securities 
or assets of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, may 
expire, 
may become void (if they are "Beneficially Owned" by an "Acquiring 
Person" or an Affiliate or Associate thereof, as such terms are 
defined in the Rights Agreement, or by any transferee of any of the 
foregoing) or may be evidenced by separate certificates and may no 
longer be evidenced by this certificate. The Company will mail or 
arrange for the mailing of a copy of the Rights Agreement to the 
holder of this certificate without charge within five days after 
the 
receipt of a written request therefor. 

Certificates representing Common Shares that were issued and outstanding 
at 

the Record Date shall evidence one Right for each Common Share evidenced 

thereby notwithstanding the absence of the foregoing legend and 

certificates representing Common Shares issued after such time but prior 
to 

the date hereof bearing the form of legend set forth in the Original 
Rights 

Agreement shall evidence one Right for each Common Share on the terms set 

forth in this Agreement. 

2.3 Exercise of Rights; Distribution of Rights Certificates. 

(a) Subject to Sections 3.1, 5.1 and 5.10 and subject to adjustment as 

herein set forth, each Right will entitle the holder thereof, after the 

Distribution Date 

<PAGE> 15 

and prior to the Final Expiration Date, to purchase, for the Purchase 

Price, one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share. 

(b) Until the Distribution Date, (i) no Right may be 
exercised 

and (ii) each Right will be evidenced by the certificate for the 
associated 

Common Share (together, in the case of certificates issued prior to the 

Record Date, with the Summary of Rights mailed to the record holder 
thereof 

pursuant to Section 3 of the Original Rights Agreement) and will be 

transferable only together with, and will be transferred by a transfer 

(whether with or without such letter) of, such associated share. 

(c) Subject to the terms hereof, after the Distribution Date 

and prior to the Final Expiration Date, the Rights (i) may be exercised 
and 

(ii) may be transferred independent of Common Shares. Promptly following 

the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will mail to each holder of 
record 

of Common Shares as of the Distribution Date (other than any Person whose 

Rights have become void pursuant to Section 3.1(b)), at such holder's 

address as shown by the records of the Company (the Company hereby 
agreeing 

to furnish copies of such records to the Rights Agent for this purpose), 

(x) a certificate (a "Rights Certificate") in substantially the form of 

Exhibit A hereto appropriately completed, representing the number of 
Rights 

held by such holder at the Distribution Date and having such marks of 

identification or designation and such legends, 

<PAGE> 16 

summaries or endorsements printed thereon as the Company may deem appro- 

priate and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, 

or as may be required to comply with any law or with any rule or 
regulation 

made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any national 

securities exchange or quotation system on which the Rights may from time 

to time be listed or traded, or to conform to usage, and (y) a disclosure 

statement describing the Rights. 

(d) Subject to the terms hereof, Rights may be exercised on 

any Business Day after the Distribution Date and prior to the Final 

Expiration Date by submitting to the Rights Agent the Rights Certificate 

evidencing such Rights with an Election to Exercise (an "Election to 
Exer- 

cise") substantially in the form attached to the Rights Certificate duly 

completed, accompanied by payment in cash, or by certified or official 
bank 

check or money order payable to the order of the Company, of a sum equal 
to 

the Purchase Price multiplied by the number of Rights being exercised and 
a 

sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or charge which may be payable 
in 

respect of any transfer involved in the transfer or delivery of Rights 

Certificates or the issuance or delivery of certificates for shares or 

depositary receipts (or both) in a name other than that of the holder of 

the Rights being exercised. 

<PAGE> 17 

(e) Upon receipt of a Rights Certificate, with an Election 
to 

Exercise accompanied by payment as set forth in Section 2.3(d), and 
subject 

to the terms hereof, the Rights Agent will thereupon promptly (i)(A) 

requisition from a transfer agent stock certificates evidencing such 
number 

of shares or other securities to be purchased (the Company hereby 

irrevocably authorizing its transfer agents to comply with all such 

requisitions) and (B) if the Company elects pursuant to Section 5.5 not 
to 

issue certificates representing fractional shares, requisition from the 

depositary selected by the Company depositary receipts representing the 

fractional shares to be purchased or requisition from the Company the 

amount of cash to be paid in lieu of fractional shares in accordance with 

Section 5.5 and (ii) after receipt of such certificates, depositary 

receipts and/or cash, deliver the same to or upon the order of the 

registered holder of such Rights Certificate, registered (in the case of 

certificates or depositary receipts) in such name or names as may be 
desig- 

nated by such holder. 

(f) In case the holder of any Rights shall exercise less 
than 

all the Rights evidenced by such holder's Rights Certificate, a new 
Rights 

Certificate evidencing the Rights remaining unexercised will be issued by 

the Rights Agent to such holder or to such holder's duly authorized 

assigns. 

<PAGE> 18 

(g) The Company covenants and agrees that it will (i) take 
all 

such action as may be necessary to ensure that all shares delivered upon 

exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the certificates for 

such shares (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be duly and 
validly 

authorized, executed, issued and delivered and fully paid and 

nonassessable; (ii) take all such action as may be necessary to comply 
with 

any applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Securities 

Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and any 

other applicable law, rule or regulation, in connection with the issuance 

of any shares upon exercise of Rights; and (iii) pay when due and payable 

any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges which may be 

payable in respect of the original issuance or delivery of the Rights 

Certificates or of any shares issued upon the exercise of Rights, 
provided 

that the Company shall not be required to pay any transfer tax or charge 

which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the transfer 
or 

delivery of Rights Certificates or the issuance or delivery of 
certificates 

for shares in a name other than that of the holder of the Rights being 

transferred or exercised. 

2.4 Adjustments to Purchase Price; Number of Rights. (a) 
In 

the event the Company shall at any time prior to the Distribution Date 

(i) declare or pay a dividend on Common Shares payable in Common Shares, 

(ii) subdivide 

<PAGE> 19 

the outstanding Common Shares or (iii) combine the outstanding Common 

Shares into a smaller number of Common Shares, (x) the Purchase Price in 

effect after such adjustment will be equal to the Purchase Price in 
effect 

immediately prior to such adjustment divided by the number of Common 
Shares 

(the "Expansion Factor") that a holder of one Common Share immediately 

prior to such dividend, subdivision or combination would hold thereafter 
as 

a result thereof and (y) each Right held prior to such adjustment will 

become that number of Rights equal to the Expansion Factor, and the 

adjusted number of Rights will be deemed to be distributed among the 
Common 

Shares with respect to which the original Rights were associated (if they 

remain outstanding) and the shares issued in respect of such dividend, 

subdivision or combination, so that each such Common Share will have 

exactly one Right associated with it. Each adjustment made pursuant to 

this paragraph shall be made as of the payment or effective date for the 

applicable dividend, subdivision or combination. 

In the event the Company shall at any time prior to the 

Distribution Date issue any Common Shares otherwise than in a transaction 

referred to in the preceding paragraph, each such Common Share so issued 

shall automatically have one new Right associated with it, which Right 

shall be evidenced by the certificate representing such share. To the 

extent provided in Section 5.3, Rights 

<PAGE> 20 

shall be issued by the Company in respect of Common Shares that are 
issued 

or sold by the Company after the Distribution Date. 

(b) In the event the Company shall prior to the Distribution 

Date issue or distribute any securities or assets in respect of, in lieu 
of 

or in exchange for Common Shares (other than pursuant to a regular 
periodic 

cash dividend or a dividend paid solely in Common Shares) whether by 

dividend, in a reclassification or recapitalization (including any such 

transaction involving a merger, consolidation or share exchange), or 
other- 

wise, the Company shall make such adjustments, if any, in the Purchase 

Price, number of Rights and/or securities or other property purchasable 

upon exercise of Rights as the Board of Directors of the Company, in its 

sole discretion, may deem to be appropriate under the circumstances in 

order to adequately protect the interests of the holders of Rights 

generally, and the Company and the Rights Agent shall amend this 
Agreement 

as necessary to provide for such adjustments. 

(c) Each adjustment to the Purchase Price made pursuant to 

this Section 2.4 shall be calculated to the nearest cent. Whenever an 

adjustment to the Purchase Price is made pursuant to this Section 2.4, 
the 

Company shall (i) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth such 

adjustment and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such 

adjustment, (ii) promptly file with the Rights Agent 

<PAGE> 21 

and with each transfer agent for the Common Shares a copy of such 

certificate and (iii) mail a brief summary thereof to each holder of 
Rights 

Certificates. 

(d) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the 
securities 

purchasable upon exercise of the Rights, the Rights Certificates 

theretofore and thereafter issued may continue to express the securities 
so 

purchasable which were expressed in the initial Rights Certificates 
issued 

hereunder. 

2.5 Date on Which Exercise is Effective. Each person in 
whose 

name any certificate for shares is issued upon the exercise of Rights 
shall 

for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of the 

shares represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the 

date upon which the Rights Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly 

surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price for such Rights (and any 

applicable taxes and other governmental charges payable by the exercising 

holder hereunder) was made; provided, however, that if the date of such 

surrender and payment is a date upon which the stock transfer books of 
the 

Company are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the record 

holder of such shares on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next 

succeeding Business Day on which the stock transfer books of the Company 

are open. 

<PAGE> 22 

2.6 Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating of Rights 

Certificates. (a) The Rights Certificates shall be executed on behalf 
of 

the Company by its Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, its 

President, any of its Vice Presidents or its Treasurer, under its 
corporate 

seal reproduced thereon attested by its Secretary or any of its Assistant 

Secretaries. The signature of any of these officers on the Rights 
Certifi- 

cates may be manual or facsimile. 

Rights Certificates bearing the manual or facsimile 
signatures 

of individuals who were at any time the proper officers of the Company 

shall bind the Company, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of 

them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the countersignature and 

delivery of such Rights Certificates. 

Promptly after the Distribution Date, the Company will notify 

the Rights Agent of such Distribution Date and will deliver Rights 

Certificates executed by the Company to the Rights Agent for 
countersigna- 

ture, and, subject to Section 3.1(b), the Rights Agent shall manually 

countersign and deliver such Rights Certificates to the holders of the 

Rights pursuant to Section 2.3(c) hereof. No Rights Certificate shall be 

valid for any purpose unless manually countersigned by the Rights Agent. 

(b) Each Rights Certificate shall be dated the date of 

countersignature thereof. 

<PAGE> 23 

2.7 Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) After the Distribution Date, the Company will cause to be kept a 

register (the "Rights Register") in which, subject to such reasonable 

regulations as it may prescribe, the Company will provide for the 

registration and transfer of Rights. The Rights Agent is hereby 
appointed 

"Rights Registrar" for the purpose of maintaining the Rights Register for 

the Company and registering Rights and transfers of Rights after the 

Distribution Date as herein provided. In the event that the Rights Agent 

shall cease to be the Rights Registrar, the Rights Agent will have the 

right to examine the Rights Register at all reasonable times after the 

Distribution Date. 

After the Distribution Date and prior to the Final Expiration 

Date, upon surrender for registration of transfer or exchange of any 
Rights 

Certificate, and subject to the provisions of Section 2.7(c) and (d), the 

Company will execute, and the Rights Agent will countersign and deliver, 
in 

the name of the holder or the designated transferee or transferees, as 

required pursuant to the holder's instructions, one or more new Rights 

Certificates evidencing the same aggregate number of Rights as did the 

Rights Certificate so surrendered. 

(b) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.1(b), all 
Rights 

issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Rights 
Certificates 

shall be the 

<PAGE> 24 

valid obligations of the Company, and such Rights shall be entitled to 
the 

same benefits under this Agreement as the Rights surrendered upon such 

registration of transfer or exchange. 

(c) Every Rights Certificate surrendered for registration of 

transfer or exchange shall be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a 
written 

instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company or the Rights 

Agent, as the case may be, duly executed by the holder thereof or such 

holder's attorney duly authorized in writing. As a condition to the 

issuance of any new Rights Certificate under this Section 2.7, the 
Company 

may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other 

governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto. 

(d) The Company shall not be required to register the 
transfer 

or exchange of any Rights after such Rights have become void under 
Section 

3.1(b), been exchanged under Section 3.1(c) or been redeemed or 
terminated 

under Section 5.1. 

2.8 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Rights 
Certificates. 

(a) If any mutilated Rights Certificate is surrendered to the Rights 
Agent 

prior to the Expiration Time, then, subject to Sections 3.1(b) and 5.1, 
the 

Company shall execute and the Rights Agent shall countersign and deliver 
in 

exchange therefor a new Rights Certificate 

<PAGE> 25 

evidencing the same number of Rights as did the Rights Certificate so 

surrendered. 

(b) If there shall be delivered to the Company and the 
Rights 

Agent prior to the Final Expiration Date (i) evidence to their 
satisfaction 

of the destruction, loss or theft of any Rights Certificate and (ii) such 

security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them and 

any of their agents harmless, then, subject to Sections 3.1(b) and 5.1 
and 

in the absence of notice to the Company or the Rights Agent that such 

Rights Certificate has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the 
Company 

shall execute and upon its request the Rights Agent shall countersign and 

deliver, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Rights 
Certificate, 

a new Rights Certificate evidencing the same number of Rights as did the 

Rights Certificate so destroyed, lost or stolen. 

(c) As a condition to the issuance of any new Rights 

Certificate under this Section 2.8, the Company may require the payment 
of 

a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may 
be 

imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees 
and 

expenses of the Rights Agent) connected therewith. 

(d) Every new Rights Certificate issued pursuant to this 

Section 2.8 in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Rights Certificate 

shall evidence an original additional contractual obligation of the 

Company, whether or not the 

<PAGE> 26 

destroyed, lost or stolen Rights Certificate shall be at any time 

enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this 

Agreement equally and proportionately with any and all other Rights duly 

issued hereunder. 

2.9 Persons Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of a 

Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, the associated 

Common Share certificate) for registration of transfer, the Company, the 

Rights Agent and any agent of the Company or the Rights Agent may deem 
and 

treat the person in whose name such Rights Certificate (or, prior to the 

Distribution Date, such Common Share certificate) is registered as the 

absolute owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced thereby for all 
purposes 

whatsoever, including the payment of the Redemption Price, and neither 
the 

Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the 

contrary. As used in this Agreement, unless the context otherwise 

requires, the term "holder" of any Rights shall mean the registered 
holder 

of such Rights (or, prior to the Distribution Date, the associated Common 

Shares). 

2.10 Delivery and Cancellation of Certificates. All Rights 

Certificates surrendered upon exercise or for registration of transfer or 

exchange shall, if surrendered to any person other than the Rights Agent, 

be delivered to the Rights Agent and, in any case, shall be promptly can- 

celled by the Rights Agent. The Company may at any time deliver to the 

Rights Agent for cancellation any Rights 

<PAGE> 27 

Certificates previously countersigned and delivered hereunder which the 

Company may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Rights 
Certifi- 

cates so delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Rights Agent. No 

Rights Certificates shall be countersigned in lieu of or in exchange for 

any Rights Certificates cancelled as provided in this Section 2.10, 
except 

as expressly permitted by this Agreement. The Rights Agent shall destroy 

all cancelled Rights Certificates and deliver a certificate of 
destruction 

to the Company. 

2.11 Agreement of Rights Holders. Every holder of Rights by 

accepting the same consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights 

Agent and with every other holder of Rights that: 

(a) prior to the Distribution Date, each Right will be 

transferable only together with, and will be transferred by a transfer 
of, 

the associated Common Share; 

(b) after the Distribution Date, the Rights Certificates 
will 

be transferable only on the Rights Register as provided herein; 

(c) prior to due presentment of a Rights Certificate (or, 

prior to the Distribution Date, the associated Common Share certificate) 

for registration of transfer, the Company, the Rights Agent and any agent 

of the Company or the Rights Agent may deem and treat the person in whose 

name the Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, 

<PAGE> 28 

the associated Common Share certificate) is registered as the absolute 

owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced thereby for all purposes 

whatsoever, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be 
affected 

by any notice to the contrary; 

(d) Rights beneficially owned by certain Persons will, under 

the circumstances set forth in Section 3.1(b), become void; and 

(e) this Agreement may be supplemented or amended from time 
to 

time pursuant to Section 2.4(b) or 5.4 hereof. 

ARTICLE III 

ADJUSTMENTS TO THE RIGHTS IN 
THE EVENT OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS 

3.1 Flip-in. (a) In the event that prior to the Final 

Expiration Date a Flip-in Date shall occur, except as provided in this 

Section 3.1, each Right shall constitute the right to purchase from the 

Company, upon exercise thereof in accordance with the terms hereof (but 

subject to Section 5.10), that number of Common Shares having an 
aggregate 

Market Price on the Shares Acquisition Date equal to twice the Purchase 

Price for an amount in cash equal to the Purchase Price (such right to be 

appropriately adjusted in order to protect the interests of the holders 
of 

Rights generally in the event that on or after such Shares Acquisition 
Date 

an event of a type analogous to any of the events described in 

Section 2.4(a) or (b) shall have occurred with respect to the Common 

Shares). 

<PAGE> 29 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Rights that are or 
were 

Beneficially Owned on or after the Shares Acquisition Date by an 
Acquiring 

Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof or by any transferee, direct 
or 

indirect, of any of the foregoing shall become void and any holder of 
such 

Rights (including transferees) shall thereafter have no right to exercise 

or transfer such Rights under any provision of this Agreement. If any 

Rights Certificate is presented for assignment or exercise and the Person 

presenting the same will not complete the certification set forth at the 

end of the form of assignment or notice of election to exercise and 
provide 

such additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner and its 

Affiliates and Associates (or former Beneficial Owners and their 
Affiliates 

and Associates) as the Company shall reasonably request, then the Company 

shall be entitled conclusively to deem the Beneficial Owner thereof to be 

an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof or a transferee 
of 

any of the foregoing and accordingly will deem the Rights evidenced 
thereby 

to be void and not transferable or exercisable. 

(c) The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its 
option, 

at any time after a Flip-in Date and prior to the time that an Acquiring 

Person becomes the Beneficial Owner of more than 50% of the outstanding 

shares of Common Stock, elect to exchange all (but not less than all) the 

then outstanding Rights (which shall not include Rights that 

<PAGE> 30 

have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1(b)) for Common 

Shares at an exchange ratio of one Common Share per Right, appropriately 

adjusted in order to protect the interests of holders of Rights generally 

in the event that after the Distribution Date an event of a type 
analogous 

to any of the events described in Section 2.4(a) or (b) shall have 
occurred 

with respect to the Common Shares (such exchange ratio, as adjusted from 

time to time, being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Ratio"). 

Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the 

Company electing to exchange the Rights, without any further action and 

without any notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and 

each Right (other than Rights that have become void pursuant to Section 

3.1(b)) will thereafter represent only the right to receive a number of 

Common Shares equal to the Exchange Ratio. Promptly after the action of 

the Board of Directors electing to exchange the Rights, the Company shall 

give notice thereof (specifying the steps to be taken to receive Common 

Shares in exchange for Rights) to the Rights Agent and the holders of the 

Rights (other than Rights that have become void pursuant to Section 
3.1(b)) 

outstanding immediately prior thereto by mailing such notice in 
accordance 

with Section 5.9. 

Each Person in whose name any certificate for shares is 
issued 

upon the exchange of Rights pursuant to 

<PAGE> 31 

this Section 3.1(c) or Section 3.1(d) shall for all purposes be deemed to 

have become the holder of record of the shares represented thereby on, 
and 

such certificate shall be dated, the date upon which the Rights 
Certificate 

evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and payment of any applicable 

taxes and other governmental charges payable by the holder was made; 

provided, however, that if the date of such surrender and payment is a 
date 

upon which the stock transfer books of the Company are closed, such 
Person 

shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and 

such certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on 
which 

the stock transfer books of the Company are open. 

(d) Whenever the Company shall become obligated under 

Section 3.1(a) or (c) to issue Common Shares upon exercise of or in 

exchange for Rights, the Company, at its option, may substitute therefor 

Preferred Shares, at a ratio of one one-hundredth of Preferred Share for 

each Common Share so issuable. 

(e) In the event that there shall not be sufficient 
authorized 

but unissued Common Shares or Preferred Shares of the Company to permit 
the 

exercise or exchange in full of the Rights in accordance with 

Section 3.1(a) or (c), the Company shall either (i) call a meeting of 

shareholders seeking approval to cause sufficient additional shares to be 

authorized (provided that if such approval is not obtained 

<PAGE> 32 

the Company will take the action specified in clause (ii) of this 
sentence) 

or (ii) take such action as shall be necessary to ensure and provide, to 

the extent permitted by applicable law and any agreements or instruments 
in 

effect on the Shares Acquisition Date to which it is a party, that each 

Right shall thereafter constitute the right to receive, (x) at the 

Company's option, either (A) in return for the Purchase Price, debt or 

equity securities or other assets (or a combination thereof) having a 
fair 

value equal to twice the Purchase Price, or (B) without payment of 

consideration (except as otherwise required by applicable law), debt or 

equity securities or other assets (or a combination thereof) having a 
fair 

value equal to the Purchase Price, or (y) if the Board of Directors of 
the 

Company elects to exchange the Rights in accordance with Section 3.1(c), 

debt or equity securities or other assets (or a combination thereof) 
having 

a fair value equal to the product of the Market Price of a Common Share 
on 

the Flip-in Date times the Exchange Ratio in effect on the Flip-in Date, 

where in any case set forth in (x) or (y) above the fair value of such 
debt 

or equity securities or other assets shall be as determined in good faith 

by the Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation with a 

nationally recognized investment banking firm. 

3.2 Flip-over. (a) Prior to the Expiration Time, the 
Company 

shall not enter into any agreement with 

<PAGE> 33 

respect to, consummate or permit to occur any Flip-over Transaction or 

Event unless and until it shall have entered into a supplemental 
agreement 

with the Flip-over Entity, for the benefit of the holders of the Rights, 

providing that, upon consummation or occurrence of the Flip-over 

Transaction or Event (i) each Right shall thereafter constitute the right 

to purchase from the Flip-over Entity, upon exercise thereof in 
accordance 

with the terms hereof, that number of shares of Flip-over Stock of the 

Flip-over Entity having an aggregate Market Price on the date of consum- 

mation or occurrence of such Flip-over Transaction or Event equal to 
twice 

the Purchase Price for an amount in cash equal to the Purchase Price 
(such 

right to be appropriately adjusted in order to protect the interests of 
the 

holders of Rights generally in the event that after such date of 
consumma- 

tion or occurrence an event of a type analogous to any of the events 

described in Section 2.4(a) or (b) shall have occurred with respect to 
the 

Flip-over Stock) and (ii) the Flip-over Entity shall thereafter be liable 

for, and shall assume, by virtue of such Flip-over Transaction or Event 
and 

such supplemental agreement, all the obligations and duties of the 
Company 

pursuant to this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 3.2 shall 
apply 

to successive Flip-over Transactions or Events. 

(b) Prior to the Expiration Time, unless the Rights will be 

redeemed pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof in 

<PAGE> 34 

connection therewith, the Company shall not enter into any agreement with 

respect to, consummate or permit to occur any Flip-over Transaction or 

Event if at the time thereof there are any rights, warrants or securities 

outstanding or any other arrangements, agreements or instruments that 
would 

eliminate or otherwise diminish in any material respect the benefits 

intended to be afforded by this Rights Agreement to the holders of Rights 

upon consummation of such transaction. 

ARTICLE IV 

THE RIGHTS AGENT 

4.1 General. (a) The Company hereby appoints the Rights 

Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the terms and 

conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. 

The Company agrees to pay to the Rights Agent reasonable compensation for 

all services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time, on demand 
of 

the Rights Agent, its reasonable expenses and counsel fees and other 

disbursements incurred in the administration and execution of this 

Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder. The 

Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and to hold it 

harmless against, any loss, liability, or expense, incurred without 

negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights 

Agent, for anything done or omitted to be done by the Rights Agent in 

connection with the acceptance 

<PAGE> 35 

and administration of this Agreement, including the costs and expenses of 

defending against any claim of liability. 

(b) The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no 

liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by 
it 

in connection with its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon 

any certificate for securities purchasable upon exercise of Rights, 
Rights 

Certificate, certificate for other securities of the Company, instrument 
of 

assignment or transfer, power of attorney, endorsement, affidavit, 
letter, 

notice, direction, consent, certificate, statement, or other paper or 

document believed by it to be genuine and to be signed, executed and, 
where 

necessary, verified or acknowledged, by the proper person or persons. 

4.2 Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights 
Agent. 

(a) Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights 

Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any 

corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the 
Rights 

Agent or any successor Rights Agent is a party, or any corporation 

succeeding to the shareholder services business of the Rights Agent or 
any 

successor Rights Agent, will be the successor to the Rights Agent under 

this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any 
further 

act on the part of any of the parties hereto, provided that such 

corporation would be eligible for appointment as a successor 

<PAGE> 36 

Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 4.4 hereof. In case at the 

time such successor Rights Agent succeeds to the agency created by this 

Agreement any of the Rights Certificates have been countersigned but not 

delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature 

of the predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such Rights Certificates so 

countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Rights Certificates 
have 

not been countersigned, any successor Rights Agent may countersign such 

Rights Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Rights Agent or 

in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such cases such 

Rights Certificates will have the full force provided in the Rights 

Certificates and in this Agreement. 

(b) In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent is 

changed and at such time any of the Rights Certificates shall have been 

countersigned but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the 

countersignature under its prior name and deliver Rights Certificates so 

countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Rights Certificates 

shall not have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may countersign such 

Rights Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and 
in 

all such cases such Rights Certificates shall have the full force 
provided 

in the Rights Certificates and in this Agreement. 

4.3 Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent undertakes the 

duties and obligations imposed by this Agree- 

<PAGE> 37 

ment upon the following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company 

and the holders of Rights Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, 
shall 

be bound: 

(a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may 

be legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion of such counsel will 
be 

full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as to 

any action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with 
such 

opinion. 

(b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this 

Agreement the Rights Agent deems it necessary or desirable that any fact 
or 

matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or 
suffering 

any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in 
respect 

thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be 
conclusively 

proved and established by a certificate signed by a person believed by 
the 

Rights Agent to be the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive 
Officer, 

or any Vice President and by the Treasurer or the Secretary or any 

Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent; and 

such certificate will be full authorization to the Rights Agent for any 

action taken or suffered in good faith by it under the provisions of this 

Agreement in reliance upon such certificate. 

<PAGE> 38 

(c) The Rights Agent will be liable hereunder only for its 
own 

negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. 

(d) The Rights Agent will not be liable for or by reason of 

any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or 
in 

the certificates for securities purchasable upon exercise of Rights or 
the 

Rights Certificates (except its countersignature thereof) or be required 
to 

verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and will be 

deemed to have been made by the Company only. 

(e) The Rights Agent will not be under any responsibility in 

respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery 

hereof (except the due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by 
the 

Rights Agent) or in respect of the validity or execution of any 
certificate 

for securities purchasable upon exercise of Rights or Rights Certificate 

(except its countersignature thereof); nor will it be responsible for any 

breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this 

Agreement or in any Rights Certificate; nor will it be responsible for 
any 

change in the exercisability of the Rights (including the Rights becoming 

void pursuant to Section 3.1(b) hereof) or any adjustment required under 

the provisions of Section 2.4, 3.1 or 3.2 hereof or responsible for the 

manner, method or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of 
the 

<PAGE> 39 

existence of facts that would require any such adjustment (except with 

respect to the exercise of Rights after receipt of the certificate 

contemplated by Section 2.4 describing any such adjustment); nor will it 
by 

any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to 

the authorization or reservation of any securities purchasable upon 

exercise of Rights or any Rights or as to whether any securities 

purchasable upon exercise of Rights will, when issued, be duly and 
validly 

authorized, executed, issued and delivered and fully paid and nonassess- 

able. 

(f) The Company agrees that it will perform, execute, 

acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged 

and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances 

as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or 

performing by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement. 

(g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to 

accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties 
hereunder 

from any person believed by the Rights Agent to be the Chairman of the 

Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, 
the 

Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Company, and 
to 

apply to such persons for advice or instructions in connection with its 

duties, and it shall not 

<PAGE> 40 

be liable for any action taken or suffered by it in good faith in 

accordance with instructions of any such person. 

(h) The Rights Agent and any shareholder, director, officer 
or 

employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in Common Shares, 
Rights 

or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in 
any 

transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or 

lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though 
it 

were not Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall 
preclude 

the Rights Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for 

any other legal entity. 

(i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the 

rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either 

itself or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent 
will 

not be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or 

misconduct of any such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company 

resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, provided 

reasonable care was exercised in the selection and continued employment 

thereof. 

4.4 Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent may resign and 

be discharged from its duties under this Agreement upon 90 days' notice 
(or 

such lesser notice as is acceptable to the Company) in writing mailed to 

the Company and to each transfer agent of Common Shares by registered or 

<PAGE> 41 

certified mail, and to the holders of the Rights in accordance with 

Section 5.9. The Company may remove the Rights Agent upon 30 days' 
notice 

in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent and to each transfer agent of the 

Common Shares by registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the 

Rights in accordance with Section 5.9. If the Rights Agent should resign 

or be removed or otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company will 

appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the Company fails to make 
such 

appointment within a period of 30 days after such removal or after it has 

been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the 
resigning 

or incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of any Rights (which 
holder 

shall, with such notice, submit such holder's Rights Certificate for 

inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Rights may apply to 
any 

court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Rights 
Agent. 

Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a 

court, shall be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws 

of the United States or of the Commonwealth of Virginia or of any other 

state of the United States, in good standing, having its principal office 

in the Commonwealth of Virginia or such other state, which is authorized 

under such laws to exercise the powers of the Rights Agent contemplated 
by 

this Agreement and is subject to supervision or examination by federal or 

state authority and which has at the time of its 

<PAGE> 42 

appointment as Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus of at least 

$50,000,000. After appointment, the successor Rights Agent will be 
vested 

with the same powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had 
been 

originally named as Rights Agent without further act or deed; but the 

predecessor Rights Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor 
Rights 

Agent any property at the time held by it hereunder, and execute and 

deliver any further assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for the 

purpose. Not later than the effective date of any such appointment, the 

Company will file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Rights 

Agent and each transfer agent of the Common Shares, and mail a notice 

thereof in writing to the holders of the Rights. Failure to give any 

notice provided for in this Section 4.4, however, or any defect therein, 

shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal 
of 

the Rights Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the 

case may be. 

ARTICLE V 

MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1 Redemption (a) The Board of Directors of the Company 

may, at its option, at any time prior to the close of business on the 
Flip- 

in Date, elect to redeem all (but not less than all) the then outstanding 

Rights at the Redemption Price and the Company, at its option, may pay 
the 

Redemption Price either in cash or shares of Common Stock or 

<PAGE> 43 

other securities of the Company deemed by the Board of Directors, in the 

exercise of its sole discretion, to be at least equivalent in value to 
the 

Redemption Price. 

(b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of 

the Company electing to redeem the Rights (or, if the resolution of the 

Board of Directors electing to redeem the Rights states that the 
redemption 

will not be effective until the occurrence of a specified future time or 

event, upon the occurrence of such future time or event), without any 

further action and without any notice, the right to exercise the Rights 

will terminate and each Right will thereafter represent only the right to 

receive the Redemption Price in cash or securities, as determined by the 

Board of Directors. Promptly after the Rights are redeemed, the Company 

shall give notice of such redemption to the Rights Agent and the holders 
of 

the then outstanding Rights by mailing such notice in accordance with 
Sec- 

tion 5.9. 

5.2 Expiration. The Rights and this Agreement shall expire 
at 

the Final Expiration Date and no Person shall have any rights pursuant to 

this Agreement or any Right after the Final Expiration Date, except, if 
the 

Rights are exchanged or redeemed, as provided in Section 3.1(c), 3.2 or 
5.1 

hereof. 

5.3 Issuance of New Rights Certificates. Notwithstanding 
any 

of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary, the 

Company may, at its option, 

<PAGE> 44 

issue new Rights Certificates evidencing Rights in such form as may be 

approved by its Board of Directors to reflect any adjustment or change in 

the number or kind or class of shares of stock purchasable upon exercise 
of 

Rights made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. In 

addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of Common Shares by the 

Company following the Distribution Date and prior to the Redemption Time 
or 

Final Expiration Date pursuant to the terms of securities convertible or 

redeemable into Common Shares or to options, in each case issued or 
granted 

prior to, and outstanding at, the Distribution Date, the Company shall 

issue to the holders of such Common Shares, Rights Certificates 

representing the appropriate number of Rights in connection with the 

issuance or sale of such Common Shares; provided, however, in each case, 

(i) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued, if, and to the extent 
that, 

the Company shall be advised by counsel that such issuance would create a 

significant risk of material adverse tax consequences to the Company or 
to 

the Person to whom such Rights Certificates would be issued, (ii) no such 

Rights Certificates shall be issued if, and to the extent that, 
appropriate 

adjustment shall have otherwise been made in lieu of the issuance 
thereof, 

and (iii) the Company shall have no obligation to distribute Rights 

Certificates to any Acquiring Person or Affiliate or Asso- 

<PAGE> 45 

ciate of an Acquiring Person or any transferee of any of the foregoing. 

5.4 Supplements and Amendments. The Company may from time 
to 

time supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any 
holders 

of Right Certificates in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or 

supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or 

inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any other 

provisions with respect to the Rights which the Company may deem 
necessary 

or desirable, any such supplement or amendment to be evidenced by a 
writing 

signed by the Company and the Rights Agent, provided, however, that from 

and after such time as any person becomes an Acquiring Person, this 

Agreement shall not be amended in any manner which would adversely affect 

the interests of the holders of Rights and provided, further, that the 

threshold percentage in the definition of Acquiring Person shall not be 

lower than 10%. 

5.5 Fractional Shares. If the Company elects not to issue 

certificates representing fractional shares upon exercise or redemption 
of 

Rights, the Company shall, in lieu thereof, in the sole discretion of the 

Board of Directors, either (a) evidence such fractional shares by 

depositary receipts issued pursuant to an appropriate agreement between 
the 

Company and a depositary selected by it, providing that each holder of a 

depositary receipt shall have all of the 

<PAGE> 46 

rights, privileges and preferences to which such holder would be entitled 

as a beneficial owner of such fractional share, or (b) sell such shares 
on 

behalf of the holders of Rights and pay to the registered holder of such 

Rights the appropriate fraction of price per share received upon such 
sale. 

5.6 Rights of Action. Subject to the terms of this 
Agreement 

(including Section 3.1(b)), rights of action in respect of this 
Agreement, 

other than rights of action vested solely in the Rights Agent, are vested 

in the respective holders of the Rights; and any holder of any Rights, 

without the consent of the Rights Agent or of the holder of any other 

Rights, may, on such holder's own behalf and for such holder's own 
benefit 

and the benefit of other holders of Rights, enforce, and may institute 
and 

maintain any suit, action or proceeding against the Company to enforce, 
or 

otherwise act in respect of, such holder's right to exercise such 
holder's 

Rights in the manner provided in such holder's Rights Certificate and in 

this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing or any remedies available 

to the holders of Rights, it is specifically acknowledged that the 
holders 

of Rights would not have an adequate remedy at law for any breach of this 

Agreement and will be entitled to specific performance of the obligations 

under, and injunctive relief against actual or threatened violations of, 

the obligations of any Person subject to this Agreement. 

<PAGE> 47 

5.7 Holder of Rights Not Deemed a Shareholder. No holder, 
as 

such, of any Rights shall be entitled to vote, receive dividends or be 

deemed for any purpose the holder of shares or any other securities which 

may at any time be issuable on the exercise of such Rights, nor shall 

anything contained herein or in any Rights Certificate be construed to 

confer upon the holder of any Rights, as such, any of the rights of a 

shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of 

directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any meeting 

thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to 

receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting shareholders 
(except 

as provided in Section 5.8 hereof), or to receive dividends or 
subscription 

rights, or otherwise, until such Rights shall have been exercised or 

exchanged in accordance with the provisions hereof. 

5.8 Notice of Proposed Actions. In case the Company shall 

propose after the Distribution Date and prior to the Final Expiration 
Date 

(i) to effect or permit occurrence of any Flip-over Transaction or Event 

or (ii) to effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 

Company, then, in each such case, the Company shall give to each holder 
of 

a Right, in accordance with Section 5.9 hereof, a notice of such proposed 

action, which shall specify the date on which such Flip-over Transaction 
or 

Event, liquidation, dissolution, or winding up is to take 

<PAGE> 48 

place, and such notice shall be so given at least 20 Business Days prior 
to 

the date of the taking of such proposed action. 

5.9 Notices. Notices or demands authorized or required by 

this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder 
of 

any Rights to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if 

delivered or sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until 

another address is filed in writing with the Rights Agent) as follows: 

Central Fidelity Banks, Inc. 
1021 East Cary Street 
P.O. Box 27602 
Richmond, Virginia 23261 

Attention: Corporate Secretary 

Any notice or demand authorized or required by this Agreement to be given 

or made by the Company or by the holder of any Rights to or on the Rights 

Agent shall be sufficiently given or made if delivered or sent by first- 

class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in 

writing with the Company) as follows: 

Central Fidelity National Bank 
1021 East Cary Street 
P.O. Box 27602 
Richmond, Virginia 23261 

Attention: Stock Transfer Department 

Notices or demands authorized or required by this Agreement to be given 
or 

made by the Company or the Rights Agent to or on the holder of any Rights 

shall be sufficiently given or 

<PAGE> 49 

made if delivered or sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed 

to such holder at the address of such holder as it appears upon the 

registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the Distribution Date, on 

the registry books of the transfer agent for the Common Shares. Any 
notice 

which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, 

whether or not the holder receives the notice. 

5.10 Suspension of Exercisability. To the extent that the 

Company determines in good faith that some action will or need be taken 

pursuant to Section 3.1 to comply with federal or state securities laws, 

the Company may suspend the exercisability of the Rights for a reasonable 

period in order to take such action or comply with such laws. In the 
event 

of any such suspension, the Company shall issue as promptly as 
practicable 

a public announcement stating that the exercisability or exchangeability 
of 

the Rights has been temporarily suspended. Notice thereof pursuant to 

Section 5.9 shall not be required. 

Failure to give a notice pursuant to the provisions of this 

Agreement shall not affect the validity of any action taken hereunder. 

5.11 Costs of Enforcement. The Company agrees that if the 

Company or any other Person the securities of which are purchasable upon 

exercise of Rights fails to fulfill any of its obligations pursuant to 
this 

Agreement, 

<PAGE> 50 

then the Company or such Person will reimburse the holder of any Rights 
for 

the costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by such holder in 

actions to enforce such holder's rights pursuant to any Rights or this 

Agreement. 

5.12 Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this 

Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall 

bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns 

hereunder. 

5.13 Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement 

shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the 
Rights 

Agent and the holders of the Rights any legal or equitable right, remedy 
or 

claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement shall be for the sole and 

exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent and the holders of the 

Rights. 

5.14 Determination and Actions by the Board of Directors, 
etc. 

The Board of Directors of the Company shall have the exclusive power and 

authority to administer this Agreement and to exercise all rights and 

powers specifically granted to the Board or to the Company, or as may be 

necessary or advisable in the administration of this Agreement, 
including, 

without limitation, the right and power to (i) interpret the provisions 
of 

this Agreement and (ii) make all determinations deemed necessary or 

advisable for the administration of this Agreement. All such actions, 

calculations, interpretations and determinations (including, 

<PAGE> 51 

for purposes of clause (y) below, all omissions with respect to the 

foregoing) which are done or made by the Board in good faith, shall (x) 
be 

final, conclusive and binding on the Company, the Rights Agent, the 
holders 

of the Rights and all other parties, and (y) not subject the Board of 

Directors of the Company to any liability to the holders of the Rights. 

5.15 Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings appear 
herein 

for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or 

construction of any of the provisions hereof. 

5.16 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH RIGHT ISSUED 

HEREUNDER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER THE LAWS OF THE 

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA AND FOR ALL PURPOSES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND 

CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF SUCH COMMONWEALTH APPLICABLE TO 

CONTRACTS TO BE MADE AND PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE. 

5.17 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any 

number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all 
purposes 

be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together 

constitute but one and the same instrument. 

5.18 Severability. If any term or provision hereof or the 

application thereof to any circumstance shall, in any jurisdiction and to 

any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, such term or provision shall be 

ineffective as to 

<PAGE> 52 

such jurisdiction to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability 

without invalidating or rendering unenforceable the remaining terms and 

provisions hereof or the application of such term or provision to 

circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or 

unenforceable. 

<PAGE> 53 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this 

Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS, INC. 

By: /s/ James F. Campbell 
Name: James F. Campbell 
Title: Senior Vice President 
and Controller 

CENTRAL FIDELITY NATIONAL BANK 

By: /s/ William N. Stoyko 
Name: William N. Stoyko 
Title: Secretary 

<PAGE> 1 

EXHIBIT A 

[Form of Rights Certificate] 

Certificate No. W- _______ Rights 

THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION OR 
MANDATORY EXCHANGE, AT THE OPTION OF THE 
COMPANY, ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS 
AGREEMENT. RIGHTS BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY 
ACQUIRING PERSONS OR AFFILIATES OR ASSOCIATES 
THEREOF (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE 
RIGHTS AGREEMENT) OR TRANSFEREES OF ANY OF 
THE FOREGOING WILL BE VOID. 

Rights Certificate 

CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS, INC. 

This certifies that ____________________, or registered 

assigns, is the registered holder of the number of Rights set forth 
above, 

each of which entitles the registered holder thereof, subject to the 
terms, 

provisions and conditions of the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, 

dated as of November 9, 1994 (as amended from time to time, the "Rights 

Agreement"), between Central Fidelity Banks, Inc. a Virginia corporation 

(the "Company"), and Central Fidelity National Bank, a national banking 

association, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent", which term shall 
include 

any successor Rights Agent under the Rights Agreement), to purchase from 

the Company at any time after the Distribution Date (as such term is 

defined in the Rights Agreement) and prior to the close of business on 

November 9, 2004, one one-hundredth of a fully paid share of 1983 
Preferred 

Stock, Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $25 per 

share (the "Preferred Shares"), of the Company (subject 

<PAGE> 2 

to adjustment as provided in the Rights Agreement) at the Purchase Price 

referred to below, upon presentation and surrender of this Rights Certi- 

ficate with the Form of Election to Exercise duly executed at the 
principal 

office of the Rights Agent in Richmond, Virginia. The Purchase Price 
shall 

initially be $110 per Right and shall be subject to adjustment in certain 

events as provided in the Rights Agreement. 

In certain circumstances described in the Rights Agreement, 
the 

Rights evidenced hereby may entitle the registered holder thereof to 

purchase securities of an entity other than the Company or securities or 

assets of the Company other than Preferred Shares, all as provided in the 

Rights Agreement. 

This Rights Certificate is subject to all of the terms, 

provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, 
provisions 

and conditions are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a 
part 

hereof and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full 

description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and 

immunities hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of 

the Rights Certificates. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at 
the 

principal office of the Company and are available without cost upon 
written 

request. 

<PAGE> 3 

This Rights Certificate, with or without other Rights 

Certificates, upon surrender at the office of the Rights Agent designated 

for such purpose, may be exchanged for another Rights Certificate or 
Rights 

Certificates of like tenor evidencing an aggregate number of Rights equal 

to the aggregate number of Rights evidenced by the Rights Certificate or 

Rights Certificates surrendered. If this Rights Certificate shall be 

exercised in part, the registered holder shall be entitled to receive, 
upon 

surrender hereof, another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates for 
the 

number of whole Rights not exercised. 

Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, each Right 

evidenced by this Certificate may be (a) redeemed by the Company under 

certain circumstances, at its option, at a redemption price of $0.01 per 

Right or (b) exchanged by the Company under certain circumstances, at its 

option, for one Common Share or one one-hundredth of Preferred Share per 

Right (or, in certain cases, other securities or assets of the Company), 

subject in each case to adjustment in certain events as provided in the 

Rights Agreement. 

No holder of this Rights Certificate, as such, shall be 

entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the 

holder of any securities which may at any time be issuable on the 
exercise 

hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights Agreement or herein be 

construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any of 

<PAGE> 4 

the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the 

election of directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any 

meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, 
or 

to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting shareholders 

(except as provided in the Rights Agreement), or to receive dividends or 

subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Rights evidenced by this 

Rights Certificate shall have been exercised or exchanged as provided in 

the Rights Agreement. 

This Rights Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for 

any purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent. 

WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the 

Company and its corporate seal. 

Date: ____________ 

ATTEST: CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS, INC. 

___________________________ By______________________ 
Title: Name: 
Title: 

Countersigned: 

CENTRAL FIDELITY NATIONAL BANK, Rights Agent 

By____________________________ 
Authorized Signature 

<PAGE> 1 

[Form of Reverse Side of Rights 
Certificate] 

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT 

(To be executed by the registered holder if such 
holder desires to transfer this Rights Certificate.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED ________________________ hereby 

sells, assigns and transfers unto ___________________ 
(Please print name 
_____________________________________________________ 
and address of transferee) 

this Rights Certificate, together with all right, title and interest 

therein, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint 
_______________ 

Attorney, to transfer the within Rights Certificate on the books of the 

within-named Company, with full power of substitution. 

Dated: _______________, 19__ 

Signature Guaranteed: _________________________ 
Signature 
(Signature must correspond to 
name as written upon the face of 
this Rights Certificate in every 
particular, without alteration or 
enlargement or any change 
whatsoever) 

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a 
registered 
national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or trust company having an 
office or correspondent in the United States. 

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
- ----- 
(To be completed if true) 

<PAGE> 2 

The undersigned hereby represents, for the benefit of all holders of 
Rights 
and shares of Common Stock, that the Rights evidenced by this Rights 
Certificate are not, and, to the knowledge of the undersigned, have never 
been, Beneficially Owned by an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or 
Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement). 

_________________________ 
Signature 

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
- ----- 

NOTICE 

In the event the certification set forth above is not 
completed 
in connection with a purported assignment, the Company will deem the 
Beneficial Owner of the Rights evidenced by the enclosed Rights 
Certificate 
to be an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as 
defined 
in the Rights Agreement) or a transferee of any of the foregoing and 
accordingly will deem the Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate to 
be 
void and not transferable or exercisable. 

<PAGE> 1 

[To be attached to each Rights 
Certificate] 

FORM OF ELECTION TO EXERCISE 

(To be executed if holder desires to 
exercise the Rights Certificate.) 

TO: CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS, INC. 

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise 

_______________________ whole Rights represented by the attached Rights 

Certificate to purchase the shares of Series A Junior Participating 

Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Rights and requests 
that 

certificates for such shares be issued in the name of: 

___________________________________ 
Address: 
___________________________________ 
Social Security or Other Taxpayer 
Identification Number: 

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this 

Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate for the balance of such 
Rights 

shall be registered in the name of and delivered to: 

___________________________________ 
Address: 
___________________________________ 
Social Security or Other Taxpayer 
Identification Number: 

Dated: _______________, 19__ 

Signature Guaranteed: _________________________ 
Signature 
(Signature must correspond to 
name as written upon the face of 
the attached Rights Certificate 
in every particular, without 
alteration or enlargement or 
any change whatsoever) 
<PAGE> 2 

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a 
registered 
national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or trust company having an 
office or correspondent in the United States. 

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
- ----- 
(To be completed if true) 

The undersigned hereby represents, for the benefit of all 
holders of Rights and shares of Common Stock, that the Rights evidenced 
by 
the attached Rights Certificate are not, and, to the knowledge of the 
undersigned, have never been, Beneficially Owned by an Acquiring Person 
or 
an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement). 

_________________________ 
Signature 

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
- ----- 

NOTICE 

In the event the certification set forth above is not 
completed 
in connection with a purported exercise, the Company will deem the 
Beneficial Owner of the Rights evidenced by the attached Rights 
Certificate 
to be an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as 
defined 
in the Rights Agreement) or a transferee of any of the foregoing and 
accordingly will deem the Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate to 
be 
void and not transferable or exercisable. 

<PAGE> 1 

EXHIBIT 
B 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT 
TO 
THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS, INC. 

1. The name of the corporation is Central Fidelity Banks, Inc., 
a 
Virginia corporation (the "Corporation"). 

2. Article III of the Articles of Incorporation of the 
Corporation, as amended and restated to date, is hereby amended by 
inserting at the end thereof a new provision establishing the designation 
of a portion of the Corporation's 1983 Preferred Stock as Series A Junior 
Participating Preferred Stock of the 1983 Preferred Stock with such 
preferences, voting powers and relative, participating and other rights 
and 
preferences as hereinafter set forth: 

Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the 1983 
Preferred Stock: 

(i) The distinctive serial designation of this series 
shall be "Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock" 
(hereinafter called "this Series"). Each share of this 
Series 
shall be identical in all respects with the other shares of 
this Series except as to the dates from and after which divi- 
dends thereon shall be cumulative. 

(ii) The number of shares in this Series shall initially 
be 
_______, which number may from time to time be increased or 
decreased (but not below the number then outstanding) by the 
Board of Directors. Shares of this Series purchased by the 
Corporation shall be cancelled and shall revert to authorized 
but unissued shares of Preferred Stock undesignated as to 
series. Shares of this Series may be issued in fractional 
shares, which fractional shares shall entitle the holder, in 
proportion to such holder's fractional share, to all rights 
of 
a holder of a whole share of this Series. 

(iii) The holders of full or fractional shares of this 
Series shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared 
by the Board of Directors, but only out of funds legally 
avail- 
able therefor, dividends, (A) on each date that dividends or 

<PAGE> 2 

other distributions (other than dividends or distributions 
payable 
in Common Stock of the Corporation) are payable on or in 
respect 
of Common Stock comprising part of the Reference Package (as 
defined below), in an amount per whole share of this Series 
equal 
to the aggregate amount of dividends or other distributions 
(other 
than dividends or distributions payable in Common Stock of 
the 
Corporation) that would be payable on such date to a holder 
of the 
Reference Package and (B) on the last day of March, June, 
September 
and December in each year, in an amount per whole share of 
this 
Series equal to the excess (if any) of $____* over the 
aggregate 
dividends paid per whole share of this Series during the 
three 
month period ending on such last day. Each such dividend 
shall be 
paid to the holders of record of shares of this Series on the 
date, 
not exceeding seventy days preceding such dividend or 
distribution 
payment date, fixed for the purpose by the Board of Directors 
in 
advance of payment of each particular dividend or 
distribution. 
Dividends on each full and each fractional share of this 
Series 
shall be cumulative from the date such full or fractional 
share is 
originally issued; provided that any such full or fractional 
share 
originally issued after a dividend record date and on or 
prior to 
the dividend payment date to which such record date relates 
shall 
not be entitled to receive the dividend payable on such 
dividend 
payment date or any amount in respect of the period from such 
original issuance to such dividend payment date. Accrued but 
unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. 

The term "Reference Package" shall initially mean 
100 shares of Common Stock, par value $5.00 per share 
("Common 
Stock"), of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation 
shall at any time after the close of business on ________, 
19__** (A) declare or pay a dividend 

* Insert an amount equal to 1/4 of the Purchase Price 
(i.e., a guaranteed 1% dividend). [To be completed 
when Certificate of Designation is filed]. 

** For a certificate of designation relating to shares to 
be issued pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Rights Agree- 
ment, insert the Distribution Date. For a certificate 
of designation relating to shares to be issued pursuant 
to Section 3.1(d) of the Rights Agreement, insert the 
Flip-in Date. [To be completed when Certificate of 
Designation is filed] 

<PAGE> 3 

on any Common Stock payable in Common Stock, (B) subdivide 
any 
Common Stock or (C) combine any Common Stock into a smaller 
number of shares, then and in each such case the Reference 
Package after such event shall be the Common Stock that a 
holder 
of the Reference Package immediately prior to such event 
would 
hold thereafter as a result thereof. 

Holders of shares of this Series shall not be entitled 
to 
any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in 
excess of full cumulative dividends, as herein provided on 
this 
Series. 

So long as any shares of this Series are out- 
standing, no dividend (other than a dividend in Common Stock 
or 
in any other stock ranking junior to this Series as to 
dividends and upon liquidation) shall be declared or paid or 
set aside for payment or other distribution declared or made 
upon the Common Stock or upon any other stock ranking junior 
to 
this Series as to dividends or upon liquidation, nor shall 
any 
Common Stock nor any other stock of the Corporation ranking 
junior to or on a parity with this Series as to dividends or 
upon liquidation be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired 
for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made 
available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any shares 
of any such stock) by the Corporation (except by conversion 
into or exchange for stock of the Corporation ranking junior 
to 
this Series as to dividends and upon liquidation), unless, in 
each case, the full cumulative dividends (including the 
dividend to be due upon payment of such dividend, 
distribution, 
redemption, purchase or other acquisition) on all outstanding 
shares of this Series shall have been, or shall contempora- 
neously be, paid. 

(iv) In the event of any merger, consolidation, reclassi- 
fication or other transaction in which the shares of Common 
Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or 
securities, cash 

<PAGE> 4 

and/or any other property, then in any such case the shares 
of 
this Series shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or 
changed in an amount per whole share equal to the aggregate 
amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property 
(payable in kind), as the case may be, that a holder of the 
Reference Package would be entitled to receive as a result of 
such transaction. 

(v) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether 
voluntary 
or involuntary, the holders of full and fractional shares of 
this Series shall be entitled, before any distribution or 
payment is made on any date to the holders of the Common 
Stock 
or any other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to this 
Series upon liquidation, to be paid in full an amount per 
whole 
share of this Series equal to the greater of (A) $__________* 
or (B) the aggregate amount distributed or to be distributed 
prior to such date in connection with such liquidation, 
disso- 
lution or winding up to a holder of the Reference Package 
(such 
greater amount being hereinafter referred to as the 
"Liquidation Preference"), together with accrued dividends to 
such distribution or payment date, whether or not earned or 
declared. If such payment shall have been made in full to 
all 
holders of shares of this Series, the holders of shares of 
this 
Series as such shall have no right or claim to any of the 
remaining assets of the Corporation. 

In the event the assets of the Corporation avail- 
able for distribution to the holders of shares of this Series 
upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, shall be 
insufficient to pay in full all amounts to which such holders 
are entitled pursuant to the first paragraph of this 
Section (v), no such distribution shall be made on account of 
any shares of any other class or series of Preferred Stock 
ranking on a parity with the shares of this Series upon such 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up unless proportionate 
distributive amounts shall be 

* Insert an amount equal to 100 times the Purchase Price 
in effect as of the Distribution Date. [To be 
completed when a Certificate of Designation is filed.] 

<PAGE> 5 

paid on account of the shares of this Series, ratably in 
proportion to the full distributable amounts for which 
holders 
of all such parity shares are respectively entitled upon such 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up 
of 
the Corporation, the holders of shares of this Series then 
outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of assets of the 
Corporation available for distribution to its shareholders 
all 
amounts to which such holders are entitled pursuant to the 
first paragraph of this Section (v) before any payment shall 
be 
made to the holders of Common Stock or any other stock of the 
Corporation ranking junior upon liquidation to this Series. 

For the purposes of this Section (v), the 
consoli- 
dation or merger of, or binding share exchange by, the 
Corpora- 
tion with any other corporation shall not be deemed to 
constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 
Corporation. 

(vi) The shares of this Series shall not be redeemable. 

(vii) In addition to any other vote or consent of share- 
holders required by law or by the Restated Articles of 
Incorporation, as amended, of the Corporation, each whole 
share 
of this Series shall, on any matter, vote as a class with any 
other capital stock comprising part of the Reference Package 
and voting on such matter and shall have the number of votes 
thereon that a holder of the Reference Package would have. 

3. The Board of Directors of the Corporation, at a meeting duly 
called and held, in accordance with Section 13.1-684 of the Code of 
Virginia, as amended, on ________, 19__, adopted the foregoing amendment 
to 
the Articles of Incorporation (the "Amendment") in accordance with 
Section 
13.1-639 of the Code of Virginia. 

4. No shareholder action on the Amendment is required. 

<PAGE> 6 

These Articles of Amendment are executed in the name of the 
Corporation by its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who declares 
under 
the penalties of perjury that the facts stated herein are true. 

CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS, INC. 

Date: _______________, 19__ By: __________________________ 
Lewis N. Miller, Jr. 
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer 

<PAGE> 1 

Immediately 

William N. Stoyko 
Corporate Executive Officer 
(804) 697-7145 

November 10, 1994 

CENTRAL FIDELITY BANKS, INC. AMENDS RIGHTS PLAN 

Richmond, VA -- The Board of Directors of Central Fidelity Banks, Inc. 
(NASDAQ-CFBS) yesterday amended its Rights Agreement, first adopted in 
1989. The amendments were the result of a routine review and updating of 
individual provisions of the Rights Agreement. The threshold at which an 
acquiring person will "trigger" the rights was lowered from 20% to 10% 
and provisions were eliminated which made the plan inapplicable to cash 
tender offers resulting in a person owning 80% of the outstanding stock 
and which required redemption of the rights following a shareholder vote 
if an offer for cash meeting criteria were made. 

William N. Stoyko, Corporate Executive Officer, Central Fidelity Banks, 
Inc., stated, "These changes were made to conform our Rights Agreement to 
the vast majority of such plans by eliminating the two cash offer 
exceptions. In addition, the lower threshold, which is consistent with 
the Virginia Affiliated Transactions Act, is intended to prevent control 
from passing to one or more shareholders without fair consideration being 
paid to all our shareholders." 

A letter to shareholders regarding the amended Rights Agreement and a 
summary of certain terms of the amended Rights Agreement will be mailed 
to shareholders shortly. 

Central Fidelity is a publicly held company whose shares are traded on 
the national over-the-counter market and quoted through NASDAQ under the 
symbol CFBS. Central Fidelity Banks, Inc. is a Richmond, Virginia based 
bank holding company with approximately $9.9 billion in assets at 
September 30, 1994 and 230 offices throughout the Commonwealth of 
Virginia.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>