<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000899140-94-000123.txt : 19941116
<IMS-HEADER>0000899140-94-000123.hdr.sgml : 19941116
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000899140-94-000123
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941114
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MUELLER INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000089439
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3312
		IRS NUMBER:				250790410
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06770
		FILM NUMBER:		94559478

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2959 NORTH ROCK ROAD
		CITY:			WICHITA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			67226-1191
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3166366300

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SHARON STEEL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910103
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>11/14/94 MUELLER 8K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>1

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
November 10, 1994

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-569 25-0790410
(State or other (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer
jurisdiction Identification No.)
incorporation)

2959 North Rock Road, Wichita, Kansas 67226-1191
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(316) 636-6300
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

<PAGE>2

Item 5. Other Events.

On November 10, 1994, the Board of Directors of Mueller Industries, Inc.
(the "Company") adopted amendments to the by-laws of the Company implementing
notice procedures for stockholder proposals and for nominations for election
of directors to be considered at annual or special meetings. These procedures
assure that notices will be timely and in writing.

The amended by-laws provide that for business (other than election of
directors) to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder,
written notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal
executive offices of the Company not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days
prior to the meeting. The stockholder's written notice must contain a brief
description of the proposal and reasons for conducting such business at the
annual meeting, the stockholder's name and address (as they appear on the
corporation's books), the class and number of shares beneficially owned by the
stockholder, and any material interest of the stockholder in such business.
In the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30
days or delayed by more than 60 days from such anniversary date, notice by the
stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of
business on the later of the 60th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th
day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting
is first made.

Stockholder nominations for the election of directors are governed by
similar provisions as to timeliness of written notice. The notice must set
forth as to each proposed nominee information, including name, age, business
address, principal occupation, shares beneficially owned and other information
required in proxy solicitations pursuant to Regulating 14A under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, the nomination notice must
include the nominating stockholder's name and address (as they appear on the
corporation's books) and the class and the number of shares of the corporation
beneficially owned by the stockholder.

In the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of
Directors is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the
nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of
Directors made by the Company at least 70 days prior to the first anniversary
of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice shall be
considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions
created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the
Company at the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the
close of business on

<PAGE>3

the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made
by the Company.

Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made
at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected
pursuant to the Company's notice of meeting (a) by or at the direction of the
Board of Directors or (b) by any stockholder who is entitled to vote at the
meeting, who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in the third
preceding paragraph and who was a stockholder of record at the time such
notice was delivered to the Company. Nomination by stockholders of persons
for election to the Board of Directors may be made at such a special meeting
of stockholders if the stockholder's notice shall have been delivered to the
Secretary of the Company at the principal executive offices of the Company not
earlier than the 90th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the
close of business on the later of the 60th day prior to such special meeting
or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made
of the date of the special meeting.

The amended by-laws further provide that in the event the timely written
notice requirements have not been complied with, the chairman of the meeting
is empowered to preclude transaction of the business proposed or disregard the
nomination.

On November 10, 1994, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a
dividend distribution of one preferred share purchase right (a "Right") for
each outstanding share of common stock, par value $.01 per share ("Common
Stock"), of the Company. The dividend is payable to the stockholders of
record on November 21, 1994 (the "Record Date") and with respect to the Common
Stock issued thereafter until the Distribution Date (as defined below) and, in
certain circumstances, with respect to the Common Stock issued after the
Distribution Date. Except as set forth below, each Right, when it becomes
exercisable, entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company a
unit consisting of one one-thousandth (1/1000th) of a share (a "Unit") of
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the
"Preferred Stock"), of the Company, at a purchase price of $160 per Unit,
subject to adjustment (the "Purchase Price"). The description and terms of
the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement"), dated
as of November 10, 1994, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company, as Rights Agent.

Initially, the Rights will be attached to all certificates representing
shares of Common Stock then outstanding, and no separate Rights Certificates
will be distributed. The Rights will separate from the Common Stock and a
Distribution Date will occur upon the earlier of (i) ten days following a
public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated

<PAGE>4

persons (an "Acquiring Person") has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or
more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "Stock Acquisition Date"),
or (ii) ten business days (or such later date as may be determined by action
of the Board of Directors, with the concurrence of a majority of the
Continuing Directors (as defined below)) following the commencement of a
tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group
beneficially owning 15% or more of such outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
"Continuing Directors" are (i) directors who are not an Acquiring Person, an
associate or affiliate of an Acquiring Person or a representative or nominee
of an Acquiring Person and who are directors of the Company on the date the
Rights Plan is executed, and (ii) those who subsequently become directors who
are not an Acquiring Person, if such person's nomination or election to the
Board of Directors is recommended by a majority of the Continuing Directors. 

Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will be evidenced by the
Common Stock certificates and will be transferred with and only with the
Common Stock, (ii) new Common Stock certificates issued after the Record Date
will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference, and
(iii) the surrender for transfer of any certificates for Common Stock
outstanding will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with
the Common Stock represented by such certificate.

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will
expire at the close of business on November 10, 2004, unless earlier redeemed
by the Company as described below.

As soon as practicable following the Distribution Date, separate
certificates evidencing the Rights ("Rights Certificates") will be mailed to
holders of record of the Common Stock as of the close of business on the
Distribution Date and, thereafter, the separate Rights Certificates alone will
represent the Rights. Except in certain circumstances specified in the Rights
Agreement or as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, only shares of
Common Stock issued prior to the Distribution Date will be issued with Rights.

Each share of Preferred Stock will be entitled to a minimum preferential
quarterly dividend payment of $10 per share but will be entitled to an
aggregate dividend of 1,000 times the dividend declared per share of Common
Stock. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the Preferred Stock will
be entitled to a minimum preferential liquidation payment of $1,000 per share
but will be entitled to an aggregate payment (after certain payments to the
holders of Common Stock) of 1,000 times the payment made per share of Common
Stock. Each share of Preferred Stock will have 1,000 votes, voting together
with the Common Stock. In the event of any merger, consolidation or other
transaction in which Common Stock is exchanged, each share of Preferred Stock
will be 

<PAGE>5

entitled to receive 1,000 times the amount received per share of Common Stock. 
The Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of the Company at any time,
in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 1,000 times the current
per share market price of the Common Stock.

Because of the nature of the Preferred Stock's dividend, liquidation and
voting rights, the value of the one one-thousandth interest in a share of
Preferred Stock purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate the
value of one share of Common Stock.

In the event that any person becomes an Acquiring Person (except pursuant
to an offer for all outstanding shares of Common Stock at a price and on terms
which a majority of each of the Continuing Directors and independent directors
determine to be fair to and otherwise in the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders), the Rights will entitle each holder to receive, upon
exercise of the Right, the number of shares of Common Stock (or in certain
circumstances, cash, property or other securities of the Company) having a
value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. However, Rights are
not exercisable following the occurrence of any of the events set forth above
until such time as the Rights are no longer redeemable by the Company as set
forth below.

For example, at an exercise price of $160 per Right, following an event
set forth in the preceding paragraph, each Right not owned by an Acquiring
Person (or by certain related parties) would entitle its holder to purchase
$320 worth of Common Stock (or other consideration, as noted above) for $160. 
Assuming that the Common Stock had a per share value of $32 at such time, the
holder of each valid Right would be entitled to purchase ten (10) shares of
Common Stock for $160.

In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date, (i)
the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction
in which the Company is not the surviving corporation or its Common Stock is
changed or exchanged, or (ii) 50% or more of the Company's assets or earning
power is sold or transferred, each holder of a Right (except Rights which
previously have been voided as set forth below) shall thereafter have the
right to receive, upon exercise, common stock of the acquiring company having
a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. The events set
forth in this paragraph and in the second preceding paragraph are referred to
as the "Triggering Events."

Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the occurrence of a Triggering
Event, any Rights that are or were at any time beneficially owned by an
Acquiring Person (or any affiliate or associate of an Acquiring Person) will
be null and void and 

<PAGE>6

nontransferable and any holder of any such Right (including any purported
transferee or subsequent holder) will be unable to exercise or transfer any
such Right.

The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Units of Preferred Stock or
other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject
to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a
stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the
Preferred Stock, (ii) if holders of the Preferred Stock are granted certain
rights or warrants to subscribe for Preferred Stock or convertible securities
at less than the current market price of the Preferred Stock, or (iii) upon
the distribution to holders of the Preferred Stock of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly cash dividends) or of
subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above). 

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be
required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the Purchase
Price. No fractional Units will be issued and, in lieu thereof, an adjustment
in cash will be made based on the market price of the Preferred Stock on the
last trading date prior to the date of exercise.

Other than those provisions relating to the principal economic terms of
the Rights, any of the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by
the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the Distribution Date. After
the Distribution Date, the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended
by the Board of Directors (with the concurrence of a majority of the
Continuing Directors, if adopted following the Stock Acquisition Date) in
order to cure any ambiguity, to make changes which do not adversely affect the
interests of holders of Rights (other than an Acquiring Person or its
associates or affiliates) or to shorten or lengthen any time period under the
Rights Agreement; provided, however, that no amendment to adjust the time
period governing redemption shall be made at such time as the Rights are not
redeemable.

At any time until ten days (or such later date as determined by action of
the Board of Directors with the concurrence of a majority of the Continuing
Directors) following the Stock Acquisition Date, the Company may redeem the
Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $.01 per Right (the
"Redemption Price"), payable in cash, Common Stock or any other form of
consideration deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors. Immediately upon
the action of the Board of Directors ordering redemption of the Rights, the
Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to
receive the Redemption Price.

<PAGE>7

Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no
rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the
right to vote or to receive dividends. While the distribution of the Rights
will not be taxable to stockholders or to the Company, stockholders may,
depending upon the circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that
the Rights become exercisable for Common Stock (or other consideration) of the
Company or for common stock of the acquiring company as set forth above.

Each share of Common Stock outstanding at the close of business on
November 21, 1994 will receive one Right. As long as the Rights are attached
to the Common Stock, the Company will issue one Right for each new share of
Common Stock so that all such shares will have attached Rights. 15,000 shares
of Preferred Stock have been reserved for issuance upon exercise of the
Rights. 

The Rights have certain anti-takeover effects. The Rights will cause
substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire the Company
without conditioning the offer on a substantial number of Rights being
acquired. The Rights should not interfere with any merger or other business
combination approved by each of the Board of Directors and the Continuing
Directors since the Board of Directors may (with the concurrence of the
Continuing Directors), at its option, at any time until ten days (or such
later date as may be determined by action of the Board of Directors with the
concurrence of a majority of the Continuing Directors) following the Stock
Acquisition Date redeem all but not less than all the then outstanding Rights
at the Redemption Price.

The Rights Agreement between the Company and the Rights Agent specifying
the terms of the Rights, which includes as Exhibit B the Form of Rights
Certificate, is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by
reference. The foregoing description of the Rights does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such Exhibits.

<PAGE>8

Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.

(a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired: None

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information: None

(c) Exhibits:

3(ii) Restated By-Laws dated November 10, 1994.

99.1 Rights Agreement, dated as of November 10, 1994, between
Mueller Industries, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which includes the Form of
Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Mueller
Industries, Inc., as Exhibit A, the Form of Rights
Certificate, as Exhibit B, and the Summary of Rights to
Purchase Preferred Stock, as Exhibit C. 

99.2 Press Release issued November 11, 1994.

<PAGE>9

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC.

Date: November 14, 1994 By: /s/ William H. Hensley 
Name: William H. Hensley
Title: Vice President,
General Counsel
and Secretary

<PAGE>10

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit
Number Description Page

3(ii) Restated By-Laws dated
November 10, 1994;

99.1 Rights Agreement, dated as of November 10, 1994,
between Mueller Industries, Inc. and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which
includes the Form of Certificate of Designation,
Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock of Mueller Industries,
Inc., as Exhibit A, the Form of Rights Certificate, as
Exhibit B, and the Summary of Rights to Purchase
Preferred Stock, as Exhibit C. 

99.2 Press Release issued 
November 11, 1994.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>BY-LAWS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>1

BY-LAWS

OF

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC.

(RESTATED AS OF NOVEMBER 10, 1994)

ARTICLE I

Offices

The registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Dover,
County of Kent, State of Delaware. The Corporation also may have offices at
such other places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of
Directors determines from time to time or the business of the Corporation
requires.

ARTICLE II

Meetings of Stockholders

Section 1. Place of Meetings, etc. Except as otherwise provided in
these By-laws, all meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such dates,
times and places, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be
determined by a majority of the Entire Board of Directors (as hereinafter
defined) and as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in waivers of
notice thereof. If the place of any meeting is not so fixed, it shall be held
at the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware.

<PAGE>2

Section 2. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of stockholders for the
election of directors and the transaction of such other business as properly
may be brought before the meeting shall be held on such date after the close
of the Corporation's fiscal year, as a majority of the Entire Board of
Directors may from time to time determine.
Section 3. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders, for
any purpose or purposes, may be called by the Chairman or the President and
shall be called by the Chairman upon the written request of a majority of the
Entire Board of Directors. The request shall state the date, time, place and
purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.
Section 4. Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise required or
permitted by law, whenever the stockholders are required or permitted to take
any action at a meeting, written notice thereof shall be given, stating the
place, date and time of the meeting and, unless it is the annual meeting, by
or at whose direction it is being issued. The notice also shall designate the
place where the stockholders' list is available for examination, unless the
list is kept at the place where the meeting is to be held. Notice of a
special meeting also shall state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting
is called. A copy of the notice of any meeting shall be delivered personally
or shall be mailed, not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days
before the date of the meeting, to each stockholder or 

<PAGE>3

record entitled to vote at the meeting. If mailed, the notice shall be given
when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and shall be
directed to each stockholder at his address as it appears on the record of
stockholders, unless he shall have filed with the Secretary of the Corporation
a written request that notices to him be mailed to some other address, in
which case it shall be directed to him at the other address. Notice of any
meeting of stockholders shall not be required to be given to any stockholder
who shall attend the meeting, except for the express purpose of objecting at
the beginning thereof to the transaction of any business because the meeting
is not lawfully called or convened, or who shall submit, either before or
after the meeting, a signed waiver of notice. Unless the Board of Directors,
after the adjournment, shall fix a new record date for an adjourned meeting or
unless the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, notice of an
adjourned meeting need not be given if the place, date and time to which the
meeting shall be adjourned is announced at the meeting at which the
adjournment is taken.
Section 5. Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, at all meetings of
stockholders the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the
Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting shall be present in person or by
proxy in order to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.

<PAGE>4

Section 6. Voting. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Corporation, at any meeting of the stockholders every
stockholder of record having the right to vote thereat shall be entitled to
one vote for every share of stock standing in his name as of the record date
and entitling him to so vote. A stockholder may vote in person or by proxy. 
Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation, any corporate action to be taken by a vote of the
stockholders, other than the election of directors, shall be authorized by not
less than a majority of the votes cast at a meeting by the stockholders
present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon. Directors shall
be elected as provided in Section 2 of Article III of these By-laws. Written
ballots shall not be required for voting on any matter unless ordered by the
Chairman of the meeting.
Section 7. Proxies. Every proxy shall be executed in writing by the
stockholder or by his attorney-in-fact.
Section 8. List of Stockholders. At least ten (10) days before every
meeting of stockholders, a list of the stockholders (including their
addresses) entitled to vote at the meeting and their record holdings as of the
record date shall be open for examination by any stockholder, during ordinary
business hours, at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held,
which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not 

<PAGE>5

so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list also
shall be kept at and throughout the meeting.
Section 9. Conduct of Meetings. At each meeting of the stockholders,
the Chairman of the Board of Directors along with the President, or either of
them acting individually in the event of the absence of the President or
Chairman or, in their absence, one of the Vice Chairman, if any, shall act as
Chairmen or Chairman of the meeting. The Secretary or, in his absence, any
person appointed by the Chairmen or Chairman of the meeting shall act as
Secretary of the meeting and shall keep the minutes thereof. The order of
business at all meetings of the stockholders shall be as determined by the
Chairmen or Chairman of the meeting.
Section 10. Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Unless
otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, any
action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may
be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a
consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed, in
person or by proxy, by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than
the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take the
action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present
and voted in person or by proxy. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate
action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be 

<PAGE>6

given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing, but who were
entitled to vote on the matter.
Section 11. Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations. 
(A) Annual Meetings of Stockholders. (1) Nominations of persons
for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of business to be
considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of
stockholders (a) pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting delivered
pursuant to Article II, Section 4 of these By-Laws, (b) by or at the direction
of the Board of Directors or (c) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is
entitled to vote at the meeting, who has complied with the notice procedures
set forth in clauses (2) and (3) of this paragraph (A) and the other
requirements of this Section 11 and who was a stockholder of record at the
time such notice was delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation.
(2) For nominations or other business to be properly brought
before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (c) of paragraph
(A)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice
thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a
stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at
the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than sixty (60)
days nor more than ninety (90) days prior to the first anniversary of the
preceding year's annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the
date of 

<PAGE>7

the annual meeting is advanced by more than thirty (30) days or delayed by
more than sixty (60) days from such anniversary date, notice by the
stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the ninetieth
(90) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business
on the later of the sixtieth (60) day prior to such annual meeting or the
tenth (10) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of
such meeting is first made. Such stockholder's notice shall set forth (a) as
to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or
reelection as a director all information relating to such person that is
required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of
directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") (including such
person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee
and to serving as a director if elected), or any successor rule or regulation;
(b) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the
meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the
meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any
material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial
owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (c) as to the
stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose
behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and 

<PAGE>8

address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's books, and of
such beneficial owner and (ii) the class and number of shares of the
Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and
such beneficial owner.
(3) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of
paragraph (A)(2) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the
number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and
there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or
specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the
Corporation at least seventy (70) days prior to the first anniversary of the
preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this
Section 11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees
for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to
the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the
Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10) day
following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the
Corporation.
(B) Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be
conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought
before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting pursuant to
Article II, Section 3 of these By-Laws. Nominations of persons for election
to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of 

<PAGE>9

stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the
Corporation's notice of meeting (a) by or at the direction of the Board of
Directors or (b) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote
at the meeting, who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this
Section 11 and who was a stockholder of record at the time such notice was
delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation. Nomination by stockholders of
persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at such a special
meeting of stockholders if the stockholder's notice required by paragraph
(A)(2) of this Section 11 shall have been delivered to the Secretary at the
principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the ninetieth
(90) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of
business on the later of the sixtieth (60) day prior to such special meeting
or the tenth (10) day following the day on which public announcement is first
made of the date of the special meeting.
(C) General. (1) Only persons who are nominated in accordance
with the procedures set forth in this Section 11 shall be eligible to serve as
directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of
stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with
the procedures set forth in this Section 11. Except as otherwise provided by
law, the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or these By-Laws, the
chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to 

<PAGE>10

determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before
the meeting was made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this
Section 11 and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance
with this Section 11, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination
shall be disregarded.
(2) For purposes of this by-Law, "public announcement" shall
mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service,
Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly
filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant
to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
(3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section
11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the
matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be
deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals
in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange
Act.

<PAGE>11

ARTICLE III

Board of Directors

Section 1. Number of Board Members. The Board of Directors shall
consist of one (1) or more members. Until such time as the Board of Directors
determines otherwise, the number of directors shall be nine (9). The number
of directors may be reduced or increased from time to time by resolution of a
majority of the Entire Board of Directors, but no decrease may shorten the
term of an incumbent director. When used in these By-laws, the phrase "Entire
Board of Directors" means the total number of directors which the Corporation
would have if there were no vacancies.
Section 2. Election and Term. Except as otherwise provided by law or by
these By-laws, the directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the
stockholders and the persons receiving a plurality of the votes cast shall be
so elected. Subject to his earlier death, resignation or removal as provided
in Section 3 of this Article III, each director shall hold office until his
successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified.
Section 3. Removal. A director may be removed, but only with cause, by
action of a majority of the Entire Board of Directors or the stockholders.
Section 4. Resignations. Any director may resign at any time by giving
written notice of his resignation to the Corporation. A resignation shall
take effect at the time 

<PAGE>12

specified therein or, if the time when it shall become effective shall not be
specified therein, immediately upon its receipt, and, unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective.
Section 5. Vacancies. Any vacancy in the Board of Directors arising
from an increase in the number of directors or otherwise may be filled by the
vote of a majority of the remaining directors on the Board of Directors. 
Subject to his earlier death, resignation or removal as provided in Section 3
of this Article III, each director so elected shall hold office until his
successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified or for the
unexpired term of his predecessor, as the case may be.
Section 6. Place of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided in these By-
laws, all meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such places,
within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors determines
from time to time.
Section 7. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the Board of Directors
shall be held either (a) without notice immediately after the annual meeting
of stockholders and in the same place, or (b) as soon as practicable after the
annual meeting of stockholders on such date and at such time and place as the
Board of Directors determines.
Section 8. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors
shall be held on such dates and at such places and 

<PAGE>13

times as the Board of Directors determines. Notice of regular meetings need
not be given, except as otherwise required by law.
Section 9. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors
may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President of
the Corporation and shall be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
the President or the Secretary upon the written request of a majority of the
Entire Board of Directors. The request shall state the date, time, place and
purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.
Section 10. Notice of Meetings. Notice of each special meeting of the
Board of Directors (and of each annual meeting held pursuant to subdivision
(b) of Section 7 of this Article III) shall be given, not later than 48 hours
before the meeting is scheduled to commence, by the Chairman of the Board of
Directors, the President or the Secretary and shall state the place, date and
time of the meeting. Notice of each meeting may be delivered to a director by
hand or given to a director orally (whether by telephone or in person) or
mailed or telegraphed to a director at his residence or usual place of
business, provided, however, that if notice of less than 72 hours is given it
may not be mailed. If mailed, the notice shall be deemed to have been given
when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and if telegraphed,
the notice shall be deemed to have been given when the contents of the
telegram are transmitted to the telegraph service with instructions that the
telegram immediately 

<PAGE>14

be dispatched. Notice of any meeting need not be given to any director who
shall submit, either before or after the meeting, a signed waiver of notice or
who shall attend the meeting, except if such director shall attend for the
express purpose of objecting at the beginning thereof to the transaction of
any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Notice
of any adjourned meeting, including the place, date and time of the new
meeting, shall be given to all directors not present at the time of the
adjournment, as well as to the other directors unless the place, date and time
of the new meeting is announced at the adjourned meeting.
Section 11. Quorum. A majority of the Entire Board of Directors shall
constitute a quorum and be sufficient for the transaction of business, and any
act of a majority of the Entire Board of Directors at which a quorum is
present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.
Section 12. Conduct of Meetings. At each meeting of the Board of
Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors along with the President, or
either of them acting individually in the event of the absence of the Chairman
or the President or, in their absence, one of the Vice Chairmen shall act as
Chairmen or Chairman of the meeting. The Secretary or, in his absence, any
person appointed by the Chairmen or Chairman of the meeting shall act as
Secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof. The order of business
at all meetings of the Board of Directors 

<PAGE>15

shall be as determined by the Chairmen or Chairman of the meeting.
Section 13. Committees of the Board. The Board of Directors, by
resolution adopted by a majority of the Entire Board of Directors, may
designate an executive committee and other committees, each consisting of one
(1) or more directors. Each committee (including the members thereof) shall
serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and shall keep minutes of its
meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors. The Board of
Directors shall initially have an Audit Committee, with the powers enumerated
in Section 14 hereof. The Board of Directors may designate one or more
directors as alternate members of any committee. Alternate members may
replace any absent or disqualified member or members at any meeting of a
committee. In addition, in the absence or disqualification of a member of a
committee, if no alternate member has been designated by the Board of
Directors, the members present at any meeting and not disqualified from
voting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint
another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of
the absent or disqualified member.
Except as limited by law, each committee, to the extent provided in the
resolution establishing it, shall have and may exercise all the powers and
authority of the Board of Directors with respect to all matters.

<PAGE>16

Section 14. Audit Committee. The Audit Committee shall consist of at
least two (2) members of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee's powers
shall include, but shall not be limited to, the following: to make
recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the appointment of the
Corporation's independent accountants; to review and approve any major changes
in accounting policy; to review the arrangements for, scope and results of the
independent audit; to review and approve the scope of non-audit services to be
performed by the Corporation's independent accountants and to consider the
possible effect on the independence of the accountants; to review the
effectiveness of the Corporation's internal auditing procedures and personnel;
to review the Corporation's policies and procedures for compliance with
disclosure requirements with respect to conflicts of interest and for
prevention of unethical, questionable or illegal payments; and to take such
other actions as the Board of Directors shall from time to time so authorize.
Section 15. Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee shall
consist of at least two (2) members of the Board of Directors. The
Compensation Committee's powers shall include, but shall not be limited to the
following: to establish compensation policies, to recommend salary levels,
salary increases and bonus payments, to grant stock options, to provide an
overview of the Company's compensation programs and to take 

<PAGE>17

such other actions as the Board of Directors shall from time to time
authorize.
Section 16. Operation of Committees. A majority of all the members of a
committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the
vote of a majority of all the members of a committee present at a meeting at
which a quorum is present shall be the act of the committee.
Each committee shall adopt whatever other rules of procedure it
determines for the conduct of its activities.
Section 17. Consent to Action. Any action required or permitted to be
taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee may be
taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee,
as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings
are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or
committee.
Section 18. Meetings Held Other Than in Person. Members of the Board of
Directors or any committee may participate in a meeting of the Board of
Directors or committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone
or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall
constitute presence in person at the meeting.

<PAGE>18

ARTICLE IV

Officers

Section 1. Executive Officers, etc. The executive officers of the
Corporation shall be a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Chief Executive
Officer, a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors
also may elect or appoint one or more Vice Chairmen of the Board of Directors
(who, if so elected or appointed would be executive officers of the
Corporation), one or more Vice Presidents (any of whom may be designated as
Executive Vice Presidents or otherwise), or any other officers it deems
necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business of the Corporation,
each of whom shall have such powers and duties as the Board of Directors
determines. Any officer may devote less than one hundred percent (100%) of
his working time to his activities as such if the Board of Directors so
approves.
Section 2. Duties.
(a) The Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the
Board of Directors shall perform, in the absence or disability of the Chief
Executive Officer, the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief Executive
Officer and shall have such other powers and duties as a majority of the
Entire Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer assigns to him,
including, if so assigned, general charge and control of the 

<PAGE>19

business and affairs of the Corporation. The Chairman of the Board of
Directors along with the President shall preside at all meetings of the
stockholders and the Board of Directors, and in the event of the absence of
the Chairman of the Board of Directors the President alone shall preside.
(b) The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Vice Chairman
or, if there shall be more than one, the Vice Chairmen, of the Board of
Directors shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have such
powers and duties as the Chairman or a majority of the Entire Board of
Directors assigns to him. Notwithstanding the granting of powers to and
imposition of duties upon the Chairman of the Board of Directors and President
under this Article, whenever these By-laws grant powers or impose duties
jointly upon the Chairman or the President, those same powers are granted and
those same duties are imposed upon the Vice Chairman, or Vice Chairmen if
there shall be more than one.
(c) The President. The President shall be the chief operating
officer of the Corporation and shall have responsibility for the day-to-day
operation of the Corporation, subject to the control of the Chief Executive
Officer, the Chairman and the Vice Chairman or Vice Chairmen, if any, and he
shall have such other powers and duties as a majority of the Entire Board of
Directors assigns to him. The President along with the Chairman of the Board
of Directors shall preside at all 

<PAGE>20

meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors, and in the event of
the absence of the President, the Chairman alone shall preside.
(d) The Vice President. The Vice President or, if there shall be
more than one, the Vice Presidents, if any, in the order of their seniority or
in any other order determined by the Board of Directors, shall perform, in the
absence of disability of the President, the duties and exercise the powers of
the President and shall have such other powers and duties as the Chief
Executive Officer, the Chairman, the President, or a majority of the Entire
Board of Directors assigns to him or to them.
(e) The Secretary. Except as otherwise provided in these By-laws
or as directed by the Board of Directors, the Secretary shall attend all
meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors; he shall record the
minutes of all proceedings in books to be kept for that purpose; he shall give
notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board
of Directors; and he shall keep in safe custody the seal of the Corporation
and, when authorized by the Board of Directors, he shall affix the same to any
corporate instrument. The Secretary shall have such other powers and duties
as the Board of Directors assigns to him.
(f) The Treasurer. Subject to the control of the Board of
Directors, the Treasurer shall have the care and custody 

<PAGE>21

of the corporate funds and the books relating thereto; he shall perform all
duties incident to the office of Treasurer; and he shall have such other
powers and duties as the Board of Directors assigns to him.
(g) Chief Executive Officer. Subject to the control of the Board
of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall have general charge and
control of the business and affairs of the Corporation.
Section 3. Election; Removal. Subject to his earlier death, resignation
or removal as hereinafter provided, each officer shall hold his office until
his successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified. Any
officer may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by a majority of
the Entire Board of Directors.
Section 4. Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by giving
written notice of his resignation to the Corporation. A resignation shall
take effect at the time specified therein or, if the time when it shall become
effective shall not be specified therein, immediately upon its receipt, and,
unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of a resignation shall not
be necessary to make it effective.
Section 5. Vacancies. If an office becomes vacant for any reason, a
majority of the Entire Board of Directors may fill the vacancy, and each
officer so elected shall serve for the remainder of his predecessor's term.

<PAGE>22

ARTICLE V

Provisions Relating to Stock

Certificates and Stockholders

Section 1. Certificates. Certificates for the Corporation's capital
stock shall be in such form as required by law and as approved by the Board of
Directors. Each certificate shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by
the Chairman, a Vice Chairman, the President or any Vice President and by the
Secretary, the Treasurer or any Assistant Secretary or any Assistant Treasurer
and shall bear the seal of the Corporation or a facsimile thereof. If any
certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent or registered by a registrar,
other than the Corporation or its employees, the signature of any officer of
the Corporation may be a facsimile signature. In case any officer, transfer
agent or registrar who shall have signed or whose facsimile signature was
placed on any certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent
or registrar before the certificate shall be issued, it may nevertheless be
issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer,
transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
Section 2. Lost Certificates, etc. The Corporation may issue a new
certificate for shares in place of any certificate theretofore issued by it,
alleged to have been lost, mutilated, stolen or destroyed, and the Board of
Directors may require the 

<PAGE>23

owner of the lost, mutilated, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal
representatives, to make an affidavit of that fact and to give the Corporation
a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be
made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, mutilation, theft
or destruction of the certificate or the issuance of a new certificate.
Section 3. Transfers of Shares. Transfers of shares shall be registered
on the books of the Corporation maintained for that purpose after due
presentation of the stock certificates therefore appropriately endorsed or
accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to
transfer.
Section 4. Record Date. For the purpose of determining the stockholders
entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any
adjournment thereof, or to express consent to or dissent from any proposal
without a meeting, or for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to
receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or the allotment of any
rights, or for the purpose of any other action, the Board of Directors may
fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) nor
less than ten (10) days before the date of any such meeting, nor more than
sixty (60) days prior to any other action.

<PAGE>24

ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1. Indemnification. The Corporation shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as
the same exists or may be hereafter amended or supplemented, or by any
successor thereto, indemnify any and all persons whom it shall have power to
indemnify under said Law from and against any and all of the expenses,
liabilities or other matters referred to in or covered by said Law. Such
right of indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a
director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the
heirs, executors and administrators of such person. No director shall have
any personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that this
provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of any director: a) for
any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its
stockholders, b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, c) under Section 174 of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, or d) for any transaction from which the
director derived an improper personal benefit. Such right of indemnification
shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer,
employee or agent and shall inure to the 

<PAGE>25

benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person. The
indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, any agreement, vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
Section 2. Insurance. The Corporation shall have power to purchase and
maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of
the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against
any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity,
or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would
have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of
Section 1 of the By-laws or under Section 145 of the General Corporation Law
or any other provision of law.

ARTICLE VII

General Provisions

Section 1. Dividends, etc. To the extent permitted by law, the Board of
Directors shall have full power and discretion, subject to the provisions of
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation and the terms of any other
corporate document or 

<PAGE>26

instrument binding upon the Corporation, to determine what, if any, dividends
or distributions shall be declared and paid or made.
Section 2. Seal. The Corporation's seal shall be in such form as is
required by law and as shall be approved by the Board of Directors.
Section 3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be
determined by the Board of Directors.
Section 4. Voting Shares in Other Corporations. Unless otherwise
directed by the Board of Directors, shares in other Corporations which are
held by the Corporation shall be represented and voted only by the Chairman of
the Board of Directors or the President or by a proxy or proxies appointed by
either of them acting individually.

ARTICLE VIII

Amendments

By-laws may be adopted, amended or repealed by a majority of the Entire
Board of Directors, subject to the right of the stockholders to adopt, amend
or repeal any By-law made by a majority of the Entire Board of Directors.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>1

Rights Agreement

Mueller Industries, Inc.

and

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

Rights Agent

Dated as of November 10, 1994

<PAGE>2

Table of Contents

Page

Section 1. Certain Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6

Section 3. Issue of Rights Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

Section 4. Form of Rights Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Rights
Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Rights
Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10

Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration 
Date of Rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Rights Certificates 14

Section 9. Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock . . . . . . . . 14

Section 10. Preferred Stock Record Date . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of
Shares or Number of Rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number
of Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of
Assets or Earning Power . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares . . . . . . . . . . 31

Section 15. Rights of Action . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32

Section 16. Agreement of Rights Holders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33

Section 17. Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a
Stockholder . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33

Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34

<PAGE>3

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name
of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37

Section 22. Issuance of New Rights Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . 39

Section 23. Redemption and Termination . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39

Section 24. Notice of Certain Events . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40

Section 25. Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41

Section 26. Supplements and Amendments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42

Section 27. Successors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43

Section 28. Determinations and Actions by the Board of
Directors, etc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43

Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

Section 30. Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

Section 31. Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

Section 32. Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

Section 33. Descriptive Headings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

Exhibit A -- Certificate of Designation

Exhibit B -- Form of Rights Certificate

Exhibit C -- Summary of Rights 

<PAGE>4

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of November 10, 1994 between Mueller
Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York Limited Purpose Trust Company (the
"Rights Agent").

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, on November 10, 1994 (the "Rights Dividend Declaration
Date"), the Board of Directors of the Company authorized and declared a
dividend distribution of one Right for each share of Common Stock of the
Company outstanding at the close of business on November 21, 1994 (the "Record
Date"), and has authorized the issuance of one Right (as such number may
hereinafter be adjusted pursuant to the provisions of Section 11(p) hereof)
for each share of Common Stock of the Company issued between the Record Date
(whether originally issued or delivered from the Company's treasury) and the
Distribution Date, each Right initially representing the right to purchase one
unit (a "Unit") with each such unit consisting initially of one one-thousandth
of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Company
having the rights, powers and preferences set forth in the form of Certificate
of Designation, Preferences and Rights attached hereto as Exhibit A, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth ("Rights");

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Section 1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the
following terms have the meanings indicated:

(a) "Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person who or which, together with
all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, shall be the Beneficial Owner of
15% or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding, but shall not
include (i) the Company, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) any
employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or
(iv) any Person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company
for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan (each of (i) through (iv), an
"Exempted Person"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no Person shall become
an "Acquiring Person" as a result of an acquisition of Common Stock by the
Company which, by reducing the number of such shares then outstanding,
increases the proportionate number of shares beneficially owned by such Person
to 15% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, except 

<PAGE>5

that if such Person, after such share purchases by the Company, becomes the
Beneficial Owner of any additional shares of Common Stock, such Person shall
be deemed to be an "Acquiring Person;" and (ii) if the Board of Directors of
the Company determines in good faith that a Person who would otherwise be an
"Acquiring Person" has become such inadvertently, and such Person divests as
promptly as practicable a sufficient number of Common Stock so that such
Person would no longer be an Acquiring Person then such Person shall not be
deemed to be an "Acquiring Person." The term "outstanding," when used with
reference to a Person's Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Company,
shall mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together
with the number of such securities not then issued and outstanding which such
Person would be deemed to beneficially own hereunder.

(b) "Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(c) "Adjustment Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
11(a)(ii) of this Agreement.

(d) "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the
General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.

(e) "Associate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the
General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.

(f) A Person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of, and shall be
deemed to "beneficially own," any securities:

(i) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to acquire (whether
such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time)
pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not
in writing) or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights,
rights, warrants or options, or otherwise;
provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the "Beneficial
Owner" of, or to "beneficially own," (A) securities tendered pursuant to
a tender or exchange offer made by such Person or any of such Person's
Affiliates or Associates until such tendered securities are accepted for
purchase or exchange, or (B) securities issuable upon exercise of Rights
at any time prior to the occurrence of a Triggering Event, or (C)
securities issuable upon exercise of Rights from and after the occurrence
of a Triggering Event which Rights were acquired by such Person or any of

<PAGE>6

such Person's Affiliates or Associates prior to the Distribution Date or
pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 22 hereof ("Original Rights") or pursuant
to Section 11(i) hereof in connection with an adjustment made with respect to
any Original Rights;

(ii) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to vote or dispose of
or has "beneficial ownership" of (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 of
the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act), including
pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not
in writing; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the
"Beneficial Owner" of, or to "beneficially own," any security under this
subparagraph (ii) as a result of an agreement, arrangement or
understanding to vote such security if such agreement, arrangement or
understanding: (A) arises solely from a revocable proxy given in
response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and
in accordance with, the applicable provisions of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Exchange Act, and (B) is not also then reportable
by such Person on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable
or successor report); or

(iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any
other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with which such
Person (or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates) has any
agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing), for
the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except pursuant to a revocable
proxy as described in the proviso to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph
(f)) or disposing of any voting securities of the Company; provided,
however, that nothing in this paragraph (f) shall cause a person engaged
in business as an underwriter of securities to be the "Beneficial Owner"
of, or to "beneficially own," any securities acquired through such
person's participation in good faith in a firm commitment underwriting
until the expiration of forty days after the date of such acquisition.

(g) "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a
day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
obligated by law or executive order to close.

(h) "Close of business" on any given date shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York
City time, on such date; provided, however, that 

<PAGE>7

if such date is not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City
time, on the next succeeding Business Day. 

(i) "Common Stock" shall mean the common stock, par value $.01 per
share, except that "Common Stock" when used with reference to any Person other
than the Company shall mean the capital stock of such Person with the greatest
voting power, or the equity securities or other equity interest having power
to control or direct the management, of such Person.

(j) "Common Stock Equivalents" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 11(a)(iii) of this Agreement.

(k) "Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph of this Agreement.

(l) "Continuing Director" shall mean (i) any Person who on the Rights
Dividend Declaration Date was a member of the Board of Directors, while such
Person is a member of the Board, who is not an Acquiring Person, or an
Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person, or a representative or nominee
of an Acquiring Person or of any such Affiliate or Associate, or (ii) any
Person who subsequently becomes a member of the Board, while such Person is a
member of the Board, who is not an Acquiring Person, or an Affiliate or
Associate of an Acquiring Person, or a representative or nominee of an
Acquiring Person or of any such Affiliate or Associate, if such Person's
nomination for election or election to the Board is recommended or approved by
a majority of the Continuing Directors.

(m) "Current Market Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
11(d)(i).

(n) "Current Value" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
11(a)(iii) of this Agreement.

(o) "Distribution Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a)
of this Agreement.

(p) "Equivalent preferred stock" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 11(b) of this Agreement.

(q) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

(r) "Exempted Person" shall have meaning set forth in Section 1(a) of
this Agreement.

<PAGE>8

(s) "Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a)
of this Agreement.

(t) "Final Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
7(a) of this Agreement.

(u) "Original Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(f)
of this Agreement.

(v) "Person" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation, partnership
or other entity.

(w) "Preferred Stock" shall mean shares of Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company, and, to the extent
that there are not a sufficient number of shares of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock authorized to permit the full exercise of the
Rights, any other series of Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the
Company designated for such purpose containing terms substantially similar to
the terms of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock.

(x) "Principal Party" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13(b)
of this Agreement.

(y) "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) of
this Agreement.

(z) "Record Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the "Whereas"
clause of this Agreement.

(aa) "Redemption Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 23 of
this Agreement.

(bb) "Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in the "Whereas" clause of
this Agreement.

(cc) "Rights Agent" shall have the meaning set forth in the "Whereas"
clause of this Agreement.

(dd) "Rights Certificates" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3(a) of this Agreement.

(ee) "Rights Dividend Declaration Date" shall have the meaning set forth
in the "Whereas" clause of this Agreement.

(ff) "Section 11(a)(ii) Event" shall mean any event described in Section
11(a)(ii) of this Agreement.

<PAGE>9

(gg) "Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 11(a)(iii) of this Agreement.

(hh) "Section 13 Event" shall mean any event described in clause (x), (y)
or (z) of Section 13(a) of this Agreement.

(ii) "Spread" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) of
this Agreement.

(jj) "Stock Acquisition Date" shall mean the first date of public
announcement (which, for purposes of this definition, shall include, without
limitation, a report filed pursuant to Section 13(d) under the Exchange Act)
by the Company or an Acquiring Person that an Acquiring Person has become
such.

(kk) "Subsidiary" shall mean, with reference to any Person, any
corporation of which an amount of voting securities sufficient to elect at
least a majority of the directors of such corporation is beneficially owned,
directly or indirectly, by such Person, or otherwise controlled by such
Person.

(ll) "Substitution Period" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
11(a)(iii) of this Agreement.

(mm) "Summary of Rights" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b)
of this Agreement.

(nn) "Trading Day" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(b) of
this Agreement.

(oo) "Transaction" shall mean any merger, consolidation or sale of assets
or earning power described in Section 13(a) hereof or any acquisition of
Common Stock of the Company which, without regard to any required approval of
the Company, would result in a Person becoming an Acquiring Person.

(pp) "Triggering Event" shall mean any Section 11(a)(ii) Event or any
Section 13 Event.

(qq) "Unit" shall have the meaning set forth in the "Whereas" clause of
this Agreement.

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the
Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the terms and
conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The
Company may from time to time appoint such Co-Rights Agents as it may deem
necessary or desirable.

<PAGE>10

Section 3. Issue of Rights Certificates.

(a) Until the earlier of (i) the close of business on the tenth day
after the Stock Acquisition Date (or, if the tenth day after the Stock
Acquisition Date occurs before the Record Date, the close of business on the
Record Date), (ii) the close of business on the tenth Business Day (or such
later date as the Board shall determine) after the date that a tender or
exchange offer by any Person (other than an Exempted Person) is first
published or sent or given within the meaning of Rule 14d-2(a) of the General
Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, if upon consummation thereof,
such Person would be the Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of the shares of
Common Stock then outstanding or (iii) the Expiration Date (the earlier of (i)
and (ii) being herein referred to as the "Distribution Date"), (x) the Rights
will be evidenced by the certificates for the Common Stock registered in the
names of the holders of the Common Stock (which certificates for Common Stock
shall be deemed also to be certificates for Rights) and not by separate
certificates, and (y) the Rights will be transferable only in connection with
the transfer of the underlying shares of Common Stock (including a transfer to
the Company). The Board of Directors of the Company may defer the date set
forth in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence to a specified later date or to
an unspecified later date, each to be determined, with the concurrence of a
majority of the Continuing Directors, by action of the Board of Directors of
the Company. As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, the Rights
Agent will, at the Company's expense, send by first-class, insured, postage
prepaid mail, to each record holder of the Common Stock as of the close of
business on the Distribution Date, at the address of such holder shown on the
records of the Company, one or more rights certificates, in substantially the
form of Exhibit B hereto (the "Rights Certificates"), evidencing one Right for
each share of Common Stock so held, subject to adjustment as provided herein. 
In the event that an adjustment in the number of Rights per share of Common
Stock has been made pursuant to Section 11(p) hereof, at the time of
distribution of the Rights Certificates, the Company shall make the necessary
and appropriate rounding adjustments (in accordance with Section 14(a) hereof)
so that Rights Certificates representing only whole numbers of Rights are
distributed and cash is paid in lieu of any fractional Rights. As of and
after the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced solely by such
Rights Certificates.

(b) As promptly as practicable, the Company will send a copy of a
Summary of Rights, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the
"Summary of Rights"), by first-class, postage prepaid mail, to each record
holder of the Common Stock 

<PAGE>11

as of the close of business on the Record Date, at the address of such holder
shown on the records of the Company. 

(c) Rights shall be issued in respect of all shares of Common Stock
which are issued (whether originally issued or from the Company's treasury)
after the Record Date but prior to the earlier of the Distribution Date or the
Expiration Date. Certificates representing such shares of Common Stock shall
also be deemed to be certificates for Rights and shall bear the following
legend:

This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to
certain Rights as set forth in the Rights Agreement between Mueller
Industries, Inc. (the "Company") and Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company (the "Rights Agent") dated as of November 10, 1994
(the "Rights Agreement"), the terms of which are hereby incorporated
herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the principal
offices of the Company. Under certain circumstances, as set forth
in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will be evidenced by separate
certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this certificate. 
The Company will mail to the holder of this certificate a copy of
the Rights Agreement, as in effect on the date of mailing, without
charge, promptly after receipt of a written request therefor. Under
certain circumstances set forth in the Rights Agreement, Rights
issued to, or held by, any Person who is, was or becomes an
Acquiring Person or any Affiliate or Associate thereof (as such
terms are defined in the Rights Agreement), whether currently held
by or on behalf of such Person or by any subsequent holder, may
become null and void.

With respect to such certificates containing the foregoing legend, until the
earlier of the Distribution Date or the Expiration Date, registered holders of
Common Stock shall also be the registered holders of the associated Rights,
and the transfer of any of such certificates shall also constitute the
transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Stock represented by such
certificates.

Section 4. Form of Rights Certificates.

(a) The Rights Certificates (and the forms of election to purchase and
of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof) shall each be
substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto and may have such
marks of identification or designation and such legends, summaries or
endorsements printed thereon as 

<PAGE>12

the Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent with the
provisions of this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any
applicable law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with
any rule or regulation of any stock exchange on which the Rights may from time
to time be listed, or to conform to usage. Subject to the provisions of
Section 11 and Section 22 hereof, the Rights Certificates, whenever
distributed, shall be dated as of the Record Date and on their face shall
entitle the holders thereof to purchase such number of one one-thousandths of
a share of Preferred Stock as shall be set forth therein at the price set
forth therein (such exercise price per one one-thousandth of a share, the
"Purchase Price"), but the amount and the type of securities purchasable upon
the exercise of each Right and the Purchase Price thereof shall be subject to
adjustment as provided herein.

(b) Any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 22
hereof that represents Rights beneficially owned by: (i) an Acquiring Person
or any Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an
Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a
transferee after the Acquiring Person becomes such, or (iii) a transferee of
an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a
transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming such
and receives such Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer (whether or not for
consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in
such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom such Acquiring Person has any
continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding the transferred
Rights or (B) a transfer which a majority of the Continuing Directors has
determined is part of a plan, arrangement or understanding which has as a
primary purpose or effect avoidance of Section 7(e) hereof, and any Rights
Certificate issued pursuant to Section 6 or Section 11 hereof upon transfer,
exchange, replacement or adjustment of any other Rights Certificate referred
to in this sentence, shall contain (to the extent feasible) the following
legend:

The Rights represented by this Rights Certificate are or were
beneficially owned by a Person who was or became an Acquiring Person
or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person (as such terms
are defined in the Rights Agreement). Accordingly, this Rights
Certificate and the Rights represented hereby may become null and
void in the circumstances specified in Section 7(e) of such
Agreement.

<PAGE>13

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration.

(a) The Rights Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company
by its Chairman of the Board, its President or any Vice President, either
manually or by facsimile signature, and shall have affixed thereto the
Company's seal or a facsimile thereof which shall be attested by the Secretary
or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, either manually or by facsimile
signature. The Rights Certificates shall be manually countersigned by an
authorized signatory of the Rights Agent and shall not be valid for any
purpose unless so countersigned. In case any officer of the Company who shall
have signed any of the Rights Certificates shall cease to be such officer of
the Company before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and
delivery by the Company, such Rights Certificates, nevertheless, may be
countersigned by an authorized signatory of the Rights Agent and issued and
delivered by the Company with the same force and effect as though the person
who signed such Rights Certificates had not ceased to be such officer of the
Company; and any Rights Certificates may be signed on behalf of the Company by
any person who, at the actual date of the execution of such Rights
Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Rights
Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Rights Agreement
any such person was not such an officer.

(b) Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep or cause
to be kept, at its office or offices designated as the appropriate place for
surrender of Rights Certificates upon exercise or transfer, books for
registration and transfer of the Rights Certificates issued hereunder. Such
books shall show the names and addresses of the respective holders of the
Rights Certificates, the number of Rights evidenced on its face by each of the
Rights Certificates and the date of each of the Rights Certificates.

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Rights
Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Rights
Certificates.

(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b), Section 7(e) and Section
14 hereof, at any time after the close of business on the Distribution Date,
and at or prior to the close of business on the Expiration Date, any Rights
Certificate or Certificates may be transferred, split up, combined or
exchanged for another Rights Certificate or Certificates, entitling the
registered holder to purchase a like number of one one-thousandths of a share
of Preferred Stock (or, following a Triggering Event, Common Stock, other
securities, cash or other assets, as the case 

<PAGE>14

may be) as the Rights Certificate or Certificates surrendered then entitled
such holder (or former holder in the case of a transfer) to purchase. Any
registered holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any
Rights Certificate or Certificates shall make such request in writing
delivered to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Rights Certificate or
Certificates to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged at the office
or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose. Neither the
Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to take any action whatsoever
with respect to the transfer of any such surrendered Rights Certificate until
the registered holder shall have completed and signed the certificate
contained in the form of assignment on the reverse side of such Rights
Certificate and shall have provided such additional evidence of the identity
of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or
Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request. Thereupon the
Rights Agent shall, subject to Section 4(b), Section 7(e) and Section 14
hereof, countersign and deliver to the Person entitled thereto a Rights
Certificate or Rights Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The
Company may require payment by the holder of a Rights Certificate of a sum
sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in
connection with any transfer, split up, combination or exchange of Rights
Certificates.

(b) Upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of a Rights Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of
indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to them, and reimbursement to
the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental
thereto, and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and cancellation of the Rights
Certificate, if mutilated, the Company will execute and deliver a new Rights
Certificate of like tenor to the Rights Agent for countersignature and
delivery to the registered owner in lieu of the Rights Certificate so lost,
stolen, destroyed or mutilated.

Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of
Rights.

(a) Subject to Section 7(e) hereof, the registered holder of any Rights
Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise
provided herein including, without limitation, the restrictions on
exercisability set forth in Section 9(c), Section 11(a)(iii) and Section 23(a)
hereof) in whole or in part at any time after the Distribution Date upon
surrender of the Rights Certificate, with the form of election to 

<PAGE>15

purchase and the certificate on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the
Rights Agent at the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such
purpose, along with a signature guarantee and such other and further
documentation as the Rights Agent may reasonably request, together with
payment of the aggregate Purchase Price with respect to the total number of
one one-thousandths of a share (or other securities, cash or other assets, as
the case may be) as to which such surrendered Rights are then exercisable, at
or prior to the earlier of (i) the close of business on November 10, 2004 (the
"Final Expiration Date"), or (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed as
provided in Section 23 hereof (the earlier of (i) and (ii) being herein
referred to as the "Expiration Date").

(b) The Purchase Price for each one one-thousandth of a share of
Preferred Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall initially be $160,
and shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Sections
11 and 13(a) hereof and shall be payable in accordance with paragraph (c)
below.

(c) Upon receipt of a Rights Certificate representing exercisable
Rights, with the form of election to purchase and the certificate duly
executed, accompanied by payment, with respect to each Right so exercised, of
the Purchase Price per one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock (or
other securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) to be purchased as
set forth below and an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax, the Rights
Agent shall, subject to Section 20(k) hereof, thereupon promptly (i) (A)
requisition from any transfer agent of the shares of Preferred Stock (or make
available, if the Rights Agent is the transfer agent for such shares)
certificates for the total number of one one-thousandths of a share of
Preferred Stock to be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes
its transfer agent to comply with all such requests, or (B) if the Company
shall have elected to deposit the total number of shares of Preferred Stock
issuable upon exercise of the Rights hereunder with a depositary agent,
requisition from the depositary agent depositary receipts representing such
number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock as are to be
purchased (in which case certificates for the shares of Preferred Stock
represented by such receipts shall be deposited by the transfer agent with the
depositary agent) and the Company will direct the depositary agent to comply
with such request, (ii) requisition from the Company the amount of cash, if
any, to be paid in lieu of fractional shares in accordance with Section 14
hereof, (iii) after receipt of such certificates or depositary receipts, cause
the same to be delivered to or upon the order of the registered holder of such
Rights Certificate, registered in such name or 

<PAGE>16

names as may be designated by such holder, and (iv) after receipt thereof,
deliver such cash, if any, to or upon the order of the registered holder of
such Rights Certificate. The payment of the Purchase Price (as such amount
may be reduced pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof) shall be made in cash or
by certified bank check or bank draft payable to the order of the Company. In
the event that the Company is obligated to issue other securities (including
Common Stock) of the Company, pay cash and/or distribute other property
pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof, the Company will make all arrangements
necessary so that such other securities, cash and/or other property are
available for distribution by the Rights Agent, if and when appropriate. The
Company reserves the right to require prior to the occurrence of a Triggering
Event that, upon any exercise of Rights, a number of Rights be exercised so
that only whole shares of Preferred Stock would be issued.

(d) In case the registered holder of any Rights Certificate shall
exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Rights Certificate
evidencing Rights equivalent to the Rights remaining unexercised shall be
issued by the Rights Agent and delivered to, or upon the order of, the
registered holder of such Rights Certificate, registered in such name or names
as may be designated by such holder, subject to the provisions of Section 14
hereof.

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, from and
after the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, any Rights
beneficially owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Associate or Affiliate of
an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such
Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person
becomes such, or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such
Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with
the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to either
(A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to
holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with
whom the Acquiring Person has any continuing agreement, arrangement or
understanding regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer which a
majority of the Continuing Directors has determined is part of a plan,
arrangement or understanding which has as a primary purpose or effect the
avoidance of this Section 7(e), shall become null and void without any further
action, and no holder of such Rights shall have any rights whatsoever with
respect to such Rights, whether under any provision of this Agreement or
otherwise. The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the
provisions of this Section 7(e) and Section 4(b) hereof are 

<PAGE>17

complied with, but shall have no liability to any holder of Rights
Certificates or other Person as a result of its failure to make any
determinations with respect to an Acquiring Person or its Affiliates,
Associates or transferees hereunder.

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither
the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to undertake any action
with respect to a registered holder upon the occurrence of any purported
exercise as set forth in this Section 7 unless such registered holder shall
have (i) completed and signed the certificate contained in the form of
election to purchase set forth on the reverse side of the Rights Certificate
surrendered for such exercise, and (ii) provided such additional evidence of
the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or
Affiliates or Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request.

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Rights Certificates. All Rights
Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise, transfer, split up,
combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the Company or any of its
agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation or in cancelled
form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent, shall be cancelled by it, and no
Rights Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly
permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall
deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the Rights
Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Rights Certificate purchased or
acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. The Rights
Agent shall deliver all cancelled Rights Certificates to the Company, or
shall, at the written request of the Company, destroy such cancelled Rights
Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a certificate of destruction
thereof to the Company.

Section 9. Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock.

(a) The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be reserved
and kept available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
Stock (and, following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, out of its
authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock and/or other securities or out
of its authorized and issued shares held in its treasury), the number of
shares of Preferred Stock (and, following the occurrence of a Triggering
Event, Common Stock and/or other securities) that, as provided in this
Agreement, including Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, will be sufficient to permit
the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights.

<PAGE>18

(b) So long as the shares of Preferred Stock (and, following the
occurrence of a Triggering Event, Common Stock and/or other securities)
issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights may be listed on any
national securities exchange, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause,
from and after such time as the Rights become exercisable, all shares reserved
for such issuance to be listed on such exchange upon official notice of
issuance upon such exercise.

(c) The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) file, as soon as
practicable following the earliest date after the first occurrence of a
Section 11(a)(ii) Event on which the consideration to be delivered by the
Company upon exercise of the Rights has been determined in accordance with
Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, a registration statement under the Act with respect
to the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate
form, (ii) cause such registration statement to become effective as soon as
practicable after such filing, and (iii) cause such registration statement to
remain effective (with a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of
the Act) until the earlier of (A) the date as of which the Rights are no
longer exercisable for such securities, or (B) the date of the expiration of
the Rights. The Company will also take such action as may be appropriate
under, or to ensure compliance with, the securities or "blue sky" laws of the
various states in connection with the exercisability of the Rights. The
Company may temporarily suspend, for a period of time not to exceed ninety
(90) days after the date set forth in clause (i) of the first sentence of this
Section 9(c), the exercisability of the Rights in order to prepare and file
such registration statement and permit it to become effective. Upon any such
suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement, and shall give
simultaneous written notice to the Rights Agent stating that the
exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a
public announcement at such time as the suspension is no longer in effect. In
addition, if the Company shall determine that a registration statement is
required following the Distribution Date, the Company may temporarily suspend
the exercisability of the Rights until such time as a registration statement
has been declared effective. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement
to the contrary, the Rights shall not be exercisable in any jurisdiction if
the requisite qualification in such jurisdiction shall not have been obtained,
the exercise thereof shall not be permitted under applicable law or a
registration statement shall not have been declared effective.

(d) The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such action
as may be necessary to ensure that all one one-thousandths of a share of
Preferred Stock (and, following the 

<PAGE>19

occurrence of a Triggering Event, Common Stock and/or other securities)
delivered upon exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the
certificates for such shares (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be
duly and validly authorized and issued, and fully paid and non-assessable.

(e) The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when due
and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges which may
be payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Rights Certificates
and of any certificates for a number of one one-thousandths of a share of
Preferred Stock (or Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be)
upon the exercise of the Rights. The Company shall not, however, be required
to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer or
delivery of Rights Certificates to a Person other than, or the issuance or
delivery of a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or
Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be) in respect of a name
other than that of, the registered holder of the Rights Certificates
evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or deliver any
certificates for a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock
(or Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be) in a name other
than that of the registered holder upon the exercise of any Rights until such
tax shall have been paid (any such tax being payable by the holder of such
Rights Certificate at the time of surrender) or until it has been established
to the Company's satisfaction that no such tax is due.

Section 10. Preferred Stock Record Date. Each person in whose name any
certificate for a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock
(or Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be) is issued upon
the exercise of Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the
holder of record of such fractional shares of Preferred Stock (or Common Stock
and/or other securities, as the case may be) represented thereby on, and such
certificate shall be dated, the date upon which the Rights Certificate
evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price
(and all applicable transfer taxes) was made; provided, however, that if the
date of such surrender and payment is a date upon which the Preferred Stock
(or Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be) transfer books
of the Company are closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the
record holder of such shares (fractional or otherwise) on, and such
certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on which the
Preferred Stock (or Common Stock and/or other securities, as the case may be)
transfer books of the Company are open. Prior to the exercise of the Rights
evidenced thereby, the holder of a Rights 

<PAGE>20

Certificate shall not be entitled to any rights of a stockholder of the
Company with respect to shares for which the Rights shall be exercisable,
including, without limitation, the right to vote, to receive dividends or
other distributions or to exercise any preemptive rights, and shall not be
entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company, except as
provided herein.

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of Shares or Number
of Rights. The Purchase Price, the number and kind of shares covered by each
Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment from time
to time as provided in this Section 11.

(a)(i) In the event the Company shall at any time after the date of this
Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Preferred Stock payable in shares
of Preferred Stock, (B) subdivide the outstanding Preferred Stock, (C)
combine the outstanding Preferred Stock into a smaller number of shares,
or (D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the
Preferred Stock (including any such reclassification in connection with a
consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or
surviving corporation), except as otherwise provided in this Section
11(a) and Section 7(e) hereof, the Purchase Price in effect at the time
of the record date for such dividend or of the effective date of such
subdivision, combination or reclassification, and the number and kind of
shares of Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case may be, issuable
on such date, shall be proportionately adjusted so that the holder of any
Right exercised after such time shall be entitled to receive, upon
payment of the Purchase Price then in effect, the aggregate number and
kind of shares of Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case may be,
which, if such Right had been exercised immediately prior to such date
and at a time when the Preferred Stock transfer books of the Company were
open, he would have owned upon such exercise and been entitled to receive
by virtue of such dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification. 
If an event occurs which would require an adjustment under both this
Section 11(a)(i) and Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, the adjustment provided
for in this Section 11(a)(i) shall be in addition to, and shall be made
prior to, any adjustment required pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

(ii) In the event any Person (other than an Exempted Person), alone or
together with its Affiliates and Associates, shall, at any time after the
Rights Dividend Declaration Date, become an Acquiring Person, unless the 

<PAGE>21

event causing the 15% threshold to be crossed is a transaction set forth in
Section 13(a) hereof, or is an acquisition of shares of Common Stock pursuant
to a tender offer or an exchange offer for all outstanding shares of Common
Stock at a price and on terms determined by at least a majority of each of the
Continuing Directors and the members of the Board of Directors who are not
officers of the Company and who are not representatives, nominees, Affiliates
or Associates of an Acquiring Person, after receiving advice from one or more
investment banking firms, to be (a) at a price which is fair to stockholders
(taking into account all factors which such members of the Board deem relevant
including, without limitation, prices which could reasonably be achieved if
the Company or its assets were sold on an orderly basis designed to realize
maximum value) and (b) otherwise in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders, then, promptly following the occurrence of any event described
in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, proper provision shall be made so that each
holder of a Right (except as provided below and in Section 7(e) hereof) shall
thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise thereof at the then
current Purchase Price in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in lieu
of a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock, such number
of shares of Common Stock of the Company as shall equal the result obtained by
(x) multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the then number of one
one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right was
exercisable immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii)
Event, and (y) dividing that product (which, following such first occurrence,
shall thereafter be referred to as the "Purchase Price" for each Right and for
all purposes of this Agreement) by 50% of the Current Market Price (determined
pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of Common Stock on the date of
such first occurrence (such number of shares being referred to as the
"Adjustment Shares").

(iii) In the event that the number of shares of Common Stock which are
authorized by the Company's certificate of incorporation but not
outstanding or reserved for issuance for purposes other than upon
exercise of the Rights are not sufficient to permit the exercise in full
of the Rights in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii) of this
Section 11(a), the Company, acting by resolution of its Board of
Directors (which resolution shall be effective only with the concurrence
of a majority of the Continuing Directors), shall (A) determine the value
of the Adjustment Shares issuable upon the exercise of a Right (the
"Current 

<PAGE>22

Value"), and (B) with respect to each Right (subject to Section 7(e) hereof),
make adequate provision to substitute for the Adjustment Shares, upon the
exercise of a Right and payment of the applicable Purchase Price, (1) cash,
(2) a reduction in the Purchase Price, (3) Common Stock or other equity
securities of the Company (including, without limitation, shares, or units of
shares, of preferred stock, such as the Preferred Stock, which the Board has
deemed to have essentially the same value or economic rights as shares of
Common Stock (such shares of preferred stock being referred to as "Common
Stock Equivalents")), (4) debt securities of the Company, (5) other assets, or
(6) any combination of the foregoing, having an aggregate value equal to the
Current Value (less the amount of any reduction in the Purchase Price), where
such aggregate value has been determined by the Board based upon the advice of
a nationally recognized investment banking firm selected by the Board;
provided, however, that if the Company shall not have made adequate provision
to deliver value pursuant to clause (B) above within thirty (30) days
following the later of (x) the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event
and (y) the date on which the Company's right of redemption pursuant to
Section 23(a) expires (the later of (x) and (y) being referred to herein as
the "Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date"), then the Company shall be obligated to
deliver, upon the surrender for exercise of a Right and without requiring
payment of the Purchase Price, shares of Common Stock (to the extent
available) and then, if necessary, cash, which shares and/or cash have an
aggregate value equal to the Spread. For purposes of the preceding sentence,
the term "Spread" shall mean the excess of (i) the Current Value over (ii) the
Purchase Price. If the Board determines in good faith that it is likely that
sufficient additional shares of Common Stock could be authorized for issuance
upon exercise in full of the Rights, the thirty (30) day period set forth
above may be extended to the extent necessary, but not more than ninety (90)
days after the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date, in order that the Company may
seek shareholder approval for the authorization of such additional shares
(such thirty (30) day period, as it may be extended, is herein called the
"Substitution Period"). To the extent that action is to be taken pursuant to
the first and/or third sentences of this Section 11(a)(iii), the Company (1)
shall provide, subject to Section 7(e) hereof, that such action shall apply
uniformly to all outstanding Rights, and (2) may suspend the exercisability of
the Rights until the expiration of the Substitution Period in order to seek
such shareholder approval for such authorization of additional shares and/or
to decide the appropriate form of distribution 

<PAGE>23

to be made pursuant to such first sentence and to determine the value thereof. 
In the event of any such suspension, the Company shall issue a public
announcement stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been
temporarily suspended, as well as a public announcement at such time as the
suspension is no longer in effect. For purposes of this Section 11(a)(iii),
the value of each Adjustment Share shall be the Current Market Price (as
determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i)) per share of the Common Stock on the
Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date and the per share or per unit value of any
Common Stock Equivalent shall be deemed to equal the Current Market Price per
share of the Common Stock on such date.

(b) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the issuance of
rights, options or warrants to all holders of Preferred Stock entitling them
to subscribe for or purchase (for a period expiring within forty-five (45)
calendar days after such record date) Preferred Stock (or shares having the
same rights, privileges and preferences as the shares of Preferred Stock
("equivalent preferred stock")) or securities convertible into Preferred Stock
or equivalent preferred stock at a price per share of Preferred Stock or per
share of equivalent preferred stock (or having a conversion price per share,
if a security convertible into Preferred Stock or equivalent preferred stock)
less than the Current Market Price per share of Preferred Stock on such record
date, the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be
determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to
such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of
shares of Preferred Stock outstanding on such record date, plus the number of
shares of Preferred Stock which the aggregate offering price of the total
number of shares of Preferred Stock and/or equivalent preferred stock so to be
offered (and/or the aggregate initial conversion price of the convertible
securities so to be offered) would purchase at such Current Market Price, and
the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock
outstanding on such record date, plus the number of additional shares of
Preferred Stock and/or equivalent preferred stock to be offered for
subscription or purchase (or into which the convertible securities so to be
offered are initially convertible). In case such subscription price may be
paid by delivery of consideration part or all of which may be in a form other
than cash, the value of such consideration shall be as determined in good
faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be
described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be binding on
the Rights Agent and the holders of the Rights. Shares of Preferred Stock
owned by or held for the account of the Company shall not be 

<PAGE>24

deemed outstanding for the purpose of any such computation. Such adjustment
shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed, and in the
event that such rights or warrants are not so issued, the Purchase Price shall
be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such
record date had not been fixed.

(c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for a distribution to
all holders of Preferred Stock (including any such distribution made in
connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the
continuing corporation) of evidences of indebtedness, cash (other than a
regular quarterly cash dividend out of the earnings or retained earnings of
the Company), assets (other than a dividend payable in Preferred Stock, but
including any dividend payable in stock other than Preferred Stock) or
subscription rights or warrants (excluding those referred to in Section 11(b)
hereof), the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be
determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to
such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the current
market price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of
Preferred Stock on such record date, less the fair market value (as determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination
shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent) of the portion
of the cash, assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be distributed or of
such subscription rights or warrants applicable to a share of Preferred Stock
and the denominator of which shall be such Current Market Price per share of
Preferred Stock. Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever such a
record date is fixed, and in the event that such distribution is not so made,
the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would have
been in effect if such record date had not been fixed.

(d)(i) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, other than
computations made pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, the "Current
Market Price" per share of Common Stock on any date shall be deemed to be
the average of the daily closing prices per share of such Common Stock
for the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to such
date, and for purposes of computations made pursuant to Section
11(a)(iii) hereof, the Current Market Price per share of Common Stock on
any date shall be deemed to be the average of the daily closing prices
per share of such Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days
immediately following such date; provided, however, that in the event
that the Current Market Price per share of the Common Stock is determined
during a period following the announcement by 

<PAGE>25

the issuer of such Common Stock of (A) a dividend or distribution on such
Common Stock payable in shares of such Common Stock or securities convertible
into shares of such Common Stock (other than the Rights), or (B) any
subdivision, combination or reclassification of such Common Stock, and the
ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution, or the record date for
such subdivision, combination or reclassification shall not have occurred
prior to the commencement of the requisite thirty (30) Trading Day or ten (10)
Trading Day period, as set forth above, then, and in each such case, the
Current Market Price shall be properly adjusted to take into account
ex-dividend trading. The closing price for each day shall be the last sale
price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the
average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as
reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with
respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock
Exchange or, if the shares of Common Stock are not listed or admitted to
trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the principal
consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on
the principal national securities exchange on which the shares of Common Stock
are listed or admitted to trading or, if the shares of Common Stock are not
listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last
quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked
prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or such other system
then in use, or, if on any such date the shares of Common Stock are not quoted
by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as
furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the Common Stock
selected by the Board. If on any such date no market maker is making a market
in the Common Stock, the fair value of such shares on such date as determined
in good faith by the Board shall be used. The term "Trading Day" shall mean a
day on which the principal national securities exchange on which the shares of
Common Stock are listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of
business or, if the shares of Common Stock are not listed or admitted to
trading on any national securities exchange, a Business Day. If the Common
Stock is not publicly held or not so listed or traded, Current Market Price
per share shall mean the fair value per share as determined in good faith by
the Board, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with
the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all purposes.

<PAGE>26

(ii) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the Current Market
Price per share of Preferred Stock shall be determined in the same manner
as set forth above for the Common Stock in clause (i) of this Section
11(d) (other than the last sentence thereof). If the Current Market
Price per share of Preferred Stock cannot be determined in the manner
provided above or if the Preferred Stock is not publicly held or listed
or traded in a manner described in clause (i) of this Section 11(d), the
Current Market Price per share of Preferred Stock shall be conclusively
deemed to be an amount equal to 1000 (as such number may be appropriately
adjusted for such events as stock splits, stock dividends and
recapitalizations with respect to the Common Stock occurring after the
date of this Agreement) multiplied by the Current Market Price per share
of the Common Stock. If neither the Common Stock nor the Preferred Stock
is publicly held or so listed or traded, Current Market Price per share
of the Preferred Stock shall mean the fair value per share as determined
in good faith by the Board, whose determination shall be described in a
statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all
purposes. For all purposes of this Agreement, the Current Market Price
of a Unit shall be equal to the Current Market Price of one share of
Preferred Stock divided by 1000.

(e) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment in
the Purchase Price shall be required unless such adjustment would require an
increase or decrease of at least one percent (1%) in the Purchase Price;
provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of this Section 11(e)
are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into account in
any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under this Section 11 shall be
made to the nearest cent or to the nearest hundred-thousandth of a share of
Common Stock or other share or one-ten-millionth of a share of Preferred
Stock, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section
11(e), any adjustment required by this Section 11 shall be made no later than
the earlier of (i) three (3) years from the date of the transaction which
mandates such adjustment, or (ii) the Expiration Date.

(f) If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii)
or Section 13(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall
become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock other than Preferred
Stock, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon exercise
of any Right and the Purchase Price thereof shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable
to the provisions with respect to the 

<PAGE>27

Preferred Stock contained in Sections 11(a), (b), (c), (e), (g), (h), (i),
(j), (k) and (m), and the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 13 and 14 hereof
with respect to the Preferred Stock shall apply on like terms to any such
other shares.

(g) All Rights originally issued by the Company subsequent to any
adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to
purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of one one-thousandths of
a share of Preferred Stock purchasable from time to time hereunder upon
exercise of the Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

(h) Unless the Company shall have exercised its election as provided in
Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a result of the
calculations made in Sections 11(b) and (c), each Right outstanding
immediately prior to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter evidence
the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, that number of one
one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (calculated to the nearest
one-ten-millionth) obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the number of one
one-thousandths of a share covered by a Right immediately prior to this
adjustment, by (y) the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such
adjustment of the Purchase Price, and (ii) dividing the product so obtained by
the Purchase Price in effect immediately after such adjustment of the Purchase
Price.

(i) The Company may elect on or after the date of any adjustment of the
Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in lieu of any adjustment in
the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock purchasable
upon the exercise of a Right. Each of the Rights outstanding after the
adjustment in the number of Rights shall be exercisable for the number of one
one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right was
exercisable immediately prior to such adjustment. Each Right held of record
prior to such adjustment of the number of Rights shall become that number of
Rights (calculated to the nearest one-ten-thousandth) obtained by dividing the
Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to adjustment of the Purchase Price
by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of the Purchase
Price. The Company shall make a public announcement of its election to adjust
the number of Rights, indicating the record date for the adjustment, and, if
known at the time, the amount of the adjustment to be made. This record date
may be the date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day thereafter,
but, if the Rights Certificates have been issued, shall be at least ten (10)
days later than the date of the public announcement. If Rights Certificates
have been issued, upon each adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to
this Section 

<PAGE>28

11(i), the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, cause to be distributed
to holders of record of Rights Certificates on such record date Rights
Certificates evidencing, subject to Section 14 hereof, the additional Rights
to which such holders shall be entitled as a result of such adjustment, or, at
the option of the Company, shall cause to be distributed to such holders of
record in substitution and replacement for the Rights Certificates held by
such holders prior to the date of adjustment, and upon surrender thereof, if
required by the Company, new Rights Certificates evidencing all the Rights to
which such holders shall be entitled after such adjustment. Rights
Certificates so to be distributed shall be issued, executed and countersigned
in the manner provided for herein (and may bear, at the option of the Company,
the adjusted Purchase Price) and shall be registered in the names of the
holders of record of Rights Certificates on the record date specified in the
public announcement.

(j) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price or
the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock issuable upon
the exercise of the Rights, the Rights Certificates theretofore and thereafter
issued may continue to express the Purchase Price per one one-thousandth of a
share and the number of one one-thousandths of a share which were expressed in
the initial Rights Certificates issued hereunder.

(k) Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment reducing the
Purchase Price below the then stated value, if any, of the number of one
one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the
Rights, the Company shall take any corporate action which may, in the opinion
of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally
issue fully paid and non-assessable such number of one one-thousandths of a
share of Preferred Stock at such adjusted Purchase Price.

(l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that an
adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date for a
specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of such
event the issuance to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date
the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock and other
capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such
exercise over and above the number of one one-thousandths of a share of
Preferred Stock and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any,
issuable upon such exercise on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior
to such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company shall deliver to such
holder a due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's
right to 

<PAGE>29

receive such additional shares (fractional or otherwise) or securities upon
the occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

(m) Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary notwithstanding, the
Company shall be entitled to make such reductions in the Purchase Price, in
addition to those adjustments expressly required by this Section 11, as and to
the extent that in their good faith judgment the Board of Directors of the
Company shall determine to be advisable in order that any (i) consolidation or
subdivision of the Preferred Stock, (ii) issuance wholly for cash of any
shares of Preferred Stock at less than the Current Market Price thereof, (iii)
issuance wholly for cash of shares of Preferred Stock or securities which by
their terms are convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Preferred
Stock, (iv) stock dividends, or (v) issuance of rights, options or warrants
referred to in this Section 11, hereafter made by the Company to holders of
its Preferred Stock shall not be taxable to such stockholders.

(n) The Company covenants and agrees that it shall not, at any time
after the Distribution Date, (i) consolidate with any other Person (other than
a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o)
hereof), (ii) merge with or into any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of
the Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or
(iii) sell or transfer (or permit any Subsidiary to sell or transfer), in one
transaction, or a series of related transactions, assets or earning power
aggregating more than 50% of the assets or earning power of the Company and
its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons (other than
the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries in one or more transactions each of
which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), if (x) at the time of or
immediately after such consolidation, merger or sale there are any rights,
warrants or other instruments or securities outstanding or agreements in
effect which would substantially diminish or otherwise eliminate the benefits
intended to be afforded by the Rights or (y) prior to, simultaneously with or
immediately after such consolidation, merger or sale, the shareholders of the
Person who constitutes, or would constitute, the Principal Party for purposes
of Section 13(a) hereof shall have received a distribution of Rights
previously owned by such Person or any of its Affiliates and Associates.

(o) The Company covenants and agrees that, after the Distribution Date,
it will not, except as permitted by Section 23 or Section 26 hereof, take (or
permit any Subsidiary to take) any action if at the time such action is taken
it is reasonably 

<PAGE>30

foreseeable that such action will diminish substantially or otherwise
eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights.

(p) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the
event that the Company shall at any time after the Rights Dividend Declaration
Date and prior to the Distribution Date (i) declare a dividend on the
outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii)
subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iii) combine the
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the number
of Rights associated with each share of Common Stock then outstanding, or
issued or delivered thereafter but prior to the Distribution Date, shall be
proportionately adjusted so that the number of Rights thereafter associated
with each share of Common Stock following any such event shall equal the
result obtained by multiplying the number of Rights associated with each share
of Common Stock immediately prior to such event by a fraction the numerator of
which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the occurrence of the event and the denominator of which
shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
following the occurrence of such event.

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares. 
Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 and Section 13
hereof, the Company shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth
such adjustment, the adjusted Purchase Price and a brief statement of the
facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) promptly file with the Rights Agent,
and with each transfer agent for the Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, a
copy of such certificate, and (c) mail a brief summary thereof to each holder
of a Rights Certificate (or, if prior to the Distribution Date, to each holder
of a certificate representing shares of Common Stock) in accordance with
Section 25 hereof. The Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying on
any such certificate and on any adjustment therein contained.

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets or Earning
Power.

(a) In the event that, following the Stock Acquisition Date, directly or
indirectly, (x) the Company shall consolidate with, or merge with and into,
any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction
which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), and the Company shall not be the
continuing or surviving corporation of such consolidation or merger, (y) any
Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in 

<PAGE>31

a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof) shall consolidate
with, or merge with or into, the Company, and the Company shall be the
continuing or surviving corporation of such consolidation or merger and, in
connection with such consolidation or merger, all or part of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock shall be changed into or exchanged for stock or other
securities of any other Person or cash or any other property, or (z) the
Company shall sell, mortgage or otherwise transfer (or one or more of its
Subsidiaries shall sell, mortgage or otherwise transfer), in one transaction
or a series of related transactions, assets or earning power aggregating more
than 50% of the assets or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(taken as a whole) to any Person or Persons (other than the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company in one or more transactions each of which complies
with Section 11(o) hereof), then, and in each such case (except as may be
contemplated by Section 13(d) hereof), proper provision shall be made so that: 
(i) each holder of a Right, except as provided in Section 7(e) hereof, shall
thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at the then
current Purchase Price in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such
number of validly authorized and issued, fully paid, non-assessable and freely
tradeable shares of Common Stock of the Principal Party, not subject to any
liens, encumbrances, rights of first refusal or other adverse claims, as shall
be equal to the result obtained by (1) multiplying the then current Purchase
Price by the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for
which a Right is exercisable immediately prior to the first occurrence of a
Section 13 Event (or, if a Section 11(a)(ii) Event has occurred prior to the
first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, multiplying the number of such one
one-thousandths of a share for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior
to the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event by the Purchase Price in
effect immediately prior to such first occurrence), and dividing that product
(which, following the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, shall be
referred to as the "Purchase Price" for each Right and for all purposes of
this Agreement) by (2) 50% of the Current Market Price (determined pursuant to
Section 11(d)(i) hereof) per share of the Common Stock of such Principal Party
on the date of consummation of such Section 13 Event; (ii) such Principal
Party shall thereafter be liable for, and shall assume, by virtue of such
Section 13 Event, all the obligations and duties of the Company pursuant to
this Agreement; (iii) the term "Company" shall thereafter be deemed to refer
to such Principal Party, it being specifically intended that the provisions of
Section 11 hereof shall apply only to such Principal Party following the first
occurrence of a Section 13 Event; (iv) such Principal Party shall take such
steps (including, but not limited to, the reservation of a sufficient number
of shares of its 

<PAGE>32

Common Stock) in connection with the consummation of any such transaction as
may be necessary to assure that the provisions hereof shall thereafter be
applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to its shares of
Common Stock thereafter deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights; and (v)
the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof shall be of no effect following the
first occurrence of any Section 13 Event.

(b) "Principal Party" shall mean

(i) in the case of any transaction described in clause (x) or (y)
of the first sentence of Section 13(a), the Person that is the issuer of
any securities into which shares of Common Stock of the Company are
converted in such merger or consolidation, and if no securities are so
issued, the Person that is the other party to such merger or
consolidation; and

(ii) in the case of any transaction described in clause (z) of the
first sentence of Section 13(a), the Person that is the party receiving
the greatest portion of the assets or earning power transferred pursuant
to such transaction or transactions;

provided, however, that in any such case, (1) if the Common Stock of such
Person is not at such time and has not been continuously over the preceding
twelve (12) month period registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and
such Person is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Person the Common
Stock of which is and has been so registered, "Principal Party" shall refer to
such other Person; and (2) in case such Person is a Subsidiary, directly or
indirectly, of more than one Person, the Common Stocks of two or more of which
are and have been so registered, "Principal Party" shall refer to whichever of
such Persons is the issuer of the Common Stock having the greatest aggregate
market value.

(c) The Company shall not consummate any such consolidation, merger,
sale or transfer unless the Principal Party shall have a sufficient number of
authorized shares of its Common Stock which have not been issued or reserved
for issuance to permit the exercise in full of the Rights in accordance with
this Section 13 and unless prior thereto the Company and such Principal Party
shall have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement
providing for the terms set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 13
and further providing that, as soon as practicable after the date of any
consolidation, merger or sale of assets mentioned in paragraph (a) of this
Section 13, the Principal Party will

<PAGE>33

(i) prepare and file a registration statement under the Act, with
respect to the Rights and the securities purchasable upon exercise of the
Rights on an appropriate form, and will use its best efforts to cause
such registration statement to (A) become effective as soon as
practicable after such filing and (B) remain effective (with a prospectus
at all times meeting the requirements of the Act) until the Expiration
Date; and

(ii) deliver to holders of the Rights historical financial
statements for the Principal Party and each of its Affiliates which
comply in all respects with the requirements for registration on Form 10
under the Exchange Act.

The provisions of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive mergers
or consolidations or sales or other transfers. In the event that a Section 13
Event shall occur at any time after the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii)
Event, the Rights which have not theretofore been exercised shall thereafter
become exercisable in the manner described in Section 13(a).

(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Section
13 shall not be applicable to a transaction described in subparagraphs (x) and
(y) of Section 13(a) if (i) such transaction is consummated with a Person or
Persons who acquired shares of Common Stock pursuant to a tender offer or
exchange offer for all outstanding shares of Common Stock which complies with
the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof regarding the determination of the
Continuing Directors and the members of the Board of Directors who are not
officers of the Company and who are not representatives, nominees, Affiliates
or Associates of an Acquiring Person (or a wholly owned subsidiary of any such
Person or Persons), (ii) the price per share of Common Stock offered in such
transaction is not less than the price per share of Common Stock paid to all
holders of shares of Common Stock whose shares were purchased pursuant to such
tender offer or exchange offer, and (iii) the form of consideration being
offered to the remaining holders of shares of Common Stock pursuant to such
transaction is the same as the form of consideration paid pursuant to such
tender offer or exchange offer. Upon consummation of any such transaction
contemplated by this Section 13(d), all Rights hereunder shall expire.

<PAGE>34

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares.

(a) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Rights,
except prior to the Distribution Date as provided in Section 11(p) hereof, or
to distribute Rights Certificates which evidence fractional Rights. In lieu
of such fractional Rights, there shall be paid to the registered holders of
the Rights Certificates with regard to which such fractional Rights would
otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the
current market value of a whole Right. For purposes of this Section 14(a),
the current market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the
Rights for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such
fractional Rights would have been otherwise issuable. The closing price of
the Rights for any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case
no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked
prices, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated
transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to
trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Rights are not listed or
admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the
principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities
listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Rights are
listed or admitted to trading, or if the Rights are not listed or admitted to
trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not
so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the
over-the-counter market, as reported by NASDAQ or such other system then in
use or, if on any such date the Rights are not quoted by any such
organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by
a professional market maker making a market in the Rights selected by the
Board of Directors of the Company. If on any such date no such market maker
is making a market in the Rights the fair value of the Rights on such date as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company shall be
used.

(b) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of shares of
Preferred Stock (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one
one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock) upon exercise of the Rights or
to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of Preferred Stock
(other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a
share of Preferred Stock). In lieu of fractional shares of Preferred Stock
that are not integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred
Stock, the Company may pay to the registered holders of Rights Certificates at
the time such Rights are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal 

<PAGE>35

to the same fraction of the current market value of one one-thousandth of a
share of Preferred Stock. For purposes of this Section 14(b), the current
market value of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock shall be one
one-thousandth of the closing price of a share of Preferred Stock (as
determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(ii) hereof) for the Trading Day
immediately prior to the date of such exercise.

(c) Following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, the Company shall
not be required to issue fractions of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
the Rights or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of
Common Stock. In lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock, the Company may
pay to the registered holders of Rights Certificates at the time such Rights
are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction
of the Current Market Value of one (1) share of Common Stock. For purposes of
this Section 14(c), the Current Market Value of one share of Common Stock
shall be the closing price of one share of Common Stock (as determined
pursuant to Section 11(d)(i) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to
the date of such exercise.

(d) The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the Rights expressly
waives his right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional shares
upon exercise of a Right, except as permitted by this Section 14.

Section 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in respect of this
Agreement, excepting the rights of action given to the Rights Agent, are
vested in the respective registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and,
prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders of the Common Stock);
and any registered holder of any Rights Certificate (or, prior to the
Distribution Date, of the Common Stock), without the consent of the Rights
Agent or of the holder of any other Rights Certificate (or, prior to the
Distribution Date, of the Common Stock), may, in his own behalf and for his
own benefit, enforce, and may institute and maintain any suit, action or
proceeding against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, his
right to exercise the Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate in the
manner provided in such Rights Certificate and in this Agreement. Without
limiting the foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it
is specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have an
adequate remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement and shall be entitled
to specific performance of the obligations hereunder and injunctive relief
against actual or threatened violations of the obligations hereunder of any
Person subject to this Agreement.

<PAGE>36

Section 16. Agreement of Rights Holders. Every holder of a Right by
accepting the same consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights Agent
and with every other holder of a Right that:

(a) prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be transferable only
in connection with the transfer of Common Stock;

(b) after the Distribution Date, the Rights Certificates are
transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered at
the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purposes, duly
endorsed or accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer and with the
appropriate forms and certificates fully executed;

(c) subject to Section 6(a) and Section 7(f) hereof, the Company and the
Rights Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name a Rights Certificate
(or, prior to the Distribution Date, the associated Common Stock certificate)
is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced
thereby (notwithstanding any notations of ownership or writing on the Rights
Certificates or the associated Common Stock certificate made by anyone other
than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and neither
the Company nor the Rights Agent, subject to the last sentence of Section 7(e)
hereof, shall be required to be affected by any notice to the contrary; and

(d) notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither
the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any liability to any holder of a
Right or other Person as a result of its inability to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement by reason of any preliminary or permanent
injunction or other order, decree or ruling issued by a court of competent
jurisdiction or by a governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or
commission, or any statute, rule, regulation or executive order promulgated or
enacted by any governmental authority, prohibiting or otherwise restraining
performance of such obligation; provided, however, the Company must use its
best efforts to have any such order, decree or ruling lifted or otherwise
overturned as soon as possible.

Section 17. Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder. No holder,
as such, of any Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote, receive
dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the number of one
one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock or any other securities of the
Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise of the Rights
represented thereby, nor shall anything contained herein or in any Rights
Certificate be construed to confer upon the holder of any Rights 

<PAGE>37

Certificate, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any
right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to
stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any
corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting
stockholders (except as provided in Section 24 hereof), or to receive
dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights
evidenced by such Rights Certificate shall have been exercised in accordance
with the provisions hereof.

Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent.

(a) The Company agrees to pay to the Rights Agent such compensation as
shall be agreed to in writing between the Company and the Rights Agent for all
services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time, on demand of the
Rights Agent, its reasonable expenses and counsel fees and disbursements and
other disbursements incurred in the administration and execution of this
Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder. The
Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and to hold it harmless
against, any loss, liability, or expense, incurred without negligence, bad
faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights Agent, for anything done
or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection with the acceptance and
administration of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the costs and
expenses of defending against any claim of liability in the premises.

(b) The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no liability for
or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in connection
with its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any Rights
Certificate or certificate for Common Stock or for other securities of the
Company, instrument of assignment or transfer, power of attorney, endorsement,
affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent, certificate, statement, or
other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to be signed and
executed, and where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by the proper Person
or Persons, or otherwise upon the advice of counsel as set forth in Section 20
hereof. 

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent.

(a) Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights
Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation
resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any
successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the 

<PAGE>38

corporate trust business of the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent,
shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the
execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the
parties hereto; provided, however, that such corporation would be eligible for
appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 21
hereof. In case at the time such successor Rights Agent shall succeed to the
agency created by this Agreement, any of the Rights Certificates shall have
been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may
adopt the countersignature of a predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such
Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the
Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Rights
Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in the name of the
predecessor or in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such
cases such Rights Certificates shall have the full force provided in the
Rights Certificates and in this Agreement.

(b) In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be changed
and at such time any of the Rights Certificates shall have been countersigned
but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature under its
prior name and deliver Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in case at
that time any of the Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned,
the Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in its prior
name or in its changed name; and in all such cases such Rights Certificates
shall have the full force provided in the Rights Certificates and in this
Agreement.

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent undertakes the duties
and obligations expressly imposed by this Agreement, and no implied duties or
obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Rights Agent, upon
the following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the
holders of Rights Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

(a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel of its selection
(who may be legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion of such counsel
shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as
to any action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such
opinion.

(b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the
Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter
(including, without limitation, the identity of any Acquiring Person and the
determination of "Current Market Price") be proved or established by the
Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or 

<PAGE>39

matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically
prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a
certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice
President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any
Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent; and such
certificate shall be full authorization to the Rights Agent for any action
taken or suffered in good faith by it under the provisions of this Agreement
in reliance upon such certificate.

(c) The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.

(d) The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any of the
statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the Rights
Certificates or be required to verify the same (except as to its
countersignature on such Rights Certificates), but all such statements and
recitals are and shall be deemed to have been made by the Company only.

(e) The Rights Agent shall not be under any responsibility in respect of
the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof (except
the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the validity or
execution of any Rights Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); nor
shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or
condition contained in this Agreement or in any Rights Certificate; nor shall
it be responsible for any change in the exercisability of the Rights
(including the Rights becoming void pursuant to Section 7(e) hereof); nor
shall it be responsible for any adjustment required under the provisions of
Section 11 or Section 13 hereof or responsible for the manner, method or
amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts
that would require any such adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of
Rights evidenced by Rights Certificates after actual notice of any such
adjustment); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any
representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any
shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to this
Agreement or any Rights Certificate or as to whether any shares of Common
Stock or Preferred Stock will, when so issued, be validly authorized and
issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(f) The Company agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and
deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and delivered all
such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be
required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing by the Rights
Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

<PAGE>40

(g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to accept
instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from the
Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary, any
Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of the Company,
and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with
its duties, and it shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered to be
taken by it in good faith in accordance with instructions of any such officer
or for any delay in acting while waiting for those instructions.

(h) The Rights Agent and any stockholder, director, officer or employee
of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or other
securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction
in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to the
Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not Rights
Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent
from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal
entity.

(i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or
powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or by
or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not be
answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any
such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company resulting from any
such act, default, neglect or misconduct; provided, however, reasonable care
was exercised in the selection thereof.

(j) No provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights Agent to
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the
performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its rights if
there shall be reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds
or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not reasonably
assured to it.

(k) If, with respect to any Rights Certificate surrendered to the Rights
Agent for exercise or transfer, the certificate attached to the form of
assignment or form of election to purchase, as the case may be, has either not
been completed or indicates an affirmative response to clause 1 and/or 2
thereof, the Rights Agent shall not take any further action with respect to
such requested exercise of transfer without first consulting with the Company.

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent or any successor Rights
Agent may resign and be discharged from its 

<PAGE>41

duties under this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' notice in writing mailed to
the Company. The Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights
Agent upon thirty (30) days' notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent or
successor Rights Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the
Common Stock and Preferred Stock, by registered or certified mail, and to the
holders of the Rights Certificates by first-class mail. If the Rights Agent
shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the
Company shall appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the Company shall
fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after giving
notice of such removal or after it has been notified in writing of such
resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by
the holder of a Rights Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit his
Rights Certificate for inspection by the Company), then the Company shall
become the Rights Agent until a successor Rights Agent has been appointed, and
any registered holder of any Rights Certificate may apply to any court of
competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any
successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a court,
shall be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the
United States or of the State of New York (or of any other state of the United
States so long as such corporation is authorized to do business as a banking
institution in the State of New York), in good standing, having a principal
office in the State of New York, which is authorized under such laws to
exercise corporate trust powers and is subject to supervision or examination
by federal or state authority and which has at the time of its appointment as
Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000. After
appointment, the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers,
rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as
Rights Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent
shall deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the
time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance,
conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the
effective date of any such appointment, the Company shall file notice thereof
in writing with the predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the
Common Stock and the Preferred Stock, and mail a notice thereof in writing to
the registered holders of the Rights Certificates. Failure to give any notice
provided for in this Section 21, however, or any defect therein, shall not
affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights
Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be.

<PAGE>42

Section 22. Issuance of New Rights Certificates. Notwithstanding any of the
provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary, the Company
may, at its option, subject to Section 4 hereof, issue new Rights Certificates
evidencing Rights in such form as may be approved by its Board of Directors to
reflect any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind
or class of shares or other securities or property purchasable under the
Rights Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
In addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock
following the Distribution Date and prior to the redemption or expiration of
the Rights, the Company (a) shall, with respect to shares of Common Stock so
issued or sold pursuant to the exercise of stock options or under any employee
plan or arrangement, granted or awarded as of the Distribution Date, or upon
the exercise, conversion or exchange of securities hereinafter issued by the
Company, and (b) may, in any other case, if deemed necessary or appropriate by
the Board of Directors of the Company, issue Rights Certificates representing
the appropriate number of Rights in connection with such issuance or sale;
provided, however, that (i) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and
to the extent that, the Company shall be advised by counsel that such issuance
would create a significant risk of material adverse tax consequences to the
Company or the Person to whom such Rights Certificate would be issued, and
(ii) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent that,
appropriate adjustment shall otherwise have been made in lieu of the issuance
thereof.

Section 23. Redemption and Termination.

(a) The Company may, by a resolution of its Board of Directors (which
resolution shall, if adopted following the Stock Acquisition Date, be
effective only with the concurrence of a majority of the Continuing Directors
and only if the Continuing Directors constitute a majority of the number of
directors then in office), at its option, at any time prior to the earlier of
(i) the close of business on the tenth day following the Stock Acquisition
Date (or, if the Stock Acquisition Date shall have occurred prior to the
Record Date, the close of business on the tenth day following the Record
Date), or (ii) the Final Expiration Date, redeem all but not less than all the
then outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $.01 per Right, as such
amount may be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock
dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof (such
redemption price being hereinafter referred to as the "Redemption Price"). 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Rights shall not be exercisable after the first occurrence of a Section
11(a)(ii) Event until such time as the Company's right of redemption hereunder
has expired. The Company 

<PAGE>43

may, at its option, pay the Redemption Price in cash, shares of Common Stock
(based on the Current Market Price of the Common Stock at the time of
redemption) or any other form of consideration deemed appropriate by the Board
of Directors.

(b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the Company
ordering the redemption of the Rights, evidence of which shall have been filed
with the Rights Agent and without any further action and without any notice,
the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter
of the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price for each
Right so held. Promptly after the action of the Board of Directors ordering
the redemption of the Rights, the Company shall give notice of such redemption
to the Rights Agent and the holders of the then outstanding Rights by mailing
such notice to all such holders at each holder's last address as it appears
upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the Distribution
Date, on the registry books of the Transfer Agent for the Common Stock. Any
notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given,
whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of redemption
will state the method by which the payment of the Redemption Price will be
made.

Section 24. Notice of Certain Events.

(a) In case the Company shall propose, at any time after the
Distribution Date, (i) to pay any dividend payable in stock of any class to
the holders of Preferred Stock or to make any other distribution to the
holders of Preferred Stock (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend out
of earnings or retained earnings of the Company), or (ii) to offer to the
holders of Preferred Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or to purchase
any additional shares of Preferred Stock or shares of stock of any class or
any other securities, rights or options, or (iii) to effect any
reclassification of its Preferred Stock (other than a reclassification
involving only the subdivision of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock), or
(iv) to effect any consolidation or merger into or with any other Person
(other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which complies with
Section 11(o) hereof), or to effect any sale or other transfer (or to permit
one or more of its Subsidiaries to effect any sale or other transfer), in one
transaction or a series of related transactions, of more than 50% of the
assets or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole)
to any other Person or Persons (other than the Company and/or any of its
Subsidiaries in one or more transactions each of which complies with Section
11(o) hereof), or (v) to effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Company, then, in each such case, the Company shall give to each holder of
a Rights Certificate and to the Rights Agent, to 

<PAGE>44

the extent feasible and in accordance with Section 25 hereof, a notice of such
proposed action, which shall specify the record date for the purposes of such
stock dividend, distribution of rights or warrants, or the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up is to take place and the date of participation
therein by the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock, if any such date is
to be fixed, and such notice shall be so given in the case of any action
covered by clause (i) or (ii) above at least twenty (20) days prior to the
record date for determining holders of the shares of Preferred Stock for
purposes of such action, and in the case of any such other action, at least
twenty (20) days prior to the date of the taking of such proposed action or
the date of participation therein by the holders of the shares of Preferred
Stock whichever shall be the earlier.

(b) In case any of the events set forth in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof
shall occur, then, in any such case, (i) the Company shall as soon as
practicable thereafter give to each holder of a Rights Certificate, to the
extent feasible and in accordance with Section 25 hereof, a notice of the
occurrence of such event, which shall specify the event and the consequences
of the event to holders of Rights under Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, and (ii) all
references in the preceding paragraph to Preferred Stock shall be deemed
thereafter to refer to Common Stock and/or, if appropriate, other securities.

Section 25. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be
given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Rights Certificate
to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by
first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed
in writing with the Rights Agent) as follows:

Mueller Industries, Inc.
2959 North Rock Road
Wichita, Kansas 67226-1191
Attention: Corporate Secretary

Subject to the provisions of Section 21, any notice or demand authorized by
this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any
Rights Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or
made if sent by first-class mail, 

<PAGE>45

postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the
Company) as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
2 Broadway
New York, New York 10004
Attention: Compliance Department

Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the
Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Rights Certificate (or, if
prior to the Distribution Date, to the holder of certificates representing
shares of Common Stock) shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by
first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such holder at the address of
such holder as shown on the registry books of the Company.

Section 26. Supplements and Amendments. Prior to the Distribution Date and
subject to the penultimate sentence of this Section 26, the Company may by
resolution of its Board of Directors (which resolution, if adopted following
the Stock Acquisition Date, shall be effective only with the concurrence of a
majority of the Continuing Directors and only if the Continuing Directors
constitute a majority of the number of directors then in office) and the
Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend any
provision of this Agreement without the approval of any holders of
certificates representing shares of Common Stock. From and after the
Distribution Date and subject to the penultimate sentence of this Section 26,
the Company may by resolution of its Board of Directors (which resolution, if
adopted following the Stock Acquisition Date, shall be effective only with the
concurrence of a majority of the Continuing Directors and only if the
Continuing Directors constitute a majority of the number of directors then in
office) and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or
amend this Agreement without the approval of any holders of Rights
Certificates in order (i) to cure any ambiguity, (ii) to correct or supplement
any provision contained herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any
other provisions herein, (iii) to shorten or lengthen any time period
hereunder, or (iv) to change or supplement the provisions hereunder in any
manner which the Company may deem necessary or desirable and which, in the
case of this clause (iv), shall not adversely affect the interests of the
holders of Rights Certificates (other than an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate
or Associate of an Acquiring Person); provided, however, that this Agreement
may not be supplemented or amended to lengthen, pursuant to clause (iii) of
this sentence, (A) a time period relating to when the Rights may be redeemed
at such time as the Rights are not then redeemable, or (B) any other time
period unless such lengthening is for the purpose of protecting, enhancing or 

<PAGE>46

clarifying the rights of, and/or the benefits to, the holders of Rights. Upon
the delivery of a certificate from an appropriate officer of the Company which
states that the proposed supplement or amendment is in compliance with the
terms of this Section 26, the Rights Agent shall execute such supplement or
amendment. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary, no supplement or amendment shall be made which changes the
Redemption Price, the Final Expiration Date, the Purchase Price or the number
of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right is
exercisable. Prior to the Distribution Date, the interests of the holders of
Rights shall be deemed coincident with the interests of the holders of Common
Stock.

Section 27. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement
by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure
to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.

Section 28. Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors, etc. For
all purposes of this Agreement, any calculation of the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding at any particular time, including for purposes of
determining the particular percentage of such outstanding shares of Common
Stock of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner, shall be made in accordance
with the last sentence of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Exchange Act. The Board of Directors of the Company
shall have the exclusive power and authority to administer this Agreement and
to exercise all rights and powers specifically granted to the Board or to the
Company, or as may be necessary or advisable in the administration of this
Agreement, including, without limitation, the right and power to (i) interpret
the provisions of this Agreement, and (ii) make all determinations deemed
necessary or advisable for the administration of this Agreement (including a
determination to redeem or not redeem the Rights or to amend the Agreement). 
All such actions, calculations, interpretations and determinations (including,
for purposes of clause (y) below, all omissions with respect to the foregoing)
which are done or made by the Board (with, where specifically provided for
herein, the concurrence of the Continuing Directors and the members of the
Board of Directors who are not officers of the Company and who are not
representatives, nominees, Affiliates or Associates of an Acquiring Person) in
good faith, shall (x) be final, conclusive and binding on the Company, the
Rights Agent, the holders of the Rights and all other parties, and (y) not
subject the Board, the Continuing Directors or the members of the Board of
Directors who are not officers of the Company and who are not representatives,
nominees, Affiliates or Associates of an Acquiring Person, to any liability to
the holders of the Rights.

<PAGE>47

Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights Agent and
the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the
Distribution Date, registered holders of the Common Stock) any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement
shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent
and the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the
Distribution Date, registered holders of the Common Stock).

Section 30. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of
this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions,
covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated; provided,
however, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if
any such term, provision, covenant or restriction is held by such court or
authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable and the Board of Directors of
the Company determines in its good faith judgment that severing the invalid
language from this Agreement would adversely affect the purpose or effect of
this Agreement, the right of redemption set forth in Section 23 hereof shall
be reinstated and shall not expire until the close of business on the tenth
day following the date of such determination by the Board of Directors.

Section 31. Governing Law. This Agreement, each Right and each Rights
Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the
laws of the State of Delaware and for all purposes shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts
made and to be performed entirely within such State.

Section 32. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to
be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one
and the same instrument.

Section 33. Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings of the several
Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not
control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

<PAGE>48

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed and their respective corporate seals to be hereunto affixed
and attested, all as of the day and year first above written.

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: /s/ William H. Hensley 
Name: William H. Hensley
Title:Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER
& TRUST COMPANY
as Rights Agent

By: /s/ William F. Seegraber 
Name: William F. Seegraber
Title: Vice President

<PAGE>49

Exhibit A

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION, PREFERENCES AND
RIGHTS OF SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK

of

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC.

Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware

We, Harvey L. Karp, Chairman of the Board, and William H. Hensley,
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, of Mueller Industries, Inc., a
corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, in accordance with the provisions of Section 103 thereof,
DO HEREBY CERTIFY:

That pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors
by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the said
Corporation, the said Board of Directors on November 10, 1994, adopted the
following resolution creating a series of 15,000 shares of Preferred Stock
designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock:

RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of
Directors of this Corporation in accordance with the provisions of its
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, a series of Preferred Stock of the
Corporation be and it hereby is created, and that the designation and amount
thereof and the voting powers, preferences and relative, participating,
optional and other special rights of the shares of such series, and the
qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof are as follows:

Section 1. Designation and Amount. The shares of such series shall
be designated as "Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock" and the
number of shares constituting such series shall be 15,000.

Section 2. Dividends and Distributions.

(A) Subject to the prior and superior rights of the holders of any
shares of any series of Preferred Stock ranking prior and superior to the
shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock with respect to
dividends, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors out of 

<PAGE>50

funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash
on the first day of January, April, July and October in each year (each such
date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"),
commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first
issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to
the greater of (a) $.01 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment
hereinafter set forth, 1000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash
dividends, and 1000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of
all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in
shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock,
without par value, of the Corporation (the "Common Stock") since the
immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the
first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share
or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. In
the event the Corporation shall at any time after November 10, 1994 (the
"Rights Declaration Date") (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in
shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii)
combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in
each such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event
under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying
such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of
which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding
immediately prior to such event.

(B) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (A)
above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common
Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock); provided,
however, that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been
declared on the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a
dividend of $.01 per share on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date.

(C) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on
outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock from the
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such
shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of
issue of such shares is prior to the 

<PAGE>51

record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case
dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such
shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is
a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly
dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which
events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear
interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at
the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a
share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board
of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares
of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment
of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no
more than thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

Section 3. Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

(A) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth,
each share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the
holder thereof to 1000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the
stockholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any
time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common
Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common
Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders
of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock were entitled
immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number
by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to
such event.

(B) Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the holders of
shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of
shares of Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation.

(C) (i) If at any time dividends on any Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in an amount 

<PAGE>52

equal to six (6) quarterly dividends thereon, the occurrence of such
contingency shall mark the beginning of a period (herein called a "default
period") which shall extend until such time when all accrued and unpaid
dividends for all previous quarterly dividend periods and for the current
quarterly dividend period on all shares of Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock then outstanding shall have been declared and paid or set
apart for payment. During each default period, all holders of Preferred Stock
(including holders of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock) with
dividends in arrears in an amount equal to six (6) quarterly dividends
thereon, voting as a class, irrespective of series, shall have the right to
elect two (2) Directors.

(ii) During any default period, such voting right of the holders of
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be exercised initially at a
special meeting called pursuant to subparagraph (iii) of this Section 3(C) or
at any annual meeting of stockholders, and thereafter at annual meetings of
stockholders, provided that neither such voting right nor the right of the
holders of any other series of Preferred Stock, if any, to increase, in
certain cases, the authorized number of Directors shall be exercised unless
the holders of ten percent (10%) in number of shares of Preferred Stock
outstanding shall be present in person or by proxy. The absence of a quorum
of the holders of Common Stock shall not affect the exercise by the holders of
Preferred Stock of such voting right. At any meeting at which the holders of
Preferred Stock shall exercise such voting right initially during an existing
default period, they shall have the right, voting as a class, to elect
Directors to fill such vacancies, if any, in the Board of Directors as may
then exist up to two (2) Directors or, if such right is exercised at an annual
meeting, to elect two (2) Directors. If the number which may be so elected at
any special meeting does not amount to the required number, the holders of the
Preferred Stock shall have the right to make such increase in the number of
Directors as shall be necessary to permit the election by them of the required
number. After the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have exercised their
right to elect Directors in any default period and during the continuance of
such period, the number of Directors shall not be increased or decreased
except by vote of the holders of Preferred Stock as herein provided or
pursuant to the rights of any equity securities ranking senior to or pari
passu with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock.

(iii) Unless the holders of Preferred Stock shall, during an
existing default period, have previously exercised their right to elect
Directors, the Board of Directors may order, or any stockholder or
stockholders owning in the aggregate not less than 

<PAGE>53

ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock
outstanding, irrespective of series, may request, the calling of a special
meeting of the holders of Preferred Stock, which meeting shall thereupon be
called by the President, a Vice-President or the Secretary of the Corporation. 
Notice of such meeting and of any annual meeting at which holders of Preferred
Stock are entitled to vote pursuant to this paragraph (C)(iii) shall be given
to each holder of record of Preferred Stock by mailing a copy of such notice
to him at his last address as the same appears on the books of the
Corporation. Such meeting shall be called for a time not earlier than twenty
(20) days and not later than sixty (60) days after such order or request or in
default of the calling of such meeting within sixty (60) days after such order
or request, such meeting may be called on similar notice by any stockholder or
stockholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the
total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this paragraph (C)(iii), no such special meeting shall be called
during the period within sixty (60) days immediately preceding the date fixed
for the next annual meeting of the stockholders.

(iv) In any default period, the holders of Common Stock, and other
classes of stock of the Corporation if applicable, shall continue to be
entitled to elect the whole number of Directors until the holders of Preferred
Stock shall have exercised their right to elect two (2) Directors voting as a
class, after the exercise of which right (x) the Directors so elected by the
holders of Preferred Stock shall continue in office until their successors
shall have been elected by such holders or until the expiration of the default
period, and (y) any vacancy in the Board of Directors may (except as provided
in paragraph (C)(ii) of this Section 3) be filled by vote of a majority of the
remaining Directors theretofore elected by the holders of the class of stock
which elected the Director whose office shall have become vacant. References
in this paragraph (C) to Directors elected by the holders of a particular
class of stock shall include Directors elected by such Directors to fill
vacancies as provided in clause (y) of the foregoing sentence.

(v) Immediately upon the expiration of a default period, (x) the
right of the holders of Preferred Stock as a class to elect Directors shall
cease, (y) the term of any Directors elected by the holders of Preferred Stock
as a class shall terminate, and (z) the number of Directors shall be such
number as may be provided for in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws
irrespective of any increase made pursuant to the provisions of paragraph
(C)(ii) of this Section 3 (such number being subject, however, to change
thereafter in any manner provided by law or in the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws). Any vacancies in the Board of Directors 

<PAGE>54

effected by the provisions of clauses (y) and (z) in the preceding sentence
may be filled by a majority of the remaining Directors.

(D) Except as set forth herein, holders of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their
consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote
with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate
action.

Section 4. Certain Restrictions.

(A) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or
distributions payable on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as
provided in Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and
unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid
in full, the Corporation shall not:

(i) declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions
on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any
shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock;

(ii) declare or pay dividends on or make any other
distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series
A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on
the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and all such parity
stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the
total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled;

(iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for
consideration shares of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series
A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may
at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such
parity stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Corporation
ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon dissolution, liquidation
or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock;

(iv) purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any
shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, or any shares of
stock ranking on a parity 

<PAGE>55

with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except in accordance
with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the
Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as the Board
of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual dividend rates and
other relative rights and preferences of the respective series and classes,
shall determine in good faith will result in fair and equitable treatment
among the respective series or classes.

(B) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the
Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of
stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph (A) of
this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in
such manner.

Section 5. Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the
Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly
after the acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation
become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued
as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or
resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to the conditions and
restrictions on issuance set forth herein.

Section 6. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (A) Upon any
liquidation (voluntary or otherwise), dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock
ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior
thereto, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock shall have received $30 per share, plus an amount equal to accrued and
unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the
date of such payment (the "Series A Liquidation Preference"). Following the
payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference, no
additional distributions shall be made to the holders of shares of Series A
Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of
shares of Common Stock shall have received an amount per share (the "Common
Adjustment") equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Series A
Liquidation Preference by (ii) 1000 (as appropriately adjusted as set forth in
subparagraph C below to reflect such events as stock splits, stock dividends
and recapitalizations with respect to the Common Stock) (such number in clause
(ii), the "Adjustment Number"). Following the payment of the full amount of
the Series A Liquidation Preference and the Common Adjustment in respect of
all outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating 

<PAGE>56

Preferred Stock and Common Stock, respectively, holders of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock and holders of shares of Common Stock shall
receive their ratable and proportionate share of the remaining assets to be
distributed in the ratio of the Adjustment Number to 1 with respect to such
Preferred Stock and Common Stock, on a per share basis, respectively.

(B) In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets
available to permit payment in full of the Series A Liquidation Preference and
the liquidation preferences of all other series of preferred stock, if any,
which rank on a parity with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock,
then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of such
parity shares in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences. In
the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available to permit
payment in full of the Common Adjustment, then such remaining assets shall be
distributed ratably to the holders of Common Stock.

(C) In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights
Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock, or (iii) combine
the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each
such case the Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event
shall be adjusted by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

Section 7. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation
shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction
in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other
stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the
shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time
be similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share (subject to the
provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to 1000 times the
aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable
in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common
Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time
after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common
Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of
shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence
with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Junior
Participating 

<PAGE>57

Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

Section 8. No Redemption. The shares of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.

Section 9. Ranking. The Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock shall rank junior to all other series of the Corporation's Preferred
Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, unless
the terms of any such series shall provide otherwise.

Section 10. Amendment. The Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended, of the Corporation shall not be further amended in any manner
which would materially alter or change the powers, preferences or special
rights of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect
them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or
more of the outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, voting separately as a class.

Section 11. Fractional Shares. Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock may be issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the
holder, in proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to exercise voting
rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the
benefit of all other rights of holders of Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock.

<PAGE>58

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have executed and subscribed this Certificate
and do affirm the foregoing as true under the penalties of perjury this 10th
day of November, 1994.

Harvey L. Karp 
Harvey L. Karp
Chairman of the Board

William H. Hensley 
William H. Hensley
Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary

<PAGE>59

Exhibit B

[Form of Rights Certificate]

Certificate No. R- Rights

NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER NOVEMBER 10, 2004 OR EARLIER IF REDEEMED BY THE COMPANY. 
THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION, AT THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY, AT $.01
PER RIGHT ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT. UNDER CERTAIN
CIRCUMSTANCES, RIGHTS BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERM
IS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) AND ANY SUBSEQUENT HOLDER OF SUCH RIGHTS
MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID. [THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE
ARE OR WERE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY A PERSON WHO WAS OR BECAME AN ACQUIRING
PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERMS ARE
DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT). ACCORDINGLY, THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE AND
THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES
SPECIFIED IN SECTION 7(e) OF SUCH AGREEMENT.]* 

Rights Certificate

Mueller Industries, Inc.

This certifies that , or registered
assigns, is the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each
of which entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and
conditions of the Rights Agreement, dated as of November 10, 1994 (the "Rights
Agreement"), between Mueller Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a limited purpose 

* The portion of the legend in brackets shall be inserted only if
applicable and shall replace the preceding sentence.
<PAGE>60

company organized under the Banking Law of the State of New York (the "Rights
Agent"), to purchase from the Company at any time prior to 5:00 P.M. (New York
City time) on November 10, 2004 at the office or offices of the Rights Agent
designated for such purpose, or its successors as Rights Agent, one
one-thousandth of a fully paid, nonassessable share of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Stock") of the Company, at a
purchase price of $160 per one one-thousandth of a share (the "Purchase
Price"), upon presentation and surrender of this Rights Certificate with the
Form of Election to Purchase and related Certificate duly executed. The
number of Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate (and the number of
shares which may be purchased upon exercise thereof) set forth above, and the
Purchase Price per share set forth above, are the number and Purchase Price as
of November 10, 1994, based on the Preferred Stock as constituted at such
date. The Company reserves the right to require prior to the occurrence of a
Triggering Event (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) that a
number of Rights be exercised so that only whole shares of Preferred Stock
will be issued.
Upon the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event (as such term is
defined in the Rights Agreement), if the Rights evidenced by this Rights
Certificate are beneficially owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate
or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in the
Rights Agreement), (ii) a transferee of any such Acquiring Person, Associate
or Affiliate, or 

<PAGE>61

(iii) under certain circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement, a
transferee of a person who, after such transfer, became an Acquiring Person,
or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person, such Rights shall become
null and void and no holder hereof shall have any right with respect to such
Rights from and after the occurrence of such Section 11(a)(ii) Event.
As provided in the Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price and the
number and kind of shares of Preferred Stock or other securities, which may be
purchased upon the exercise of the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate
are subject to modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain
events, including Triggering Events.
This Rights Certificate is subject to all of the terms, provisions
and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and conditions
are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and to
which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description of the
rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of
the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Rights Certificates,
which limitations of rights include the temporary suspension of the
exercisability of such Rights under the specific circumstances set forth in
the Rights Agreement. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the
above-mentioned office of the Rights Agent and are also available upon written
request to the Rights Agent.

<PAGE>62

This Rights Certificate, with or without other Rights Certificates,
upon surrender at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent
designated for such purpose, may be exchanged for another Rights Certificate
or Rights Certificates of like tenor and date evidencing Rights entitling the
holder to purchase a like aggregate number of one one-thousandths of a share
of Preferred Stock as the Rights evidenced by the Rights Certificate or Rights
Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase. If this
Rights Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled to
receive upon surrender hereof another Rights Certificate or Rights
Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.
Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights
evidenced by this Certificate may be redeemed by the Company at its option at
a redemption price of $.01 per Right at any time prior to the earlier of the
close of business on (i) the tenth day following the Stock Acquisition Date
(as such time period may be extended pursuant to the Rights Agreement), and
(ii) the Final Expiration Date.
No fractional shares of Preferred Stock will be issued upon the
exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which
are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock,
which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary
receipts), but in lieu thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the
Rights Agreement.

<PAGE>63

No holder of this Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote or
receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of shares of
Preferred Stock or of any other securities of the Company which may at any
time be issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the
Rights Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as
such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote
for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at
any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action,
or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders
(except as provided in the Rights Agreement), or to receive dividends or
subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this
Rights Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in the Rights
Agreement.

<PAGE>64

This Rights Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any
purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.
WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the
Company and its corporate seal.

Dated as of , 199 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC.

By 
Title:

Countersigned:

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER
& TRUST COMPANY

By 
Authorized Officer

<PAGE>65

[Form of Reverse Side of Rights Certificate]

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered holder if such
holder desires to transfer the Rights Certificate.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED 

hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

(Please print name and address of transferee)

this Rights Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein,
and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint 
Attorney, to transfer the within Rights Certificate on the books of the
within-named Company, with full power of substitution.

Dated: , 199 

Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

<PAGE>66

Certificate
The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes
that:
(1) this Rights Certificate [ ] is [ ] is not being sold, assigned
and transferred by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring Person
or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such terms are
defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement);
(2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned,
the undersigned [ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this
Rights Certificate from any Person who is, was or subsequently became an
Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person.

Dated: , 19 
Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

NOTICE

The signature to the foregoing Assignment and Certificate must
correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Rights Certificate in
every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

<PAGE>67

FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

(To be executed if holder desires to
exercise Rights represented by the
Rights Certificate.)

To: Mueller Industries, Inc.:
The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
Rights represented by this Rights Certificate to purchase the
shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Rights (or such
other securities of the Company or of any other person which may be issuable
upon the exercise of the Rights) and requests that certificates for such
shares be issued in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

(Please print name and address)

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by
this Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate for the balance of such
Rights shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

<PAGE>68

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

(Please print name and address)

Dated: , 19 

Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

Certificate
The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes
that:
(1) the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate [ ] are [ ] are
not being exercised by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring
Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such
terms are defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement);
(2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned,
the undersigned [ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this
Rights Certificate from any Person who is, was or became an Acquiring Person
or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person.

Dated: , 199 
Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

<PAGE>69

NOTICE

The signature to the foregoing Election to Purchase and Certificate
must correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Rights
Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any
change whatsoever.

<PAGE>70

SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE
PREFERRED STOCK

On November 10, 1994, the Board of Directors of Mueller Industries, Inc.
(the "Company") declared a dividend distribution of one Right for each
outstanding share of the Company's common stock, $.01 par value (the "Common
Stock"), to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 21,
1994. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company
a unit consisting initially of one one-thousandth of a share (a "Unit") of
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the
"Preferred Stock"), at a Purchase Price of $160 per Unit, subject to
adjustment. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights
Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") between the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent.

Initially, the Rights will be attached to all Common Stock certificates
representing shares then outstanding, and no separate Rights Certificates will
be distributed. The Rights will separate from the Common Stock and a
Distribution Date will occur upon the earlier of (i) ten (10) days (or such
later date as the Board shall determine) following a public announcement that
a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an "Acquiring Person")
has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock (the "Stock Acquisition Date"), or (ii) ten (10) business days
(or such later date as the Board shall determine) following the commencement
of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group
beneficially owning 15% or more of such outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will be evidenced by the Common
Stock certificates and will be transferred with and only with such Common
Stock certificates, (ii) new Common Stock certificates issued after November
21, 1994 will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by
reference, and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any certificates for Common
Stock outstanding will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated
with the Common Stock represented by such certificate. Pursuant to the Rights
Agreement, the Company reserves the right to require prior to the occurrence
of a Triggering Event (as defined below) that, upon any exercise of Rights, a
number of Rights be exercised so that only whole shares of Preferred Stock
will be issued.

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will
expire at the close of business on November 10, 2004, unless earlier redeemed
by the Company as described below.

As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, Rights Certificates
will be mailed to holders of record of the Common 

<PAGE>71

Stock as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter,
the separate Rights Certificates alone will represent the Rights. Except as
otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, only shares of Common Stock
issued prior to the Distribution Date will be issued with Rights.

In the event that, at any time following the Distribution Date, a person
(other than an "Exempted Person" (as defined below)) becomes the beneficial
owner of more than 15% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock (except
pursuant to an offer for all outstanding shares of Common Stock at a price and
on terms determined to be fair to, and in the best interests of, the
shareholders by at least a majority of each of (i) the Continuing Directors
(as defined below), and (ii) the members of the Board of Directors who are not
officers of the Company and who are not representatives, nominees, affiliates
or associates of an Acquiring Person), each holder of a Right will thereafter
have the right to receive, upon exercise, Common Stock (or, in certain
circumstances, cash, property or other securities of the Company) having a
value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. An "Exempted
Person" is (i) the Company, (ii) any subsidiary of the Company, (iii) any
employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or
(iv) any person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company
for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan. "Continuing Directors" are (i)
directors who are not an Acquiring Person, an associate or affiliate of an
Acquiring Person or a representative or nominee of an Acquiring Person and who
are directors of the Company on the date the Rights Agreement is executed, and
(ii) those who subsequently become directors who are not an Acquiring Person,
an associate or affiliate of an Acquiring Person or a representative or
nominee of an Acquiring Person, if such person's nomination or election to the
Board of Directors is recommended by a majority of the Continuing Directors. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, following the occurrence of the event
set forth in this paragraph, all Rights that are, or (under certain
circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement) were, beneficially owned by
any Acquiring Person will be null and void. However, Rights are not
exercisable following the occurrence of the event set forth above until such
time as the Rights are no longer redeemable by the Company as set forth below.

For example, at an exercise price of $160 per Right, each Right not owned
by an Acquiring Person (or by certain related parties) following an event set
forth in the preceding paragraph would entitle its holder to purchase $320
worth of Common Stock (or other consideration, as noted above) for $160. 
Assuming that the Common Stock had a per share value of $32 at such time, the
holder of each valid Right would be entitled to purchase 10 shares of Common
Stock for $160.

<PAGE>72

In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date, (i)
the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction
in which the Company is not the surviving corporation (other than a merger
which follows an offer described in the second preceding paragraph), or (ii)
50% or more of the Company's assets or earning power is sold, mortgaged or
transferred, each holder of a Right (except Rights which previously have been
voided as set forth above) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon
exercise, common stock of the acquiring company having a value equal to two
times the exercise price of the Right. There is an exception for a merger
that is approved by the Continuing Directors at a price which is fair to, and
otherwise in the best interests of, the stockholders and in which all
stockholders of the Company receive equal consideration. The events set forth
in this paragraph and in the second preceding paragraph are referred to as the
"Triggering Events."

The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Units of Preferred Stock or
other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject
to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a
stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the
Preferred Stock, (ii) if holders of the Preferred Stock are granted certain
rights or warrants to subscribe for Preferred Stock or convertible securities
at less than the current market price of the Preferred Stock, or (iii) upon
the distribution to holders of the Preferred Stock of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly cash dividends) or of
subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be
required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the Purchase
Price. No fractional Units will be issued and, in lieu thereof, an adjustment
in cash will be made based on the market price of the Preferred Stock on the
last trading date prior to the date of exercise.

At any time until ten days following the Stock Acquisition Date, the
Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $.01
per Right (payable in cash, Common Stock or other consideration deemed
appropriate by the Board of Directors) by resolution of the Board of Directors
(provided that such resolution is approved by a majority of the Continuing
Directors and only if the Continuing Directors constitute a majority of the
directors then in office). Immediately upon such action of the Board of
Directors ordering redemption of the Rights, the Rights will terminate and the
only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the $.01 redemption
price.

<PAGE>73

Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no
rights as a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the
right to vote or to receive dividends. While the distribution of the Rights
will not be taxable to shareholders or to the Company, shareholders may,
depending upon the circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that
the Rights become exercisable for Common Stock (or other consideration) of the
Company or for common stock of the acquiring company as set forth above.

Other than those provisions relating to the principal economic terms of
the Rights, any of the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by
resolution of the Company's Board of Directors (provided that such resolution
is approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors and only if the
Continuing Directors constitute a majority of the directors then in office)
prior to the Distribution Date. After the Distribution Date, the provisions
of the Rights Agreement may be amended by resolution of the Company's Board of
Directors (provided that such resolution is approved by a majority of the
Continuing Directors and only if the Continuing Directors constitute a
majority of the directors then in office) in order to cure any ambiguity, to
make changes which do not adversely affect the interests of holders of Rights
(excluding the interests of any Acquiring Person), or to shorten or lengthen
any time period under the Rights Agreement; provided, however, that no
amendment to adjust the time period governing redemption shall be made at such
time as the Rights are not redeemable.

A copy of the Rights Agreement has been filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form 8-A
dated November 14, 1994. A copy of the Rights Agreement is available free of
charge from the Company. This summary description of the Rights does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Rights Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>11/10/94 PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE CONTACT: KENT A. MCKEE
DATE: November 11, 1994 (316) 636-6300

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC.
ADOPTS SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN
AND AMENDS ITS BYLAWS 

Wichita, Kansas -- Mueller Industries, Inc. (NYSE:MLI) announced
today that its Board of Directors has adopted a Shareholder Rights Plan in
which preferred stock purchase rights will be distributed as a dividend at the
rate of one Right for each share of the Company's common stock held as of the
close of business on November 21, 1994. The Rights will expire on November
10, 2004.

The Rights are intended to enable all of the Company's shareholders
to realize the long-term value of their investment in the Company. The Rights
will not prevent a takeover, but should encourage anyone seeking to acquire
the Company to negotiate with the Board prior to attempting a takeover.

The Company also announced that its Board of Directors had adopted
amendments to the Company's Bylaws implementing notice procedures for
stockholder proposals and for nominations for the election of directors to be
considered at annual or special meetings.

In a letter being sent to shareholders, Harvey L. Karp, Chairman of
the Board of Mueller Industries, Inc., said the Rights Plan is intended to
protect the interests of the Company's shareholders in the event the Company
is confronted with coercive or unfair takeover tactics. He noted that such
tactics include "offers that do not treat all shareholders equally, the
acquisition in the open market or otherwise of shares constituting control
without offering fair value to all shareholders, or other coercive or unfair
takeover tactics that could impair the Board's ability to represent
shareholders' interests fully."

Mr. Karp stressed, however, that the Rights Plan "is not intended to
prevent an acquisition of the Company on terms that your Board considers
favorable and fair to, and in the best interests of, all shareholders, and
will not do so. The Rights Plan is designed to deal with the serious problem
of unilateral actions by hostile acquirors which are calculated to deprive the
Company's Board of Directors and its shareholders of their ability to
determine the destiny of the Company."

<PAGE>2

Each Right will entitle shareholders, in certain circumstances, to
buy one one-thousandth of a newly issued share of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock of the Company at an exercise price of $160.
The Rights will be exercisable and transferable apart from the Common Stock
only if a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the
Common Stock or commences a tender or exchange offer upon consummation of
which such person or group would beneficially own 15% or more of the Common
Stock.

If any person becomes the beneficial owner of 15% or more of the
Company's common stock other than pursuant to an offer for all shares which is
fair to and otherwise in the best interests of the Company and its
shareholders, then each Right not owned by a 15% or more shareholder or
certain related parties will entitle its holder to purchase, at the Right's
then-current exercise price, shares of common stock (or, in certain
circumstances as determined by the Board, cash, other property, or other
securities) having a value of twice the Right's exercise price. In addition,
if, after any person has become a 15%-or-more stockholder, the Company is
involved in a merger or other business combination transaction with another
person in which its common stock is changed or converted, or sells 50% or more
of its assets or earning power to another person, each Right will entitle its
holder to purchase, at the Right's then-current exercise price, shares of
common stock of such other person having a value of twice the Right's exercise
price.

The Company will generally be entitled to redeem the Rights at $.01
per Right at any time until the tenth day following public announcement that a
person or group has become the beneficial owner of 15% or more of the
Company's common stock.

Details of the Shareholder Rights Plan are outlined in a summary of
the Rights Plan which will be mailed to shareholders.

Mueller Industries, Inc. is a leading and diversified fabricator
whose products include copper tube and fittings; brass and copper alloy rods,
bars and shapes; brass and bronze forgings; aluminum and copper impact
extrusions; plastic fittings and valves; and refrigeration valves, driers and
flare fittings. The Company also owns a short line railroad in Utah and
natural resource properties in the Western United States, Alaska and Canada.

<PAGE>3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>