<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000028887-94-000016.txt : 19940324
<IMS-HEADER>0000028887-94-000016.hdr.sgml : 19940324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000028887-94-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940321
ITEM INFORMATION:		2
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000028887
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3570
		IRS NUMBER:				042226590
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05296
		FILM NUMBER:		94517306

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		146 MAIN ST
		CITY:			MAYNARD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01754
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6178975111
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

--------

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report: (Date of earliest event reported): March 21, 1994 

Digital Equipment Corporation

________________________________________________________________

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Massachusetts 0-5296 04-2226590

_______________________________________________________________________

(State or other jurisdiction of (Commission (I.R.S. Employer

incorporation or organization) File Number) Identification No.)

146 Main Street, Maynard, Massachusetts 01754

_______________________________________________________________

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (508) 493-5111

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

-1-<PAGE>

Item 5. Other Information.

On March 22, 1994, the registrant filed with the Securities and

Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) a Prospectus Supplement

dated March 21, 1994 relating to the issuance of 16,000,000 Depositary

Shares representing 4,000,000 shares of Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No.

4.1 Certificate of Designation filed with the Secretary of

State of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts on March 22,

1994.

4.2 Specimen Certificate of Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock of Digital Equipment Corporation.

4.3 Deposit Agreement relating to the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock of Digital Equipment

Corporation. 

-2-<PAGE>

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 of the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be

signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION

(Registrant)

By /s/ Gail S. Mann

Gail S. Mann

Assistant General Counsel, Clerk

and Secretary

Date: March 22, 1994

-3-<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS

OFFICE OF THE MASSACHUSETTS SECRETARY OF STATE

MICHAEL JOSEPH CONNOLLY, Secretary FEDERAL IDENTIFICATION

NO. 042226590

ONE ASHBURTON PLACE, BOSTON, MASS. 02108

CERTIFICATE OF VOTE OF DIRECTORS ESTABLISHING

A SERIES OF A CLASS OF STOCK

General Laws, Chapter 156B, Section 26

We, Robert B. Palmer, President and Gail S. Mann, Clerk of

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION

located at 146 Main Street, Maynard, Massachusetts 01754-1499

do hereby certify that at a meeting of the directors of the corporation 

held on January 20, 1994, the following vote establishing and 

designating a series of a class of stock and determining the relative

rights and preferences thereof was duly adopted and that pursuant to the

unanimous written consent of a duly authorized committee of the directors

of the corporation on March 21, 1994, the following votes establishing and

designating a series of a class of stock and determining the relative

rights and preferences thereof were duly adopted: 

VOTED: That, subject to the limitations set

forth in these votes, the Board of

Directors deems it advisable and in the

best interests of the Corporation for the

Corporation to be able to issue and sell

from time to time securities (the

"Securities") consisting of debt

securities (the "Debt Securities"), which

may be either senior debt securities (the

"Senior Debt Securities") or subordinated

debt securities (the "Subordinated Debt

Securities"), preferred stock of the

Corporation, par value $1.00 per share

(the "Preferred Stock), depositary shares

(the "Depositary Shares") and warrants to

purchase Debt Securities or equity<PAGE>

securities of or owned by the Corporation

(the "Warrants") pursuant to a

Registration Statement on Form S-3 under

Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933,

as amended (the "Act"), covering the

registration of Securities at an

aggregate offering price of

$1,000,000,000 (One Billion Dollars); and

further

VOTED: That the Board of Directors hereby

authorizes the Corporation to issue and

sell up to an aggregate of $1,000,000,000

(One Billion Dollars) of the Securities

on such terms and conditions as shall be

determined by the Committee (as defined

in and established in the immediately

succeeding vote); and further

VOTED: That the Board of Directors hereby

designates and appoints a committee, of

which Robert B. Palmer, the President and

Chief Executive Officer and a director of

the Corporation, shall be the sole member

(the "Committee"), which shall have the

full power of the Board of Directors in

all matters relating to the Securities,

subject to the limitations set forth in

these votes; and further 

VOTED: That, subject to the limitations set

forth in these votes, the Committee may

at any time cause the Corporation to

effect one or more issues and sales of

Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares

(collectively, the "Equity Securities")

and, in connection with any such issue,

determine, approve or appoint, as the

case may be:

(a) the designations, preferences and

limitations, if any, of the Equity

Securities; 

(b) the dividend rights, if any, relating

to any such Equity Securities;

(c) the redemption rights, if any, of the

Corporation and of the holders of such

Equity Securities and related redemption

prices and any limitations on such

redemption;

(d) the rights upon liquidation,<PAGE>

dissolution or winding up of the

Corporation;

(e) the conversion rights, if any,

relating to any Equity Securities,

related conversion rates and formulae

which may be used to adjust such

conversion rates and the reservation of

any shares of common stock of the

Corporation to be reserved for issuance

upon exercise of such conversion rights;

(f) the sinking fund, if any, to be

established with respect to any Equity

Securities, and related redemption

prices; 

(g) the voting rights, if any, provided

that the holders of shares of Equity

Securities will not be entitled to more

than one vote per share when voting as a

class with the holders of shares of

Common Stock of the Corporation;

(h) certificates of designation for

filing with the Secretary of State of the

Commonwealth of Massachusetts setting

forth the designations, preferences and

limitations of any series of Preferred

Stock;

(i) the price and other terms and

conditions on which the Equity Securities

may be sold;

(j) the option to offer Depositary Shares

rather than shares of Preferred Stock and

the applicable fraction of a share of a

specified series of Preferred Stock

represented by a Depositary Share and

related dividend, voting, redemption,

conversion and liquidation rights; 

(k) the form of stock certificate to be

used to represent the shares of Preferred

Stock;

(l) the form of depositary receipt to be

used to represent the Depositary Shares; 

(m) the appointment of a transfer agent

and registrar with respect to the Equity

Securities, including the adoption of any

prescribed form of resolution or<PAGE>

resolutions required by any such transfer

agent or registrar; 

(n) such other terms, conditions and

provisions as the Committee authorizing

the same shall deem necessary or

desirable; 

and that the President, Vice President -

Finance or Treasurer be, and each of them

hereby is, authorized, in the name and on

behalf of the Corporation, to take any

and all such actions and to do, or

authorize to be done, all such things as

such officer may approve as being

necessary or desirable to effectuate the

purpose of these votes, in each such

case, the taking of such action or doing

of such thing to be conclusive evidence

of such approval and of the authority

therefor hereunder; and further

VOTED: That, as and when necessary to effect the

issuance of one or more series of

Preferred Stock under the proposed

Registration Statement on Form S-3 in the

form presented at this Meeting, an

amendment of the Restated Articles of

Organization of the Corporation

(including any such amendment effected

through the filing of a certificate of

designation or similar document with

respect to any such series of Preferred

Stock) setting forth the voting powers

attached to the Preferred Stock with

respect to the election of directors of

the Corporation, the following provision

is hereby adopted and approved in

substantially the following form:

In the event that the Corporation

shall have failed to declare and pay

or set apart for payment in full the

dividends accumulated on the

outstanding shares of the Preferred

Stock for any number of periodic

dividend payment periods as may be

specified by the Board of Directors or

duly constituted Committee thereof,

whether or not consecutive, and all

such preferred dividends remain unpaid

(a "Preferred Dividend Default"), the

Board of Directors shall take such

action as may be necessary, including,<PAGE>

without limitation, amending the

Corporation's By-laws, to increase the

number of directors of the Corporation

by two and the holders of outstanding

shares of the Preferred Stock, voting

together as a class with all other

series of preferred stock then

entitled to vote on the election of

such directors (each hereinafter

referred to as a "Preferred Stock

Director" and together the "Preferred

Stock Directors"), shall be entitled

to elect such two Preferred Stock

Directors until the full dividends

accumulated on all outstanding shares

of the Preferred Stock have been

declared and paid in full. Upon the

occurrence of a Preferred Dividend

Default, the Board of Directors shall

within 20 business days (any day other

than a day which is a Saturday, Sunday

or legal holiday on which banks are

open for business in Boston,

Massachusetts) of such default amend

the Corporation's By-laws to make

provision for the election of such

directors consistent with the terms

herein specified and call a special

meeting of the holders of shares of

the Preferred Stock and all other

holders of a series of preferred stock

who are then entitled to participate

in the election of such directors for

the purpose of electing the additional

directors provided by the foregoing

provisions; provided that, in lieu of

________

holding such meeting, the holders of

record of all of the outstanding

shares of the Preferred Stock and all

other series of preferred stock who

are then entitled to participate in

the election of such directors may by

action taken by written consent as

permitted by law and these Restated

Articles of Organization and the

By-Laws of the Corporation, elect such

Preferred Stock Directors. If and

when all accumulated dividends on the

shares of the Preferred Stock have

been declared and paid or set aside

for payment in full, the holders of

shares of the Preferred Stock shall be

divested of the special voting rights

provided by this paragraph, subject to<PAGE>

revesting in the event of each and

every subsequent Preferred Dividend

Default. Upon termination of such

special voting rights attributable to

all holders of shares of the Preferred

Stock and any other series of

preferred stock, the term of office of

each Preferred Stock Director pursuant

to such special voting rights shall

forthwith terminate and the Board of

Directors shall take such action as

may be necessary, including without

limitation, amending the Corporation's

By-Laws, to reduce the number of

directors by two, subject always to

its obligation to increase the number

of directors pursuant to the foregoing

provisions in case of a future

Preferred Dividend Default. Any

Preferred Stock Director may be

removed at any time with or without

cause by, and shall not be removed

otherwise than by, the vote of the

holders of record of a majority of the

outstanding shares of the Preferred

Stock and all other series of

preferred stock who were entitled to

participate in such Preferred Stock

Director's election, voting as a

separate class, at a meeting called

for such purpose or by unanimous

written consent as permitted by law

and these Restated Articles of

Organization and the By-laws of the

Corporation. So long as a Preferred

Dividend Default shall continue, any

vacancy in the office of a Preferred

Stock Director may be filled by

written consent of the Preferred Stock

Director remaining in office or, if

none remains in office, by vote of the

holders of record of a majority of the

outstanding shares of the Preferred

Stock and all other series of

preferred stock who are then entitled

to participate in the election of such

Preferred Stock Directors as provided

above. The Preferred Stock Directors

shall each be entitled to one vote per

director on any matter. 

VOTED: That pursuant to the authority expressly

granted to and vested in this Committee of

the Board of Directors of the Corporation,<PAGE>

the Committee hereby creates a series of

the Corporation's capital stock consisting

of 4,000,000 shares of the Corporation's

Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per

share, which is hereby designated as the

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock

(the "Series A Preferred Stock"), and

hereby determines that the preferences,

voting powers, qualifications and special

and relative rights and privileges of such

Series A Preferred Stock shall be as set

forth in Exhibit A attached to this

_________

consent. 

VOTED: That pursuant to the preceding votes the

President and the Secretary and Clerk are

hereby authorized to execute and file with

the Secretary of State of The Commonwealth

of Massachusetts the Certificate of

Designation substantially in the form

attached to this consent. 

EXHIBIT A

SERIES A 8 7/8% CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK

1. Designation, Number and Liquidation Preference. A

series of preferred stock is hereby designated "Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock". The number of Shares constituting

the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock is 4,000,000.

Shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall

have a par value of $1.00 and a liquidation preference of $100

per share.

2. Dividend Rate.

(a) Shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred

Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends at a fixed annual

rate of $8.875 per share. Such dividends shall be cumulative from

the date of original issue of such shares and shall be payable,

out of funds legally available therefor, when and as declared by

the Board of Directors, quarterly in arrears on January 15,

April 15, July 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on

April 15, 1994. If a dividend payment date is not a business

day, dividends on the Series A 8 7/8 % Preferred Stock will be paid

on the immediately succeeding business day, without interest.

Each such dividend shall be paid to the holders of record of

shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock as they

appear on the stock register on the applicable record date, which

shall be the 15th day prior to the payment date thereof or such

other date designated by the Board of Directors of the

Corporation (or an authorized committee thereof) for the payment

of dividends that is not more than thirty (30) nor less than ten<PAGE>

(10) days prior to such dividend payment date. Dividends on

account of arrears for any past dividend periods may be declared

and paid at any time, without reference to any regular dividend

payment date, to holders of record on such date as may be fixed

by the Board of Directors which shall not exceed 30 days

preceding such dividend payment date thereof.

(b) No dividends shall be declared or paid or set apart

for payment on any shares of any class or classes of stock of the

Corporation or any series thereof ranking, as to dividends, on a

parity with or junior to the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred

Stock for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been

or contemporaneously are declared and paid, or declared and a sum

sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment, on

the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock for all dividend

payment periods terminating on or prior to the date of payment of

such full cumulative dividends. When dividends are not paid in

full, as aforesaid, upon the shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock and any other shares of any class or

classes of stock or series thereof ranking on a parity as to

dividends with the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock, all

dividends declared upon shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock and any other shares of such class or classes or

series thereof ranking on a parity as to dividends with the

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be declared pro

rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share on the

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock and such other shares

shall in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accrued

dividends per share on the shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock and such other shares bear to each

other. The Corporation's 8 7/8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred

Stock, Series A, ranks, as to dividends, on a parity with the

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock. Holders of shares of

the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not be

entitled to any dividend, whether payable in cash, property or

stock, in excess of full cumulative dividends, as herein

provided, on the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock. No

interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable

in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock which may be in arrears.

(c) So long as any shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock are outstanding, no dividend (other

than a dividend in capital stock or in any other shares ranking

junior to the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock as to

dividends and upon Liquidation, as defined in section 6(a), and

other than as provided in paragraph (b) of this section 2) shall

be declared or paid or set aside for payment or other

distribution declared or made upon the shares of capital stock or

upon any other shares ranking junior to or on a parity with the

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon

Liquidation, nor shall any of the shares of capital stock or any

other shares of the Corporation ranking junior to or on a parity

with the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock as to<PAGE>

dividends or upon Liquidation be redeemed, purchased or otherwise

acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made

available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such

shares) by the Corporation (except by conversion into or exchange

for shares of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon

Liquidation and except for repurchases of shares of Common Stock

at cost by the Corporation under employee stock plans and

programs approved by the Board of Directors) unless, in each

case, the full cumulative dividends on all outstanding shares of

the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall have been or

contemporaneously are declared and paid, or declared and a sum

sufficient for payment thereof is set apart for payment, for all

past dividend payment periods.

(d) Dividends payable on the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock for any period less than a full quarterly

dividend period, and for the dividend period beginning on the

date of issuance of the shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock, shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year

consisting of twelve 30-day months. The amount of dividends

payable on shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred

Stock for each full quarterly dividend period shall be computed

by dividing by four the annual rate per share set forth above in

section 2(a).

3. Redemption.

(a) The shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable prior to April 1,

1999. On and after April 1, 1999, the Corporation, at its

option, may redeem shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock, out of funds legally available therefor, as a

whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, at a

redemption price per share of $100 plus, in each case, accrued

and unpaid dividends thereon to the date fixed for redemption.

(b) In the event that fewer than all the outstanding

shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock are to be

redeemed, the number of shares to be redeemed shall be determined

by the Board of Directors and the shares to be redeemed shall be

determined by lot or pro rata as may be determined by the Board

of Directors or by any other method as may be determined by the

Board of Directors in its sole discretion to be equitable.

(c) In the event the Corporation shall redeem shares of

the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock, notice of such

redemption shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid,

mailed not less than 35 nor more than 60 days prior to the

redemption date, to each holder of record of the shares to be

redeemed, at such holder's address as the same appears on the

stock register of the Depositary (as provided in section 10(c)

below). Each such mailed notice shall state: (1) the redemption

date; (2) the number of shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative<PAGE>

Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares

held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares

to be redeemed from such holder; (3) the redemption price;

(4) the place or places where certificates for such shares are to

be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; and (5) that

dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on

such redemption date. No defect in the notice of redemption or

in the mailing thereof shall affect the validity of the

redemption proceedings, and the failure to give notice to any

holders of shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred

Stock to be so redeemed shall not affect the validity of the

notice given to the other holders of shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock to be so redeemed.

(d) Notice having been mailed as aforesaid, and the

redemption price (including any accrued and unpaid dividends to

the date fixed for redemption) having been paid or set aside for

payment, then, notwithstanding that the certificates evidencing

the shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall

not have been surrendered, from and after the redemption date

dividends on the shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall cease to accrue,

and said shares shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding, and

all rights of the holders thereof as stockholders (including

dividend and voting rights) of the Corporation (except the right

to receive from the Corporation the redemption price) shall

cease. Upon surrender in accordance with said notice of the

certificates for any shares so redeemed (properly endorsed or

assigned for transfer, if the Board of Directors shall so require

and the notice shall so state), such shares shall be redeemed by

the Corporation at the redemption price aforesaid. In case fewer

than all the shares represented by any such certificate are

redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the

unredeemed shares without cost to the holder thereof.

(e) Any shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock which shall at any time have been redeemed shall,

after such redemption, have the status of authorized but unissued

shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series until

such shares are once more designated as part of a particular

series by the Board of Directors (or an authorized committee

thereof).

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this

section 3, if any dividends on the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock are in arrears, no shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be redeemed unless all

outstanding shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred

Stock are simultaneously redeemed, and the Corporation shall not

purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the foregoing

shall not prevent the purchase or acquisition of shares of the

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock pursuant to a purchase

or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all<PAGE>

outstanding shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred

Stock.

4. Conversion. The holders of shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not have any rights herein to

convert such shares into or exchange such shares for shares of

any other class or classes or of any other series of any class or

classes of stock of the Corporation.

5. Voting. The shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock shall not have any voting powers either general

or special, except as required by law and except that:

(a) So long as any of the shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock are outstanding, the consent of the

holders of at least two-thirds of all the shares of the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting

together as a class with all other Preferred Stock then

outstanding and affected in the same manner, given in person or

by proxy, by a vote at a meeting called for such purpose shall be

necessary for authorizing, effecting or validating the amendment,

alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of the Restated

Articles of Organization or of any certificate amendatory thereof

or supplemental thereto (including any certificate of designation

or any similar document relating to any series of preferred

stock) which would adversely affect the voting powers,

qualifications and preferences or special or relative rights of

the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock, including the

creation or authorization of any class of stock that ranks senior

to the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock with respect to

dividends or upon Liquidation. Any amendment or any vote or

action of the Board of Directors which would create or issue any

series of preferred stock out of the authorized shares of

preferred stock, or which would authorize, create or issue any

shares or class of stock (whether or not already authorized),

ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of

dividends and upon any Liquidation, shall not be considered to

affect adversely the voting powers, qualifications and

preferences or special or relative rights of the outstanding

shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock.

(b) In the event that the Corporation shall have failed

to declare and pay or set apart for payment in full the dividends

accumulated on the outstanding shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock for any six quarterly dividend payment

periods, whether or not consecutive, and all such preferred

dividends remain unpaid (a "Preferred Dividend Default"), the

Board of Directors shall take such action as may be necessary,

including, without limitation, amending the Corporation's

By-laws, to increase the number of directors of the Corporation

by two and the holders of outstanding shares of the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock, voting together as a class with

all other series of preferred stock then entitled to vote on the<PAGE>

election of such directors (each hereinafter referred to as a

"Preferred Stock Director" and together the "Preferred Stock

Directors"), shall be entitled to elect such two Preferred Stock

Directors until the full dividends accumulated on all outstanding

shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock have been

declared and paid in full. Upon the occurrence of a Preferred

Dividend Default, the Board of Directors shall within twenty (20)

business days (any day, other than a day which is a Saturday,

Sunday or legal holiday, on which banks are open for business in

Boston, Massachusetts) after such default amend the Corporation's

By-laws to make provision for the election of such directors

consistent with the terms herein specified and call a special

meeting of the holders of shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock and all other holders of a series of preferred

stock who are then entitled to participate in the election of

such directors for the purpose of electing the additional

directors provided by the foregoing provisions; provided that, in

lieu of holding such meeting, the holders of record of all of the

outstanding shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred

Stock and all other series of preferred stock who are then

entitled to participate in the election of such directors may by

action taken by written consent as permitted by law and these

Restated Articles of Organization and the By-laws of the

Corporation, elect such Preferred Stock Directors. If and when

all accumulated dividends on the shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock have been declared and paid or set

aside for payment in full, the holders of shares of the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be divested of the special

voting rights provided by this paragraph, subject to revesting in

the event of each and every subsequent Preferred Dividend

Default. Upon termination of such special voting rights

attributable to all holders of shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred

stock, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director

pursuant to such special voting rights shall forthwith terminate

and the Board of Directors shall take such action as may be

necessary, including, without limitation, amending the

Corporation's By-laws, to reduce the number of directors by two,

subject always to its obligation to increase the number of

directors pursuant to the foregoing provisions in case of a

future Preferred Dividend Default. Any Preferred Stock Director

may be removed at any time with or without cause by, and shall

not be removed otherwise than by, the vote of the holders of

record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock and all other series of

preferred stock who were entitled to participate in such

Preferred Stock Director's election, voting as a separate class,

at a meeting called for such purpose or by unanimous written

consent as permitted by law and these Restated Articles of

Organization and the By-laws of the Corporation. So long as a

Preferred Dividend Default shall continue, any vacancy in the

office of a Preferred Stock Director may be filled by written

consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office or,

if none remains in office, by vote of the holders of record of a<PAGE>

majority of the outstanding shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock and all other series of preferred

stock who are then entitled to participate in the election of

such Preferred Stock Directors as provided above. The Preferred

Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director

on any matter.

6. Liquidation Rights.

(a) Upon the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of

the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary

(collectively, a "Liquidation"), after payment or provision for

payment has been made of the debts and other liabilities of the

Corporation and payment or provision for payment has been made on

all amounts required to be paid in respect of all outstanding

shares of any class or classes of stock of the Corporation or

series thereof ranking senior to the shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock, the holders of the shares of the

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be entitled,

subject to paragraph (d) of this section 6, to receive out of the

assets of the Corporation, before any payment or distribution

shall be made on Common Stock or on any other class of stock

ranking junior to the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock

upon Liquidation, the amount of $100 per share, plus a sum equal

to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) on such

shares accrued and unpaid thereon to the date of final

distribution.

(b) Neither the sale, transfer or lease of all or any

part of the property or business of the Corporation, nor the

merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with any other

corporation or the merger or consolidation of any other

corporation into or with the Corporation, shall be deemed to be a

Liquidation for the purposes of this section 6.

(c) After the payment to the holders of the shares of

the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock of the full

preferential amounts provided for in this section 6, the holders

of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock as such shall

have no right or claim to any of the remaining assets of the

Corporation and the shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding or be

entitled to any other powers, preferences, qualifications or

special rights or privileges, including, without limitation,

voting rights, and such shares shall be surrendered for

cancellation to the Corporation.

(d) In the event the assets of the Corporation

available for distribution to the holders of shares of the

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock upon any Liquidation

shall be insufficient to pay in full all amounts to which such

holders are entitled pursuant to paragraph (a) of this section 6,

no such distribution shall be made on account of any shares of

any series of preferred stock ranking on a parity with the shares<PAGE>

of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock upon such

Liquidation unless proportionate distributive amounts shall be

paid on account of the shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock, ratably, in proportion to the full distributable

amounts for which holders of all such parity shares are

respectively entitled upon such Liquidation.

7. Priority. Any shares of any class or classes of the

Corporation or series thereof shall be deemed to rank:

(a) prior or senior to the shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon

Liquidation, if the holders of such class or classes shall be

entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable

upon Liquidation of the Corporation, in preference or priority to

the holders of shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred

Stock;

(b) on a parity with shares of the Series A 8 7/8%

Cumulative Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon

Liquidation, whether or not the dividend rates, dividend payment

dates or redemption or Liquidation prices per share or sinking

fund provisions, if any, are different from those of the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock, if the holders of such shares

shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts

distributable upon Liquidation of the Corporation, in proportion

to their respective dividend rates or Liquidation prices, without

preference or priority, one over the other, as between the

holders of such shares and the holders of shares of the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock; and

(c) junior to shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon Liquidation, if

such class is Common Stock or if the holders of shares of the

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall be entitled to

receipt of dividends or of amounts distributable upon Liquidation

of the Corporation in preference or priority to the holders of

shares of such class or classes.

8. Sinking or Retirement Fund. The shares of the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to the

benefit of a sinking or retirement fund to be applied to the

purchase or redemption of such shares.

9. Distribution to Common Stock Holders. Distribution of

any of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock or any other

series of preferred stock may, in the discretion of the Board of

Directors, be made to the holders of shares of Common Stock.

10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Subject to paragraph (c) of section 3 above, all

notices referred to herein shall be in writing, and all notices

hereunder shall be deemed to have been given upon the earlier of<PAGE>

receipt thereof or three business days after the mailing thereof

if sent by registered mail (unless first-class mail shall be

specifically permitted for such notice under the terms of these

Restated Articles of Organization) with postage prepaid,

addressed: if to the Corporation, to its offices at

111 Powdermill Road, Maynard, Massachusetts 01754 (Attention:

Office of the Corporate Secretary and Clerk), if to the

Depositary (as defined in paragraph (c) below), to such holder at

the address of such holder as listed in the stock book (which may

include the records of the Depositary if appropriate); or to such

other address as the Corporation or holder, as the case may be,

shall have designated by notice similarly given.

(b) In the event a holder of shares of the Series A

8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock shall not by written notice

designate the name to whom payment upon redemption of any shares

of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock should be made

or the address to which the certificate or certificates

representing such shares, or such payment, should be sent, the

Corporation shall be entitled to register such shares, and make

such payment, in the name of the holder of such shares as shown

on the records of the Corporation and to send the certificate or

certificates representing such shares, or such payment, to the

address of such holder shown on the records of the Corporation.

(c) Citibank, N.A. of New York, New York initially

shall be appointed the initial depositary (the "Depositary") for

the shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock. The

Depositary shall act as transfer agent, registrar and dividend

disbursing agent for the shares of the Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative

Preferred Stock.

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF AND UNDER THE PENALTIES OF PERJURY, we have hereunto 

signed our names this 22nd day of March in the year 1994.

/s/ Robert B. Palmer

- ------------------------------------------------------------, President

/s/ Gail S. Mann

- ------------------------------------------------------------, Clerk<PAGE>

THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS

Certificate of Vote of Directors Establishing

A Series of a Class of Stock

(General Laws, Chapter 156B, Section 26)

I hereby approve the within certificate and, the

filing fee in the amount of $100.00 

having been paid, said certificate is hereby filed this

22nd day of March, 1994.

MICHAEL JOSEPH CONNOLLY

Secretary of State

TO BE FILLED IN BY CORPORATION

Photo Copy of Certificate To Be Sent

TO: Gail S. Mann, Esq.

Digital Equipment Corporation

111 Powdermill Road - MSO2-3/F13

Maynard, Massachusetts 01754-1499

Telephone (508) 493-2206 <PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

[FRONT OF CERTIFICATE]

Organized under the Laws of Massachusetts

No. XXX XXX Shares

Digital Equipment Corporation

8 7/8% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A

THIS CERTIFIES THAT XXX is the owner of

XXX Shares of the Capital Stock of

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION

transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holder hereof in

person or by Attorney upon surrender of the Certificate properly endorsed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said Corporation has caused this Certificate

to be signed by its duly authorized officers and its Corporate Seal to be

hereunto affixed this day of A.D. 19 .

- ------------------------- --------------------------

Vice President Treasurer

Par Value

SHARES $1.00 per share EACH

[SEAL]

<PAGE>

[BACK OF CERTIFICATE]

CERTIFICATE

FOR

XXX

SHARES

OF THE

CAPITAL STOCK

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT

CORPORATION

8 7/8% CUMULATIVE

CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED

STOCK, SERIES A

ISSUED TO

xxx

----------------------

date

xxx

---------------------- 

For Value Received xxx hereby sell, assign and transfer

xxx

unto -----------------------------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------- Shares

of the Capital Stock represented by the within Certificate,

and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint

xxx

- -------------------------------------------------- Attorney

to transfer the said Stock on the books of the within named

Corporation with full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated xxxxxxxxx 19xx

In presence of

xxx<PAGE>

--------------------------

xxx

- -----------------------------<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION

CITIBANK, N.A., as Depository

and

THE HOLDERS FROM TIME TO TIME OF

THE DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS DESCRIBED HEREIN.

Deposit Agreement

relating to

Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Preferred Stock of

Digital Equipment Corporation

Dated as of March 1, 1994<PAGE>

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PARTIES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .1

RECITALS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .1

ARTICLE I

Definitions

"Business Day" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

"Certificate of Designation" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

"Depositary Shares" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

"Depositary's Agent" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

"Depositary's Office". . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

"Receipt". . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

"Record Holder". . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

"Registrar". . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

ARTICLE II

Form of Receipts, Deposit of Preferred Stock, Execution and

Delivery, Transfer, Surrender and Redemption of Receipts

SECTION 2.01. Form and Transfer of Receipts . . . . . . . . . . 2

SECTION 2.02. Deposit of Preferred Stock; Execution and 

Delivery of Receipts in Respect Thereof. . . . . . . . . . . . 3

SECTION 2.03. Redemption of Preferred Stock . . . . . . . . . . 4

SECTION 2.04. Registration of Transfer of Receipts. . . . . . . 5

SECTION 2.05. Split-ups and Combinations of Receipts; 

Surrender of Receipts and Withdrawal of Preferred Stock. . . . 5

SECTION 2.06. Limitations on Execution and Delivery, 

Transfer, Surrender and Exchange of Receipts . . . . . . . . . 6

SECTION 2.07. Lost Receipts, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

SECTION 2.08. Cancellation and Destruction of 

Surrendered Receipts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

SECTION 2.09. Prohibition Against Preferred Stock, 

Depositary Shares or Receipt Lending. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

ARTICLE III

Certain Obligations of Holders of Receipts and the Company

SECTION 3.01. Filing Proofs, Certificates, and Other 

Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

SECTION 3.02. Payment of Taxes or Other Governmental Charges. . 8

SECTION 3.03. Representation and Warranty as to Preferred Stock 8

SECTION 3.04. Covenant as to Receipts . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8

SECTION 3.5. Covenant as to Holidays . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8

ARTICLE IV

The Deposited Securities; Notices

SECTION 4.01. Cash Distributions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9<PAGE>

SECTION 4.02. Distributions Other than Cash, Rights, 

Preferences or Privileges. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9

SECTION 4.03. Subscription Rights, Preferences or Privileges. . 10

SECTION 4.04. Notice of Dividends, etc.; Fixing of Record 

Date for Record Holders of Receipts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

SECTION 4.05. Voting Rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

SECTION 4.06. Changes Affecting Deposited Preferred Stock and

Reclassifications, Recapitalizations, etc. . . . . . . . . . . 11

SECTION 4.07. Inspection of Reports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12

SECTION 4.08. Lists of Receipt Holders. . . . . . . . . . . . . 12

SECTION 4.09. Tax and Regulatory Compliance . . . . . . . . . . 12

SECTION 4.10. Withholding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

ARTICLE V

The Depositary, the Depositary's Agents, the Registrar and the Company

SECTION 5.01. Maintenance of Offices, Agencies and Transfer Books 

by the Depositary; Registrar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

SECTION 5.02. Prevention of or Delay in Performance by the

Depositary, the Depositary's Agents, the Registrar or the 

Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

SECTION 5.03. Obligations of the Depositary, the Depositary's

Agents, the Registrar and the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14

SECTION 5.04. Resignation and Removal of the Depositary;

Appointment of Successor Depositary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

SECTION 5.06. Indemnification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

SECTION 5.07. Charges and Expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

ARTICLE VI

Amendment and Termination

SECTION 6.01. Amendment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

SECTION 6.02. Termination . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

ARTICLE VII

Miscellaneous

SECTION 7.01. Counterparts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

SECTION 7.02. Record Holders of Receipts are Parties; 

Exclusive Benefit of Parties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

SECTION 7.03. Invalidity of Provisions. . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

SECTION 7.04. Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

SECTION 7.05. Depositary's Agents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

SECTION 7.06. Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

SECTION 7.07. Inspection of Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

SECTION 7.08. Headings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

SECTION 7.09. Board of Directors. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

TESTIMONIUM. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

SIGNATURES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

EXHIBIT A: Form of Depositary Receipt . . . . . . . . . . . . <PAGE>

DEPOSIT AGREEMENT dated as of March 1, 1994

among DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION, a

Massachusetts corporation (the "Company"), CITIBANK, N.A.,

a national banking association, as depositary (the "Depositary")

and the holders from time to time of the Receipts described

herein.

WHEREAS, it is desired to provide, as hereinafter set forth in this

Agreement, for the deposit of Series A 8 7/8% Cumulative Convertible

Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value, $100 liquidation preference per share

(the "Preferred Stock"), of the Company with the Depositary for the

purposes set forth in this Agreement and for the issuance hereunder of

Receipts (as defined in Article I) evidencing Depositary Shares (as defined

in Article I) representing an interest in the Preferred Stock so deposited;

and

WHEREAS, the Receipts are to be substantially in the form of Exhibit A

hereto, with appropriate insertions, modifications and omissions, as

hereinafter provided in this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

Definitions

The following definitions shall for all purposes, unless otherwise

indicated or the context otherwise requires, apply to the respective terms

used in this Agreement:

"Business Day" means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and

Friday which is not a day on which banking institutions in the State of New

York or the Commonwealth of Massachusetts are authorized or obligated by

law or executive order to close.

"Certificate of Designation" means the Company's Certificate of Vote

of Directors Establishing a Series of a Class of Stock, setting forth the

voting powers, designation, preferences and other rights of the Preferred

Stock dated March 22, 1994, as filed with the Secretary of State of the

Commonwealth of Massachusetts pursuant to M.G.L. Chapter 156B, Section 26.

"Depositary Shares" shall mean Depositary Shares of the Company, each

representing one-fourth of a share of Preferred Stock and evidenced by a

Receipt.

"Depositary's Agent" shall mean an agent appointed by the Depositary

pursuant to Section 7.05.

"Depositary's Office" shall mean the office of the Depositary in the

Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York, at which at any particular time

its depositary receipt business shall be administered.

"Receipt" shall mean one of the depositary receipts issued hereunder,<PAGE>

whether in definitive or temporary form.

"Record Holder" as applied to a Receipt shall mean the person in whose

name a Receipt is registered on the books of the Depositary maintained for

such purpose.

"Registrar" shall mean any bank or trust company that shall be

appointed to register ownership and transfers of Receipts as herein

provided.

ARTICLE II

Form of Receipts, Deposit of Preferred Stock, Execution and

Delivery, Transfer, Surrender and Redemption of Receipts

SECTION 2.01. Form and Transfer of Receipts. Definitive Receipts

shall be engraved or printed or lithographed on steel-engraved borders and

shall be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto, with

appropriate insertions, modifications and omissions, as hereinafter

provided. Pending the preparation of definitive Receipts, the

Depositary, upon the written order of the Company or any Record Holder of

Preferred Stock, as the case may be, delivered for deposit in compliance

with Section 2.02, shall execute and deliver temporary Receipts which are

printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise substantially

of the tenor of the definitive Receipts in lieu of which they are issued

and with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other

variations as the persons executing such Receipts may determine, as

evidenced by their execution of such Receipts. If temporary Receipts are

issued, the Company and the Depositary will cause definitive Receipts to be

prepared without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of definitive

Receipts, the temporary Receipts shall be exchangeable for definitive

Receipts upon surrender of the temporary Receipts at an office described in

the second last paragraph of Section 2.02, without charge to the Record

Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary

Receipts, the Depositary shall execute and deliver in exchange therefor

definitive Receipts representing the same number of Depositary

Shares as represented by the surrendered temporary Receipt or Receipts.

Such exchange shall be made at the Company's expense and without any charge

to the Record Holder thereof. Until so exchanged, the temporary Receipts

shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this

Agreement, and with respect to the Preferred Stock deposited hereunder, as

definitive Receipts.

Receipts shall be executed by the Company and authenticated by the

Depositary by the manual signature of a duly authorized officer of the

Depositary; provided, however, that such signature may be a facsimile if a

Registrar for the Receipts (other than the Depositary) shall have been

appointed and such Receipts are countersigned by manual signature of a duly

authorized officer of the Registrar. No Receipt shall be entitled to any

benefits under this Agreement or be valid or obligatory for any purpose

unless it shall have been executed manually by a duly authorized officer of

the Depositary or, if a Registrar for the Receipts (other than the

Depositary) shall have been appointed, by manual or facsimile signature of

a duly authorized officer of the Depositary and countersigned manually by a<PAGE>

duly authorized officer of such Registrar. The Depositary or, if a

Registrar (other than the Depositary) shall have been appointed, the

Registrar shall record on its books each Receipt so signed and delivered as

hereinafter provided.

Except as the Depositary may otherwise determine, Receipts shall be in

denominations of any number of whole Depositary Shares. All Receipts shall

be dated the date of their issuance.

Receipts may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof

such legends or recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of

this Agreement as may be required by the Depositary or required to comply

with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and

regulations of any securities exchange upon which the Preferred Stock, the

Depositary Shares or the Receipts may be listed or to conform with any

usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or

restrictions to which any particular Receipts are subject.

Title to Depositary Shares evidenced by a Receipt that is properly

endorsed, or accompanied by a properly executed instrument of transfer,

shall be transferable by delivery with the same effect as in the case of a

negotiable instrument; provided, however, that until transfer of a Receipt

shall be registered on the books of the Depositary as provided in

Section 2.04, the Depositary may, notwithstanding any notice to the

contrary, treat the Record Holder thereof at such time as the absolute

owner thereof for the purpose of determining the person entitled to

distributions of dividends or other distributions or to any notice provided

for in this Agreement and for all other purposes.

SECTION 2.02. Deposit of Preferred Stock; Execution and Delivery of

Receipts in Respect Thereof. Subject to the terms and conditions of this

Agreement, the Company or any holder of Preferred Stock may from time to

time deposit shares of Preferred Stock under this Agreement by delivery to

the Depositary of (i) a certificate or certificates for the shares

of Preferred Stock to be deposited, properly endorsed or accompanied, if

required by the Depositary, by a duly executed instrument of transfer or

endorsement, in form satisfactory to the Depositary, together with (ii) all

certifications as may be required by the Depositary in accordance with the

provisions of this Agreement, and (iii) a written order of the Company

or such Record Holder, as the case may be, directing the Depositary to

execute and deliver to, or upon the written order of, the person or persons

stated in such order a Receipt or Receipts for the number of Depositary

Shares representing such deposited shares of Preferred Stock.

Upon receipt by the Depositary of a certificate or certificates for

the shares of Preferred Stock deposited in accordance with the provisions

of this Section 2.02, together with the other documents required, and upon

registration of such shares of Preferred Stock on the books of the Company

in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, the Depositary, subject to

the terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall execute and deliver, to

or upon the order of the person or persons named in the written order

delivered to the Depositary referred to in the first paragraph of this

Section 2.02, a Receipt or Receipts for the number of whole Depositary

Shares representing such shares of Preferred Stock and registered in<PAGE>

such name or names as may be requested by such person or persons.

Certificates in the name of the Depositary for the deposited shares of

Preferred Stock shall be held by the Depositary at the Depositary's Office

or at such other place or places as the Depositary shall determine.

The Depositary shall execute and deliver such Receipt or Receipts at

the Depositary's Office or such other offices, if any, as the Depositary

may designate. Delivery at other offices shall be at the risk and expense

of the person requesting such delivery. In each case, delivery will be

made only upon payment by such person to the Depositary of all taxes and

other governmental charges and any fees payable in connection with such

deposit and the transfer of the deposited Preferred Stock.

The Company shall deliver to the Depositary from time to time such

quantities of receipts as the Depositary may request to enable the

Depositary to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

SECTION 2.03. Redemption of Preferred Stock. Whenever the Company

shall elect to redeem shares of Preferred Stock deposited hereunder in

accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Designation, the

Company shall (unless otherwise agreed in writing with the Depositary) give

the Depositary not less than 35 nor more than 60 days notice of (a) the

date of such proposed redemption of the Preferred Stock, which notice shall

be accompanied by a certificate from the Company stating that such

redemption of the Preferred Stock is in accordance with the provisions of

the Certificate of Designation and (b) the number of such shares of

Preferred Stock held by the Depositary to be redeemed as hereinafter

provided. On the date of such redemption, provided that the Company shall

then have paid in full to the Depositary the redemption price of any

deposited shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed, plus any accrued and

unpaid dividends thereon in accordance with the Certificate of Designation,

the Depositary shall redeem the number of Depositary Shares representing

such shares of Preferred Stock. The Depositary shall mail notice of such

redemption of the Preferred Stock and the proposed simultaneous redemption

of the number of Depositary Shares representing the deposited shares of

Preferred Stock to be redeemed, first-class postage prepaid, as promptly as

practicable upon receipt of such notice from the Company and not less than

30 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption of such

Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares (the "Redemption Date"), to the

Record Holders of the Receipts evidencing the Depositary Shares to be so

redeemed, at the addresses of such Record Holders as they appear on the

records of the Depositary; but neither failure to mail any such notice to

one or more such Record Holders nor any defect in any notice to one or more

such Record Holders shall affect the sufficiency of the proceedings

for redemption as to other Record Holders. Each such notice shall state:

(i) the Redemption Date; (ii) the number of Depositary Shares to be

redeemed and, if less than all the Depositary Shares held by any such

Record Holder are to be redeemed, the number of such Depositary Shares held

by such Record Holder to be so redeemed; (iii) the redemption price;

(iv) the place or places where Receipts evidencing Depositary Shares are to

be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; and (v) that dividends

in respect of the shares of Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary

Shares to be redeemed will cease to accumulate on such Redemption Date. In<PAGE>

case less than all the outstanding Depositary Shares are to be redeemed,

the Depositary Shares to be so redeemed shall be selected by lot

or pro rata as may be determined by the Depositary to be equitable.

Notice having been mailed by the Depositary as aforesaid, from and

after the Redemption Date (unless the Company shall have failed to redeem

the deposited shares of Preferred Stock to be redeemed by it as set forth

in the Company's notice provided for in the preceding paragraph) all

dividends in respect of the deposited shares of Preferred Stock so

called for redemption shall cease to accumulate, the Depositary Shares

being redeemed from such proceeds shall be deemed no longer to be

outstanding, all rights of the Record Holders of Receipts evidencing such

Depositary Shares (except the right to receive the redemption

price) shall, to the extent of such Depositary Shares cease and terminate

and, upon surrender in accordance with such notice of the Receipts

evidencing any such Depositary Shares (properly endorsed or assigned for

transfer, if the Depositary shall so require), such Depositary Shares shall

be redeemed by the Depositary at a redemption price per Depositary Share

equal to one-fourth of the redemption price per share paid in respect of

the redeemed deposited shares of Preferred Stock plus all money and other

property, if any, represented by such Depositary Shares, including all

amounts paid by the Company in respect of dividends which on the Redemption

Date have accumulated on the shares of Preferred Stock to be so redeemed

and have not theretofore been paid.

If less than all the Depositary Shares evidenced by a single Receipt

are called for redemption, the Depositary will deliver to the Record Holder

of such Receipt upon its surrender to the Depositary a new Receipt

evidencing the Depositary Shares evidenced by such prior Receipt and not

called for redemption, together with the redemption payment.

SECTION 2.04. Registration of Transfer of Receipts. Subject to the

terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Depositary shall register on

its books from time to time transfers of Receipts upon any surrender

thereof by the Record Holder in person or by duly authorized attorney,

properly endorsed or accompanied by a properly executed instrument of

transfer or endorsement together with evidence of the payment of any

transfer taxes as may be required by law. Thereupon the Depositary shall

execute a new Receipt or Receipts evidencing the same aggregate number of

Depositary Shares as those evidenced by the Receipt or Receipts surrendered

and deliver such new Receipt or Receipts to or upon the order of the person

entitled thereto.

SECTION 2.05. Split-ups and Combinations of Receipts; Surrender of

Receipts and Withdrawal of Preferred Stock. Upon surrender of a Receipt or

Receipts at the Depositary's Office or at such other offices as it may

designate for the purpose of effecting a split-up or combination of such

Receipt or Receipts, and subject to the terms and conditions of this

Agreement, the Depositary shall execute and deliver a new Receipt or

Receipts in the authorized denomination or denominations requested,

evidencing the aggregate number of Depositary Shares evidenced by the

Receipt or Receipts surrendered.

Any Record Holder of a Receipt or Receipts representing any whole<PAGE>

number of deposited shares of Preferred Stock may withdraw such shares of

Preferred Stock and all money and other property, if any, represented

thereby by surrendering such Receipt or Receipts at the Depositary's Office

or at such other offices as the Depositary may designate for such

withdrawals. Thereafter, without unreasonable delay, the Depositary shall

deliver to such Record Holder, or to the person or persons designated by

such Record Holder as hereinafter provided, the whole number of shares of

Preferred Stock and all money and other property, if any, represented by

the Receipt or Receipts so surrendered for withdrawal, but holders of such

shares of Preferred Stock will not thereafter be entitled to deposit such

shares of Preferred Stock hereunder or to receive Depositary Shares

therefor. If a Receipt delivered by the Record Holder to the Depositary in

connection with such withdrawal shall evidence a number of Depositary

Shares in excess of the number of deposited Depositary Shares representing

the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be so withdrawn, the Depositary

shall at the same time, in addition to such number of shares of Preferred

Stock and such money and other property, if any, to be so withdrawn,

deliver to such Record Holder, or (subject to Section 2.02) upon his order,

a new Receipt evidencing such excess number of Depositary Shares. Delivery

of the shares of Preferred Stock and money and other property being

withdrawn may be made by the delivery of such certificates, documents of

title and other instruments as the Depositary may deem appropriate.

If the shares of Preferred Stock and the money and other property

being withdrawn are to be delivered to a person or persons other than the

Record Holder of the Receipt or Receipts being surrendered for withdrawal

of the Preferred Stock, such Record Holder shall execute and deliver to the

Depositary a written order so directing the Depositary and the Depositary

may require that the Receipt or Receipts surrendered by such Record Holder

for withdrawal of such shares of Preferred Stock be appropriately endorsed

or accompanied by a properly executed instrument of transfer or

endorsement.

Delivery of the shares of Preferred Stock and the money and other

property, if any, represented by Receipts surrendered for withdrawal shall

be made by the Depositary at the Depositary's Office, except that, at the

request, risk and expense of the Record Holder surrendering such Receipt or

Receipts and for the account of the Record Holder thereof, such delivery

may be made at such other place as may be designated by such Record Holder.

SECTION 2.06. Limitations on Execution and Delivery, Transfer,

Surrender and Exchange of Receipts. As a condition precedent to the

execution and delivery, registration of transfer, split-up, combination,

surrender or exchange of any Receipt, the Depositary, any of the

Depositary's Agents or the Company may require payment to it of a sum

sufficient for the payment (or, in the event that the Depositary or the

Company shall have made such payment, the reimbursement to it) of any

charges or expenses payable by the Record Holder of a Receipt pursuant to

Section 5.07 (including any tax or charge with respect to the Preferred

Stock being deposited or withdrawn; provided, that the Company shall pay

any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due on the issue of

Common Stock upon conversion; and provided further that the Record Holder

of such Receipt shall pay the amount of any tax which is due if the shares

are to be issued in a name other than the name of such Record Holder), may<PAGE>

require the production of evidence satisfactory to it as to the identity

and genuineness of any signature and may also require compliance with such

regulations, if any, as the Depositary or the Company may establish

consistent with the provisions of this Agreement.

The deposit of shares of Preferred Stock may be refused, the delivery

of Receipts against Preferred Stock may be suspended, the registration of

transfer of Receipts may be refused and the registration of transfer,

surrender or exchange of outstanding Receipts may be suspended (i) during

any period when the register of holders of Preferred Stock of the

Company is closed or (ii) if any such action is deemed necessary or

advisable by the Depositary, any agent of the Depositary or the Company at

any time or from time to time because of any requirement of law or of any

government or governmental body or commission or under any provision of

this Agreement. 

SECTION 2.07. Lost Receipts, etc. In case any Receipt shall be

mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen, the Depositary in its discretion may

execute and deliver a Receipt of like form and tenor in exchange and

substitution for such mutilated Receipt, or in lieu of and in substitution

for such destroyed, lost or stolen Receipt, upon (i) the filing by the

Record Holder thereof with the Depositary of evidence satisfactory to the

Depositary of such destruction or loss or theft of such Receipt, of the

authenticity thereof and of his or her ownership thereof, and (ii) the

furnishing of the Depositary with reasonable indemnification satisfactory

to it and payment of any expenses (including fees, charges and expenses of

the Depositary) in connection with such execution and delivery.

SECTION 2.08. Cancellation and Destruction of Surrendered Receipts.

All Receipts surrendered to the Depositary or any Depositary's Agent shall

be cancelled by the Depositary. Except as prohibited by applicable law or

regulation, the Company is authorized to destroy all Receipts so cancelled.

SECTION 2.09. Prohibition Against Preferred Stock, Depositary Shares

or Receipt Lending. The Depositary shall not lend any Preferred Stock,

Depositary Shares or Receipts at any time held hereunder.

ARTICLE III

Certain Obligations of Holders of Receipts and the Company

SECTION 3.01. Filing Proofs, Certificates, and Other Information.

Any Record Holder of a Receipt may be required from time to time to file

such proof of residence, or other matters or other information, to execute

such certificates and to make such representations and warranties as the

Depositary or the Company may reasonably deem necessary or proper. The

Depositary or the Company may withhold the delivery, or delay the

registration of transfer, redemption or exchange, of any Receipt or the

withdrawal of the shares of Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary

Shares evidenced by any Receipt or the distribution of any dividend or

other distribution or the sale of any rights or of the proceeds thereof

until such proof or other information is filed or such certificates are

executed or such representations and warranties are made.<PAGE>

SECTION 3.02. Payment of Taxes or Other Governmental Charges. Record

Holders of Receipts shall be obligated to make payments to the Depositary

of certain charges and expenses, as provided in Sections 2.06 and 5.07.

Registration of transfer of any Receipt or any withdrawal of shares of

Preferred Stock and all money or other property, if any, represented by the

Depositary Shares evidenced by such Receipt may be refused until any

such payment due is made, and any dividends, interest payments or other

distributions may be withheld or any part of or all the shares of Preferred

Stock or other property represented by the Depositary Shares evidenced by

such Receipt and not theretofore sold may be sold for the account of the

Record Holder thereof (after attempting by reasonable means to notify

such Record Holder prior to such sale), and such dividends, interest

payments or other distributions or the proceeds of any such sale may be

applied to any payment of such charges or expenses, the Record Holder of

such Receipt remaining liable for any deficiency.

SECTION 3.03. Representation and Warranty as to Preferred Stock. In

the case of the initial deposit of the Preferred Stock and payment

therefor, the Company and, in the case of subsequent deposits thereof, each

person so depositing Preferred Stock under this Agreement, shall be deemed

thereby to represent and warrant that the shares of Preferred

Stock and each certificate therefor are validly issued, fully paid and

nonassessable and that the person making such deposit is duly authorized to

do so. Such representations and warranties shall survive the deposit of

any shares of Preferred Stock and the issuance of Receipts.

SECTION 3.04. Covenant as to Receipts. The Company will take any

necessary action to ensure that the Receipts, when issued, will represent

legal and valid interests in the Preferred Stock. Such covenant shall

survive the deposit of the Preferred Stock and the issuance of Receipts.

SECTION 3.05. Covenant as to Holidays. The Company agrees to deliver

to the Depositary on the date of execution of this Agreement, and

subsequently on December 1 of each year, a list of bank holidays in the

Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

ARTICLE IV

The Deposited Securities; Notices

SECTION 4.01. Cash Distributions. The Company hereby authorizes the

Depositary to debit the Company's DDA checking account with the Depositary,

if any, for the funds necessary to make a payment of any dividends, cash or

any other distributions to be paid by the Depositary in connection with the

Preferred Stock; provided, however, that the parties may elect to have the

Company transfer the necessary funds to a specified Depositary account for

any such payment. Whenever the Depositary shall receive any cash dividend

or other cash distribution on deposited shares of Preferred Stock, the

Depositary shall, subject to Sections 3.01 and 3.02, distribute to Record

Holders of Receipts on the record date fixed pursuant to Section 4.04 such

amounts of such dividend or distribution as are, as nearly as practicable,

in proportion to the respective numbers of Depositary Shares evidenced by

the Receipts held by such Record Holders; provided, however, that in case

the Company or the Depositary shall be required to withhold and shall<PAGE>

withhold from any cash dividend or other cash distribution in respect of

the Preferred Stock an amount on account of taxes or as otherwise required

by law or court process, the amount made available for distribution or

distributed in respect of Depositary Shares shall be reduced accordingly.

In the event that the calculation of any such cash dividend or other such

cash distribution to be paid to any Record Holder on the aggregate number

of Receipts held by such Record Holder results in an amount which is a

fraction of a cent, the amount the Depositary shall distribute to such

Record Holder shall be rounded to the next highest whole cent; and upon

request of the Depositary, the Company shall pay the additional amount to

the Depositary for distribution.

SECTION 4.02. Distributions Other than Cash, Rights, Preferences or

Privileges. Whenever the Depositary shall receive any distribution other

than cash, rights, preferences or privileges upon deposited shares of

Preferred Stock, the Depositary shall, subject to Sections 3.01 and 3.02,

distribute to Record Holders of Receipts on the record date fixed pursuant

to Section 4.04 such amounts of the securities or property received by it

as are, as nearly as practicable, in proportion to the respective numbers

of Depositary Shares evidenced by the Receipts held by such Record Holders,

in any manner that the Depositary may deem equitable and practicable for

accomplishing such distribution. If in the opinion of the Depositary such

distribution cannot be made proportionately among such Record Holders,

or if for any other reason (including any requirement that the Company or

the Depositary withhold an amount on account of taxes or as otherwise

required by law or court process) the Depositary deems, after consultation

with the Company, such distribution not to be feasible, the Company shall

adopt such method as it deems equitable and practicable for the purpose

of effecting such distribution, including the sale (at public or private

sale) of the securities or property thus received, or any part thereof, at

such place or places and upon such terms as it may deem proper. The net

proceeds of any such sale shall, subject to Sections 3.01 and 3.02, be

distributed or made available for distribution, as the case may be, by the

Depositary to Record Holders of Receipts as provided by Section 4.01 in the

case of a distribution received in cash. The Depositary shall not make any

distribution of such securities unless the Company shall have provided an

opinion of counsel stating that such securities have been registered under

the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ) or do not need to be

registered.

SECTION 4.03. Subscription Rights, Preferences or Privileges. If the

Company shall at any time offer or cause to be offered to the persons in

whose names the shares of Preferred Stock are recorded on the books of the

Company any rights, preferences or privileges to subscribe for or to

purchase any securities or any rights, preferences or privileges of any

other nature, such rights, preferences or privileges shall in each such

instance be made available by the Depositary to the Record Holders of

Receipts in such manner as the Depositary may determine, either by the

issuance to such Record Holders of warrants representing such rights,

preferences or privileges or by such other method as may be approved by the

Depositary in its discretion with the approval of the Company; provided,

however, that (i) if at the time of issuance or offer of any such rights,

preferences or privileges the Depositary determines that it is not lawful

or (after consultation with the Company) not feasible to make such rights,<PAGE>

preferences or privileges available to Record Holders of Receipts by the

issuance of warrants or otherwise, or (ii) if and to the extent so

instructed by Record Holders of Receipts who do not desire to exercise such

rights, preferences or privileges, then the Depositary, in its discretion

(with the approval of the Company, in any case where the Depositary has

determined that it is not feasible to make such rights, preferences or

privileges available), may, if applicable laws and the terms of such

rights, preferences or privileges permit such transfer, sell such rights,

preferences or privileges at public or private sale, at such place or

places and upon such terms as it may deem proper. The net proceeds of any

such sale shall, subject to Sections 3.01 and 3.02, be distributed by the

Depositary to the Record Holders of Receipts entitled thereto as provided

by Section 4.01 in the case of a distribution received in cash. The

Company shall not make any distribution of any such rights, preferences or

privileges unless the Company shall have provided an opinion of counsel

stating that such rights, preferences or privileges have been registered

under the Act or do not need to be registered.

If registration under the Act of the securities to which any rights,

preferences or privileges relate is required in order for Record Holders of

Receipts to be offered or sold the securities to which such rights,

preferences or privileges relate, the Company will file promptly a

registration statement pursuant to the Act with respect to such rights,

preferences or privileges and securities and use its best efforts and take

all steps available to it to cause such registration statement to become

effective sufficiently in advance of the expiration of such rights,

preferences or privileges to enable such Record Holders to exercise such

rights, preferences or privileges. In no event shall the Depositary make

available to the Record Holders of Receipts any right, preference or

privilege to subscribe for or to purchase any securities unless and until

the Company delivers to the Depositary an opinion of counsel stating either

that (i) such a registration statement shall have become effective, or (ii)

the offering and sale of such securities to such Record Holders are exempt

from registration under the provisions of the Act.

If any other action under the laws of any jurisdiction or any

governmental or administrative authorization, consent or permit is required

in order for such rights, preferences or privileges to be made available to

Record Holders of Receipts, the Company will use its best efforts to take

such action or obtain such authorization, consent or permit sufficiently in

advance of the expiration of such rights, preferences or privileges to

enable such Record Holders to exercise such rights, preferences or

privileges.

SECTION 4.04. Notice of Dividends, etc.; Fixing of Record Date for

Record Holders of Receipts. Whenever any cash dividend or other cash

distribution shall become payable or any distribution other than cash shall

be made, or if rights, preferences or privileges shall at any time be

offered, with respect to the Preferred Stock, or whenever the Depositary

shall receive notice of any meeting at which holders of shares of Preferred

Stock are entitled to vote or of which holders of shares of Preferred Stock

are entitled to notice, or whenever the Depositary and the Company shall

decide it is appropriate, the Depositary shall in each such instance fix a

record date (which shall be the same date as the record date fixed by the<PAGE>

Company with respect to the Preferred Stock) for the determination of the

Record Holders of Receipts who shall be entitled to receive such dividend,

distribution, rights, preferences or privileges or the net proceeds of the

sale thereof, or to give instructions for the exercise of voting rights at

any such meeting, or who shall be entitled to notice of such meeting or for

any other appropriate reasons.

SECTION 4.05. Voting Rights. Upon receipt of notice of any meeting

at which the holders of shares of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the

Depositary shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, mail to the Record

Holders of Receipts a notice which shall be provided by the Company and

which shall contain (i) such information as is contained in such notice of

meeting and (ii) a statement that the Record Holders of Receipts may,

subject to any applicable restrictions, instruct the Depositary as to the

exercise of the voting rights pertaining to the number of shares of

Preferred Stock represented by their respective Depositary Shares

(including an express indication that instructions may be given to the

Depositary to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by the

Company) and (iii) a brief statement as to the manner in which such

instructions may be given. Upon the written request of the Record Holders

of Receipts on the relevant record date, the Depositary shall endeavor

insofar as practicable to vote or cause to be voted, in accordance with the

instructions set forth in such requests, the maximum whole number of shares

of Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares evidenced by all

Receipts as to which any particular voting instructions are received. The

Company hereby agrees to take all action which may be deemed necessary by

the Depositary in order to enable the Depositary to vote such shares of

Preferred Stock or cause such shares of Preferred Stock to be voted. In

the absence of specific instructions from the Record Holder of a Receipt,

the Depositary will abstain from voting (but, at its discretion, not from

appearing at any meeting with respect to such shares of Preferred Stock

unless directed to the contrary by the Record Holders of all the Receipts)

to the extent of the number of shares of Preferred Stock represented by the

Depositary Shares evidenced by such Receipt.

SECTION 4.06. Changes Affecting Deposited Preferred Stock and

Reclassifications, Recapitalizations, etc. Upon any change in par value or

liquidation preference, split-up, combination or any other reclassification

of the Preferred Stock, or upon any recapitalization, reorganization,

merger, amalgamation or consolidation affecting the Company or to which it

is a party, the Depositary may in its discretion with the approval of,

and shall upon the instructions of, the Company, and (in either case) in

such manner as the Depositary may deem equitable, (i) make such adjustments

as are certified by the Company in (x) the fraction of an interest

represented by one Depositary Share in one share ofPreferred Stock, and (y)

the ratio of the redemption price per Depositary Share to the

redemption price per share of Preferred Stock, in each case as may be

necessary fully to reflect the effects of such changes in par value or

liquidation preference, split-up, combination or other reclassification of

the Preferred Stock, or of such recapitalization, reorganization, merger,

amalgamation or consolidation, and (ii) treat any securities which

shall be received by the Depositary in exchange for or upon conversion of

or in respect of deposited shares of Preferred Stock as new deposited

securities so received in exchange for or upon conversion or in respect of<PAGE>

such shares of Preferred Stock. In any such case the Depositary may in its

discretion, with the approval of the Company, execute and deliver

additional Receipts, or may call for the surrender of all outstanding

Receipts to be exchanged for new Receipts specifically describing such new

deposited securities. Anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding,

Record Holders of Receipts shall have the right from and after the

effective date of any such change in par value or liquidation preference,

split-up, combination or other reclassification of the Preferred Stock or

any such recapitalization, reorganization, merger, amalgamation or

consolidation to surrender such Receipts to the Depositary with

instructions to convert, exchange or surrender the shares of Preferred

Stock represented thereby only into or for, as the case may be, the kind

and amount of shares of Preferred Stock and other securities and property

and cash into which the Preferred Stock represented by such Receipts might

have been converted or for which such Preferred Stock might have been

exchanged or surrendered immediately prior to the effective date of such

transaction.

SECTION 4.07. Inspection of Reports. The Depositary shall make

available for inspection by Record Holders of Receipts at the Depositary's

Office during normal business hours, and at such other places as it may

from time to time deem advisable, any reports and communications received

from the Company which are received by the Depositary as theholder of

Preferred Stock and are generally available to holders of Preferred Stock.

SECTION 4.08. Lists of Receipt Holders. Promptly upon request from

time to time by the Company, the Depositary shall furnish to it a list, as

of a recent date, of the names, addresses and holdings of Depositary Shares

of all persons in whose names Receipts are registered on the books of the

Depositary.

SECTION 4.09. Tax and Regulatory Compliance. The Depositary shall be

responsible for (i) preparation and mailing of all applicable tax forms for

all open and closed accounts and (ii) all applicable foreign and domestic

tax withholding, including without limitation the mailing of W-9 forms to

new Record Holders of Receipts without a certified taxpayer identification

number, the processing of certified W-9 forms, the preparation and

filing of state information returns and the provision of escheatment

services.

SECTION 4.10. Withholding. Notwithstanding any other provision of

this Deposit Agreement, in the event that the Depositary determines that

any distribution in property is subject to any tax which the Depositary is

obligated to withhold, the Depositary may dispose of all or a portion of

such property in such amounts and in such manner as the Depositary deems

necessary and practicable to pay such taxes, by public or private sale, and

the Depositary shall distribute the net proceeds of any such sale or the

balance of any such property after deduction of such taxes to the Record

Holders of Receipts entitled thereto in proportion to the number of

Depositary Shares held by them respectively.

ARTICLE V

The Depositary, the Depositary's Agents, the Registrar and the Company<PAGE>

SECTION 5.01. Maintenance of Offices, Agencies and Transfer Books by

the Depositary; Registrar. Upon execution of this Agreement, the

Depositary shall maintain at the Depositary's Office, facilities for the

execution and delivery, registration and registration of transfer,

surrender and exchange of Receipts, and at the offices of the Depositary's

Agents, if any, facilities for the delivery, registration of transfer,

surrender and exchange of Receipts, all in accordance with the provisions

of this Agreement.

The Depositary shall keep books at the Depositary's Office for the

registration and registration of transfer of Receipts, which books at all

reasonable times during normal business hours shall be open for inspection

by the Record Holders of Receipts to the extent provided by applicable law;

provided, however, that any such Record Holder requesting to exercise such

right shall certify to the Depositary that such inspection shall be for a

proper purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as an owner of

Depositary Shares evidenced by Receipts.

The Depositary may close such books, at any time or from time to time,

when deemed expedient by it in connection with the performance of its

duties hereunder.

If the Receipts or the Depositary Shares evidenced thereby or the

Preferred Stock represented by such Depositary Shares shall be listed on

the New York Stock Exchange, the Depositary may, with the approval of the

Company, appoint a Registrar for registration of such Receipts or

Depositary Shares in accordance with any requirements of such Exchange. 

Such Registrar (which may be the Depositary if so permitted by the

requirements of such Exchange) may be removed and a substituted registrar

appointed by the Depositary upon the request or with the approval of the

Company. If the Receipts, the Depositary Shares or the Preferred Stock

shall be listed on one or more other stock exchanges, the Depositary will,

at the request and expense of the Company, arrange such facilities for the

delivery, registration, registration of transfer, surrender and exchange of

the Receipts, the Depositary Shares or the Preferred Stock as may be

required by law or applicable stock exchange regulation.

SECTION 5.02. Prevention of or Delay in Performance by the

Depositary, the Depositary's Agents, the Registrar or the Company. Neither

the Depositary nor any Depositary's Agent nor any Registrar nor the Company

shall incur any liability to any Record Holder of any Receipt if by reason

of any provision of any present or future law, or regulation thereunder, of

the United States of America or of any other governmental authority or, in

the case of the Depositary, the Depositary's Agent or the Registrar, by

reason of any provision, present or future, of the Company's Restated

Articles of Organization, as amended (including the Certificate of

Designation) or by reason of any act of God or war or other circumstance

beyond the control of the relevant party, the Depositary, the Depositary's

Agent, the Registrar or the Company shall be prevented or forbidden from,

or subjected to any penalty on account of, doing or performing any act or

thing which the terms of this Agreement provide shall be done or performed;

nor shall the Depositary, any Depositary's Agent, any Registrar or the

Company incur any liability to any Record Holder of a Receipt (i) by reason<PAGE>

of any nonperformance or delay, caused as aforesaid, in the performance of

any act or thing which the terms of this Deposit Agreement provide shall or

may be done or performed or (ii) by reason of any exercise of, or failure

to exercise, any discretion provided for in this Agreement except, in case

of any such exercise or failure to exercise discretion not caused as

aforesaid, if caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the

party charged with such exercise or failure to exercise.

SECTION 5.03. Obligations of the Depositary, the Depositary's Agents,

the Registrar and the Company. Neither the Depositary nor any Depositary's

Agent nor any Registrar nor the Company assumes any obligation or shall be

subject to any liability under this Agreement or any Receipt to Record

Holders of Receipts other than for its gross negligence or willful

misconduct.

Neither the Depositary nor any Depositary's Agent nor any Registrar

nor the Company shall be under any obligation under this Agreement to

appear in, prosecute or defend any action, suit or other proceeding in

respect of deposited shares of Preferred Stock, the Depositary Shares or

the Receipts that in its opinion may involve it in expense or liability

unless indemnity satisfactory to it against all expense and liability be

furnished as often as may be required.

Neither the Depositary nor any Depositary's Agent nor any Registrar

nor the Company shall be liable for any action or any failure to act by it

in reliance upon the advice of legal counsel or written advice of

accountants, or information from any person presenting shares of Preferred

Stock for deposit, any Record Holder of a Receipt or any other person

believed by it in good faith to be competent to give such advice or

information. The Depositary, any Depositary's Agent, any Registrar and the

Company may each rely and shall each be protected in acting upon any

written notice, request, direction or other document believed by it to be

genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or

parties.

In the event the Depositary shall receive conflicting claims, requests

or instructions from any Record Holders of Receipts, on the one hand, and

the Company, on the other hand, the Depositary shall notify the Company and

thereafter, absent instructions to the contrary from the Company, shall be

entitled to act on such claims, requests or instructions received from the

Company, and shall be entitled to the full indemnification set forth in

Section 5.06 hereof in connection with any action so taken.

Notwithstanding the first paragraph of this Section 5.03, the

Depositary shall not be responsible for any failure to carry out any

instruction to vote any of the deposited shares of Preferred Stock or for

the manner or effect of any such vote made, as long as any such

action or non-action is in good faith or in accordance with this Agreement.

The Depositary undertakes, and any Registrar shall be required to

undertake, to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically

set forth in this Deposit Agreement, and no implied covenants or

obligations shall be read into this Deposit Agreement against the

Depositary or any Registrar. The Depositary and its affiliates, the

Depositary's Agents and any Registrar may own, buy, sell, and deal in any<PAGE>

class of securities of the Company and its affiliates and in Receipts or

Depositary Shares or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in

which the Company or its affiliates are interested or contract with or lend

money to or otherwise act as fully and as freely as if it were not the

Depositary or the Depositary's Agent or Registrar hereunder. The

Depositary may also act as transfer agent or registrar of any of the

securities of the Company and its affiliates.

It is intended that neither the Depositary nor any Depositary's Agent,

acting as the Depositary Agent, shall be deemed to be an "issuer" of the

Receipts under the Federal securities laws or applicable state securities

laws, it being expressly understood and agreed that the Depositary and any

Depositary's Agent are acting only in a ministerial capacity as Depositary

for the Preferred Stock.

Neither the Depositary (or its officers, directors, employees or

agents) nor any Depositary's Agent makes any representation or has any

responsibility as to the validity of the Registration Statement pursuant to

which the Depositary Shares are registered under the Act, the Preferred

Stock, the Depositary Shares or the Receipts (except for its counter-

signatures thereon) or any instruments referred to therein or herein, or as

to the correctness of any statement made therein or herein.

The Depositary assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the

description that appears in the Receipts, which can be taken as a statement

of the Company summarizing certain provisions of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding any other provision herein or in the Receipts, the

Depositary makes no warranties or representations as to the validity,

genuineness or sufficiency of any Preferred Stock at any time deposited

with the Depositary hereunder or of the Depositary Shares, as to the

validity or sufficiency of this Agreement, as to the value of the

Depositary Shares or as to any right, title or interest of the Record

Holders of Receipts in and to the Depositary Shares. The Depositary shall

not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the

Depositary Shares or the Receipts or the proceeds thereof.

The Depositary shall have no duty to make advances, or payments of any

kind, from its own funds. Payments hereunder shall be made by the

Depositary only after, and conditioned upon, receipt of available funds in

accordance with Section 4.01 hereof.

SECTION 5.04. Resignation and Removal of the Depositary; Appointment

of Successor Depositary. The Depositary may at any time resign as

Depositary hereunder by notice of its election to do so delivered to the

Company, such resignation to take effect upon the appointment of a

successor Depositary and its acceptance of such appointment as herein

after provided.

The Depositary may at any time be removed by the Company by notice of

such removal delivered to the Depositary, such removal to take effect upon

the appointment of a successor Depositary and its acceptance of such

appointment as herein after provided.

In case at any time the Depositary acting hereunder shall resign or be<PAGE>

removed, the Company shall, within 60 days after the delivery of the notice

of resignation or removal, as the case may be, appoint a successor

Depositary, which shall be a bank or trust company having its principal

office in the United States of America and having a combined capital and

surplus of at least $50,000,000. If no successor Depositary shall have

been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 60 days after

delivery of such notice, the resigning or removed Depositary may petition

any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor

Depositary. Every successor Depositary shall execute and deliver to its

predecessor and to the Company an instrument in writing accepting its

appointment hereunder, and thereupon such successor Depositary, without any

further act or deed, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers,

duties and obligations of its predecessor and for all purposes shall be the

Depositary under this Agreement, and such predecessor, upon payment of all

sums due it and on the written request of the Company, shall execute and

deliver an instrument transferring to such successor all rights and powers

of such predecessor hereunder, shall duly assign, transfer and deliver all

right, title and interest in the Preferred Stock and any moneys or property

held hereunder to such successor, and shall deliver to such successor a

list of the Record Holders of all outstanding Receipts. Any successor

Depositary shall promptly mail notice of its appointment to the Record

Holders of Receipts.

Any corporation into or with which the Depositary may be merged,

consolidated or converted shall be the successor of such Depositary without

the execution or filing of any document or any further act, and notice

thereof shall not be required hereunder. Such successor Depositary may

authenticate the Receipts in the name of the predecessor Depositary or in

the name of the successor Depositary.

SECTION 5.05. Corporate Notices and Reports. The Company agrees that

it shall deliver to the Depositary and the Depositary shall, in reliance

upon the Company's written instructions, promptly after receipt thereof,

forward to the Record Holders of Receipts all notices and reports and other

communications from the Company (including without limitation financial

statements) which are delivered to the Depositary, and which in

the judgment of the Company are required by law, by the rules of any

national securities exchange upon which the Preferred Stock, the Depositary

Shares or the Receipts are listed or by the Company's Restated Articles of

Organization, as amended (including the Certificate of Designation), to be

furnished by the Company to holders of shares of Preferred Stock. Such

transmission will be to the addresses for Record Holders in the

Depositary's books and will be at the Company's expense and the Company

will provide the Depositary with such number of copies as the Depositary

may reasonably request.

SECTION 5.06. Indemnification.

The Company shall indemnify the Depositary (including its directors,

officers, employees and agents), any Depositary's Agent and any Registrar

against, and hold each of them harmless from, any loss, liability or

expense (including fees and expenses of counsel and the costs and expenses

of defending itself) that may arise out of (i) acts performed or omitted in

connection with this Deposit Agreement and the Receipts (a) by the<PAGE>

Depositary, any Registrar or any of their respective agents (including any

Depositary's Agent), except for any liability arising out of gross

negligence or bad faith on the respective parts of any such person or

persons, or (b) by the Company or any of its agents, or (ii) the offer,

sale or registration of the Receipts, the Depositary Shares or the

Preferred Stock pursuant to the provisions hereof. This indemnification

shall survive the termination of this Agreement and, as to the Depositary,

the appointment of a successor thereto in any function.

SECTION 5.07. Charges and Expenses. The Company shall pay all

transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the

existence of the depositary arrangements. The Company shall pay all

charges of the Depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the

Preferred Stock and the initial issuance of the Depositary Shares,

redemption of the Preferred Stock at the option of the Company and all

withdrawals of shares of the Preferred Stock by owners of Depositary

Shares. All other transfer and other taxes and governmental charges shall

be at the expense of Record Holders of Depositary Shares. If, at the

request of a Record Holder of Receipts, the Depositary incurs charges or

expenses for which it is not otherwise liable hereunder, such Record Holder

will be liable for such charges and expenses. The Company agrees to pay

all other reasonable and customary charges and expenses of the Depositary

and any Depositary's Agent hereunder and of any Registrar (including, in

each case, fees and expenses of counsel) incident to the performance

of their respective obligations hereunder, including any other reasonable

and customary charges and expenses incurred by the Depositary under the

second paragraph of Section 6.02.

ARTICLE VI

Amendment and Termination

SECTION 6.01. Amendment. The form of the Receipts and any provisions

of this Agreement may at any time and from time to time be amended by

agreement between the Company and the Depositary in any respect which they

may deem necessary or desirable; provided, however, that no such amendment

(other than any change in the fees of any Depositary, Registrar or

Depositary's Agent, which shall go into effect not sooner than three

months after notice thereof to the Record Holders of the Receipts) that

shall materially and adversely alter the rights of the Record holders of

Receipts shall be effective unless such amendment shall have been approved

by the Record Holders of at least a majority of the Depositary Shares then

outstanding. Any amendment that shall impose any fees, taxes or

charges (other than fees and charges provided for herein or in the

Receipts), or that shall otherwise prejudice any substantial existing right

of Record Holders of Receipts, shall not become effective as to outstanding

Receipts until the expiration of 30 days after notice of such amendment

shall have been given to the Record Holders of outstanding Receipts. Every

Record Holder of an outstanding Receipt at the time any such amendment

becomes effective shall be deemed, by continuing to hold such Receipt, to

consent and agree to such amendment and to be bound by this Agreement as

amended thereby.

SECTION 6.02. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by the<PAGE>

Company or the Depositary only after (a) (i) all outstanding Depositary

Shares shall have been redeemed pursuant to Section 2.03 or surrendered

pursuant to Section 2.05 or (ii) there shall have been made a final

distribution in respect of the Preferred Stock in connection with

any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company and such

distribution shall have been distributed to the Record Holders of

Depositary Shares pursuant to Section 4.01 or 4.02, as applicable and (b)

reasonable notice has been given to any remaining Record Holders of

Receipts.

If any Receipts shall remain outstanding after the date of termination

of this Agreement, the Depositary thereafter shall discontinue the transfer

of Receipts, shall suspend the distribution of dividends to the Record

Holders thereof and shall not give any further notices (other than notice

of such termination) or perform any future acts under this Agreement,

except that the Depositary shall continue to collect dividends and other

distributions pertaining to Preferred Stock, shall sell rights, preferences

or privileges as provided in this Agreement and shall continue to deliver

the Preferred Stock and any money and other property represented by

Receipts upon surrender thereof by the Record Holders thereof. After the

expiration of two years from the date of termination, the Depositary shall

remit to the Company the remaining Preferred Stock and any money and other

property represented by Receipts that have not therefore been surrendered

(including any interest earned on such amounts during such two year

period), along with all registers and records relating thereto; provided,

however, that the Depositary shall be entitled to deduct from such

amounts (or, if such amounts are insufficient, shall be entitled to

liquidate Preferred Stock) to reimburse itself for any amounts still due

and owing to the Depositary. After such remittance, the Depositary shall

be discharged from all obligations under this Deposit Agreement.

Upon the termination of this Agreement, the Company shall be

discharged from all obligations under this Deposit Agreement except for its

obligations to the Depositary, any Depositary's Agent and any Registrar

under Sections 5.06 and 5.07.

ARTICLE VII

Miscellaneous

SECTION 7.01. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any

number of counterparts, and by each of the parties hereto on separate

counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed and delivered,

shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts taken together shall

constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed

counterpart of a signature page to this Deposit Agreement by telecopier

shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this

Deposit Agreement. Copies of this Deposit Agreement shall be filed with

the Depositary and the Depositary's Agents and shall be open to inspection

during business hours at the Depositary's Office and the respective offices

of the Depositary's Agents, if any, by any Record Holder of a Receipt.

SECTION 7.02. Record Holders of Receipts are Parties; Exclusive

Benefit of Parties. The Record Holders of Receipts from time to time shall<PAGE>

be parties to this Agreement and shall be bound by all of the terms and

conditions hereof and of the Receipts by acceptance of delivery thereof.

This Agreement is for the exclusive benefit of the parties hereto, and

their respective successors hereunder, and shall not be deemed to give any

legal or equitable right, remedy or claim to any other person whatsoever.

SECTION 7.03. Invalidity of Provisions. In case any one or more of

the provisions contained in this Agreement or in the Receipts should be or

become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity,

legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein or

therein shall in no way be affected, prejudiced or disturbed thereby.

SECTION 7.04. Notices. Any and all notices to be given to the

Company hereunder or under the Receipts shall be in writing and shall be

deemed to have been duly given if personally delivered or sent by mail or

by telegram or telex confirmed by letter, addressed to the Company at 111

Powdermill Road, Maynard, MA 01754-1418, attention of Ilene B. Jacobs,

Vice President and Treasurer (MS02-2/F23), with a copy to Gail S. Mann,

Esq., Secretary and Clerk (MS02-3/F13), or at any other address of which

the Company shall have notified the Depositary in writing.

Any and all notices to be given to the Depositary hereunder (i) by the

Company shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if

personally delivered or sent by mail or by telegram or telex confirmed by

letter or by telephone, addressed to the Depositary, at 120 Wall Street,

13th Floor, New York, New York 10043, Attn: John Reasor; or (ii) by a

Record Holder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly

given if personally delivered or sent by mail or by telegram or telex

confirmed by letter at (212) 480-1614, or by telecopy at (201) 262-2541,

addressed to the Depositary, at 111 Wall Street, 5th Floor, New York, New

York 10043, or at any other address of which the Depositary shall have

notified the Company in writing.

Any and all notices to be given to any Record Holder of a Receipt

hereunder or under the Receipts shall be in writing and shall be deemed to

have been duly given if personally delivered or sent by mail or by telegram

or telex confirmed by letter, addressed to such Record Holder at the

address of such Record Holder as it appears on the books of the

Depositary, or if such Record Holder shall have filed with the Depositary a

written request that notices intended for such Record Holder be mailed to

some other address, at the address designated in such request.

Delivery of a notice sent by mail or by telegram or telex shall be

deemed to be effected at the time when a duly addressed letter containing

the same (or a confirmation thereof in the case of a telegram or telex

message) is deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office letter box. The

Depositary or the Company may, however, act upon any telegram or telex

message received by it from the other or from any Record Holder of a

Receipt, notwithstanding that such telegram or telex message shall not

subsequently be confirmed by letter or as aforesaid.

SECTION 7.05. Depositary's Agents. The Depositary may from time to

time appoint Depositary's Agents to act in any respect for the Depositary

for the purposes of this Agreement and may at any time appoint additional<PAGE>

Depositary's Agents and vary or terminate the appointment of such

Depositary's Agents. The Depositary will notify the Company of

any such action. The Company hereby also appoints the Depositary as

Registrar and Transfer Agent in respect of the Receipts and the Depositary

hereby accepts such appointments.

SECTION 7.06. Governing Law. This Agreement and the Receipts and all

rights hereunder and thereunder and provisions hereof and thereof shall be

governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth

of Massachusetts; provided, however, that the rights and duties of the

Depositary shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws

of the State of New York.

SECTION 7.07. Inspection of Agreement. Copies of this Agreement

shall be filed with the Depositary and shall be open to inspection during

business hours at the Depositary's office by any Record Holder of a

Receipt.

SECTION 7.08. Headings. The headings of articles and sections in

this Agreement and in the form of the Receipt set forth in Exhibit A hereto

have been inserted for convenience only and are not to be regarded as a

part of this Agreement or the Receipts or have any bearing upon the meaning

or interpretation of any provision contained herein or in the Receipts.

SECTION 7.09. Board of Directors. All references to any actions to

be taken by the Company's Board of Directors shall be deemed to include

actions taken by either the Company's Board of Directors or an authorized

committee thereof.<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Depositary have duly executed

this Agreement as of the day and year first above set forth, and all

holders of Receipts shall become parties hereto by and upon acceptance by

them of delivery of Receipt issued in accordance with the terms hereof.

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION 

/s/ Ilene B. Jacobs

By_____________________________________

Vice President and Treasurer

Attested by

/s/ Gail S. Mann

_____________________________

[SEAL] Secretary and Clerk

CITIBANK, N.A., as Depositary

/s/ John Reasor

By_____________________________________

Attested by

_____________________________

[SEAL]<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>