<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950112-94-001858.txt : 19940715
<IMS-HEADER>0000950112-94-001858.hdr.sgml : 19940715
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950112-94-001858
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
ITEM INFORMATION:		Acquisition or disposition of assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940713

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PETROLEUM HEAT & POWER CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000736768
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5900
		IRS NUMBER:				061183025
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09358
		FILM NUMBER:		94538634

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2187 ATLANTIC ST
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033255400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		2187 ATLANTIC ST
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06902
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>PETROLEUM HEAT & POWER CO., INC.
<TEXT>
================================================================================

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

--------------------------------------

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) June 30, 1994

PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Minnesota 2-88526 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File No.)

Clearwater House
2187 Atlantic Street
Stamford, Connecticut 06902
(Address of principal executive offices) Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (203) 325-5400

================================================================================

<PAGE>

Item 1. Change in Control of Registrant.
None

Item 2. Acquisition Or Disposition of Assets.

On June 30, 1994, Petroleum Heat and Power Co., Inc. (the "Company")
acquired the home heating business operations and assets of DeBlois Oil
Company (the "Seller") based in Rhode Island and certain areas of
Massachusetts relating specifically to its (a) retail delivered home,
commercial and industrial #2 fuel oil business, (b) retail delivered kerosene
for home heating business, (c) retail delivered home, commercial and
industrial propane business and (d) sale, installation and servicing of
heating equipment and air-conditioning equipment business (collectively, the
"Acquired Business"), pursuant to a purchase agreement dated as of May 31,
1994 among the Company, the Seller and Seller's shareholders. The assets
acquired included the customer lists, goodwill, motor vehicles, real property
and inventories of the Acquired Business. The Company intends to continue to
devote the assets acquired from Seller in the conduct of its home heating
business.

The purchase price for the Acquired Business was $16,794,000. Of this
amount, $15,226,000 was paid in cash at the Closing and $1,568,000 was paid
by assuming certain liabilities. The amount of consideration for the
Acquired Business was determined by arms-length negotiations between the
Company and the Seller. The acquisition was funded with working capital of
the Company.

Item 3. Bankruptcy Or Receivership.

None

Item 4. Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant.

None

Item 5. Other Events.

None

Item 6. Resignation of Registrant's Directors. 

None

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a)-(b) It is impracticable for the Company at this time to file the
audited financial statements of the acquired business, as well as the pro
forma financial information required relative to the acquired business. Such
financial statements shall be provided to the Securities and Exchange
Commission as soon as they become available, in any event no later than sixty
days from the date hereof.

(c) The following document is filed herewith as an exhibit:

(1) Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 31, 1994, among the
Company, the Seller and Seller's shareholders.

Item 8. Changes in Fiscal Year.
None

<PAGE>

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO., INC.

/s/ Irik P. Sevin 
----------------------------------------------
Name: Irik P. Sevin 
Title: President, Chairman of the Board
and Chief Financial and Accounting
Officer and Director
Date: July 13, 1994

-2-

<PAGE>

EXHIBITS

Exhibit No. Exhibit
----------- -------

1. Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 31, 1994, among the Company,
the Seller and Seller's shareholders.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>
PURCHASE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") entered into May 31,

1994 by and among DeBLOIS OIL COMPANY, a Rhode Island corporation

having a place of business at Colfax and Concord Streets,

Pawtucket, Rhode Island 02860 ("Seller") and PETROLEUM HEAT AND

POWER CO., INC., a Minnesota corporation having an office at 2187

Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT 06902 (sometimes referred to herein

as "Buyer"), ROBERT E. DeBLOIS, residing at 455 Narragansett Bay

Avenue, Warwick, RI 02889, CHARLES H. DeBLOIS, JR., residing at 6

Running Stream Road, Rehoboth, MA 02769, STEPHEN J. DeBLOIS,

residing at 7 Lee Ann Drive, Narragansett, RI 02882, ARTHUR J.

DeBLOIS, JR., residing at 61 Bagy Wrinkle Cove, Warren, RI 02885

and ARTHUR J. DeBLOIS, III, residing at 404 Prospect Street,

Seekonk, MA 02771 (collectively the "Shareholders"). 

1. Recitals. This Agreement is entered into with
--------

reference to the following facts:

1.1 Buyer desires to purchase from Seller, and

Seller desires to sell and to transfer to Buyer, substantially

all of the business operations and assets of Seller relating to

its (a) retail delivered home, commercial and industrial non-Bid

#2 fuel oil business, (b) retail non-Bid delivered kerosene for

home heating business (c) retail non-Bid delivered home,

commercial and industrial propane business and (d) sale,

installation and servicing of heating equipment and

airconditioning equipment business, except to properties, service

stations and convenience stores owned or operated by Seller or

its subsidiaries (collectively the "Business"). Seller is

selling to Buyer only the operations and assets of Seller

relating to the Business and

<PAGE>

specifically identified herein and no other operations or assets,

including, without limitation any operations or assets relating

to the Excluded Business as hereinafter defined. 

1.2 Seller is retaining all businesses conducted

by Seller or its subsidiaries other than the Business including

without limitation: (a) sale of all products on a wholesale

basis, (b) retail sale of propane from fixed locations, i.e.

filling operations, (c) sale of all products on a Bid basis other

than to Customers and (d) operation of gasoline stations and

convenience stores and sale of all automotive fuels, including

diesel, propane and such other products as may come into use as

such in the future (collectively the "Excluded Business").

2. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the fol-
-----------

lowing terms shall have the following meanings:

2.1 "Customer" shall mean any person, firm or

corporation which has purchased at retail on a delivered non-Bid

basis for consumption and not for resale any #2 fuel oil, propane

or kerosene from the Business during the period beginning on

January 1, 1993 and ending on the date of the Closing.

2.2 "Customer Information" shall mean the names

and addresses of all Customers as of the Closing, together with

all related credit, service and delivery information in Seller's

possession or control.

2.3 "Customer List" shall mean all documentation

in Seller's possession or control containing Customer

Information.

2

<PAGE>

2.4 "Active Customer" means a Customer who has

not terminated, nor has Seller any knowledge of the Customer's

intention to terminate or modify its normal business relationship

with Seller, and the Seller has not cancelled or modified, and

based upon facts known to the Seller, Seller does not intend to

cancel or modify, such relationship.

2.5 "Territory" means the State of Rhode Island

and the Towns of Uxbridge, Blackstone, Bellingham, Franklin,

Wrentham, Plainville, North Attleboro, Mansfield, Norton,

Attleboro, Seekonk, Rehoboth, Dighton, Swansea, and Somerset in

the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

2.6 "Bid" means a sale of fuel oil, propane or

kerosene, to any consumer which has purchased or in the future

purchases pursuant to an agreement which provides a specific

price or pricing formula for a contractually required specific

period of time; provided, however, that sales described on

Exhibit 4.4(b) shall not be deemed Bid sales.

2.7 "C.O.D." means the Customer is required to

pay for deliveries of fuel oil, at or prior to the time of

delivery, but does not include budget plan customers.

2.8 "Goodwill" means the goodwill of the Business

including the tradenames ("Tradenames") and telephone numbers

used by the Business to service the Customers as set forth on

Exhibit 2.8.1.

2.9 "Net Dollar Sale" means gross sales less all

discounts, rebates, allowances, taxes and credits.

3

<PAGE>

2.10 "Knowledge of Seller", "to Seller's

knowledge" and comparable terms used in this Agreement mean the

actual knowledge of Robert E. DeBlois, Charles H. DeBlois, Jr.,

Stephen J. DeBlois or Arthur J. DeBlois, III.

3. Sale and Purchase of the Assets.
-------------------------------

3.1 On the terms and subject to the provisions

contained herein, Seller agrees to sell and transfer to Buyer and

Buyer agrees to purchase from Seller, at the Closing, free and

clear of any and all liens and encumbrances and other charges,

except as set forth herein, those assets of Seller related to the

Business and specifically described in Paragraph 3.2 hereof.

3.2 The purchase price ("Purchase Price") for the

assets of Seller referred to in Paragraph 3.1 to be acquired by

Buyer (sometimes referred to herein collectively as the "Assets")

shall be determined and allocated as follows:

4

<PAGE>

Description Purchase Price
----------- --------------

Customer List $ 10,000

Goodwill $ 10,327,000

Restrictive Covenant of Shareholders $ 1,250,000

Restrictive Covenant of Seller $ 750,000

The motor vehicles described on Exhibit $ 1,120,000
3.2.1 (the "Vehicles")

The real property described on Exhibit $ 1,058,000
3.2.2 ("Purchased Real Property")

Propane assets as described on Exhibit $ 1,556,000
------------
3.2.3 ("Propane Assets")
$ 16,071,000(1)

The burner and automotive service parts, To be determined
inventories of the Business as of the pursuant to para-
Closing (the "Service Parts") graph 3.3(a)

The liquid inventories of the Business To be determined
as of the Closing (the "Liquid pursuant to para-
Inventory") graph 3.3(b)2

To be determined
Miscellaneous assets of the Business set pursuant to para-
forth on Exhibit 3.2.4 ("Miscellaneous graph 3.3(c)
Assets")

________________
1 Seller reserves the right to delete from this transaction
kerosene delivered through central tanks and Buyer will receive a
credit of $.615 per gallon delivered by Seller to such Customers
during the 12 months ended May 31, 1994. If prior to September
30, 1994 Seller installs individual tanks for any person whose
deliveries were previously through central tanks and such person
desires to make a purchase of kerosene from Buyer, then Buyer
shall pay to Seller the amount of the credit Buyer received at
the closing with respect to such Customer.

2 Liquid Inventory not in Vehicles or at Purchased Real Property
conveyed to Buyer at the Closing, will be purchased when lifted
by Buyer which shall be within 10 days of Closing. Payment terms
are net, 10 days.

5

<PAGE>

Buyer is assuming no obligations, liabilities or

commitments of Seller of any nature and description other than

the Assumed Liabilities (as defined in Paragraph 13.2).

3.3 (a) As of the close of business on the day

before the Closing, Buyer and Seller will together take a

physical inventory of the Service Parts and the purchase price

therefor will be the amount actually paid by Seller for the items

on hand as determined by Buyer and Seller and on a physical count

of the items actually present; provided, however, that an appro-

priate allowance shall be made for used or damaged items or items

unusable in the Business. If the Buyer and Seller cannot

establish the amount actually paid by Seller for any item, then

each shall designate its customary supplier of such item and the

purchase price shall be the average price normally paid by Buyer

and Seller for such items after the application of all discounts

normally available to the parties.

(b) As of the close of business on the day

before the Closing, Buyer and Seller will together measure the

number of gallons of Liquid Inventory owned by Seller. The

purchase price per gallon for the Liquid Inventory shall be the

prices actually paid by Seller based on its most recent invoices. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer shall not be required to

accept and pay for more than 300,000 gallons of #2 fuel oil,

25,000 gallons of propane and 15,000 gallons of kerosene.

(c) Prior to the Closing, the parties will

endeavor to agree upon the purchase price for the Miscellaneous

Assets. If the parties cannot agree, then each party shall

6

<PAGE>

designate an appraiser of items of the type comprising the

Miscellaneous Assets to appraise them at their wholesale value.

The purchase price for each item shall be the average of the two

appraisals; provided, however, that (i) the total purchase price

shall not exceed $150,000 (ii) the Seller may elect to retain any

item and not sell it to Buyer hereunder and (iii) the failure for

any reason to determine the purchase price for the Miscellaneous

Assets prior to the Closing Date shall not delay the Closing.

3.4 The Purchase Price shall be reduced by

crediting the Buyer with the following amounts:

(1) The unearned portion of Customer

service contracts to be determined by multiplying the amount

billed on each contract by a fraction the numerator of which is

the number of unexpired months of the contract as of the Closing

and the denominator of which is the number of months of the full

contract term. A contract expiring before the 15th day of a

month shall be deemed to expire on the last day of the preceding

month and a contract expiring on or after the 15th day of a month

shall be deemed to expire on the last day of the month.

(2) All credit balances of Customers.

(3) Accrued employee benefits of those

employees of Seller to be hired by Buyer.

(4) Discounts and interest, if any,

earned but not yet paid.

3.5 The Purchase Price will be paid as follows:

(a) Upon execution of this Agreement, the

Buyer has deposited the sum of $1,500,000 with Messrs. Partridge,

7

<PAGE>

Snow & Hahn, as escrow agents to be held pursuant to an escrow

agreement of even date (the "Escrow Agreement"). At the Closing

the escrow deposit will be paid to Seller in reduction of the

Purchase Price. If there is no Closing due to the Buyer's breach

or default the escrow deposit shall be paid to Seller as

liquidated damages in lieu of all other remedies available to

Seller and Buyer shall have no further liability to Seller

arising out of or relating to this Agreement. If there is no

closing for any other reason, the escrow deposit will be paid to

Buyer in accordance with the Escrow Agreement without prejudice

to any claim either party may have against the other.

(b) The balance of the Purchase Price shall

be paid by Buyer to Seller at the Closing by wire transfer. 

4. Representations and Warranties of Seller.
----------------------------------------

To induce the Buyer to enter into this Agreement

and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein, Seller

hereby represents and warrants to Buyer, as follows:

4.1 Organization, Qualification, Etc.
--------------------------------

Seller is a corporation duly organized,

validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State

of Rhode Island and has all requisite power and authority to own,

lease and operate its properties and to carry on the Business as

now being conducted.

4.2 Capital Stock, Options, Etc.
---------------------------

Intentionally deleted.

8

<PAGE>

4.3 Liens, Compliance with Law, Etc.
-------------------------------

The execution, delivery and performance of

this Agreement by Seller and the consummation of the transactions

contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite

action, as required under applicable law, and no further

authorization will be necessary on the part of the Seller for the

execution, delivery, performance, or consummation of this Agree-

ment. Seller has the power and authority to enter into this

Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Except for consents of Fleet National Bank and Citizens Trust

Company, the execution, delivery and performance of this

Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby will not, with

or without the giving of notice and/or the passage of time,

conflict with, result in the breach or termination of any

provision of, constitute a default under, or result in the

creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the

properties or assets of the Business pursuant to any charter, by-

law, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or

instrument to which Seller is a party or by which Seller, or its

assets or properties are bound, or, to the knowledge of Seller,

violate any provision of law applicable to Seller, except such

breaches, defaults, liens, charges, encumbrances and violations

as do not, either individually or in the aggregate, materially

and adversely affect the Assets or the Business or Seller's

ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Except for compliance with the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust

Improvements Act of 1976 ("HSR Act"), no approval of, or filing

with, any Federal, state or local governmental

9

<PAGE>

authority or administrative agency is necessary to authorize the

execution of this Agreement by Seller or Shareholders or the

consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. This

Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of

Seller and Shareholders enforceable against Seller and

Shareholders in accordance with its terms.

4.4 Customer Information. With respect to the
--------------------

Customers:

(a) (i) On December 31, 1993, Seller had no

fewer than 17,373 Active Customers. As of the Closing the Seller

will have at least 16,510 Active Customers.

(ii) On December 31, 1993, at least 

87% of the Active Customers were on Seller's automatic delivery

system; at least 97% of the Active Customers were residential

customers purchasing at an annual rate of less than 2,500 gallons

and no more than 2% of the Active Customers were purchasing on a

C.O.D. basis. The Customer Information includes the name and

address of each Customer.

(iii) At the Closing at least 98% of

the Customers will be located in the Territory.

(iv) During the 12 months ended

December 31, 1993, and the three months ended March 31, 1994, the

Seller sold at least 17,887,408 gallons of #2 fuel oil and

9,373,266 gallons of #2 fuel oil, respectively, to Customers. 

The following tables accurately sets forth for each month listed

below the number of gallons of #2 fuel oil sold by Seller to

Retail Customers, Net Dollar Sales and the Posted Price of #2

fuel oil:

10

<PAGE>

#2 FUEL OIL SALES TO RETAIL CUSTOMERS

Gallons $ Posting(1)
-------- ----------- ----------

January 1, 1993 2,899,452 2,801,375 .999
February 3,015,163 2,912,097 .999
March 3,050,359 2,984,969 .999
April 1,460,700 1,404,529 .999
May 611,065 591,605 .999
June 455,443 429,826 .999
July 317,257 293,953 .959
August 346,507 319,195 .959
September 681,087 630,252 .959
October 996,982 940,429 .979
November 1,609,314 1,514,314 .979
December 2,444,079 2,260,954 .979
---------- ----------

Total 17,887,408 17,083,498

Gallons $ Posting(2)
-------- ----------- ----------

January 1994 3,601,229 3,339,563 .959
February 3,090,128 2,981,922 .979
March 2,681,909 2,580,022 .999
--------- ---------

Total 9,373,266 8,901,507

(v) During the 12 months ended December

31, 1993, Seller sold the following number of gallons of propane

and kerosene on a delivered basis at the Net Dollar Sales set

forth:

Product Gallons $ 
------- ------- -------

Propane 1,100,185 1,026,568

Kerosene 473,184 574,121

--------------------

1 Postings for different locations and Intramonth changes are set
forth on Exhibit 4.4(a).

2 Postings for different locations and Intramonth changes are set
forth on Exhibit 4.4(a).

11

<PAGE>

As of December 31, 1993, Seller had 1,358 Active

Propane Customers and 1,130 Active Kerosene Customers.

(b) During the 12 months ended December 31,

1993, Seller sold no more than 280,000 gallons of delivered #2

fuel oil at a guaranteed or fixed price and no more than

11,850,000 gallons of delivered #2 fuel oil under an arrangement

which guaranteed a maximum price. All such existing arrangements

are described on Exhibit 4.4(b). 

(c) Annexed as Exhibit 4.4(c) are Seller's

standard forms of customer service contract. As of December 31,

1993, Seller had no fewer than 15,586 Customers on burner service

contracts.

(d) For the 12 months ended December 31,

1993, Seller's Total Dollar Sales billed under service contracts,

other than under service contract and installation revenue were

as follows:

Service 
Billed Under Other than Under
Service Contract Service Contract Installation
---------------- ---------------- ------------

$1,155,367 $440,083 $1,649,223

(e) Exhibit 4.4(e) is a true, complete and

accurate aging of the accounts receivable of the Customers as of

June 30, 1993, September 30, 1993, December 31, 1993 and March

31, 1994.

(f) During the 12 months ended December 31,

1993, Seller sold no more than 1,220,000 gallons of #2 fuel oil

to

12

<PAGE>

Retail Customers who purchased more than 5,000 gallons. Exhibit

4.4(f) is a list of each Retail Customer who purchased more than

5,000 gallons of #2 fuel oil during the 12 months ended December

31, 1993 and all Retail Customers presently receiving a discount

of more than $.05 per gallon with their current discount. 

For purposes of this subparagraph (f)

only, all delivery points with the same billing address shall be

considered one Customer. Except for the activities of the

Business and the Excluded Business, neither Seller, nor any

affiliate of Seller, sells any product or provides any service to

any of the Customers.

(g) Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.4(g),

Seller made no acquisitions of other fuel oil or propane

distributors within the past five years.

(h) Seller has not disclosed a material

portion of the Customer Information to any person or entity other

than its present computer company, except that certain of

Seller's employees have access to a copy of a list of the

Customers on the Seller's premises on a daily basis to perform

their required duties. No person other than Seller has

possession of a list of the names and addresses of a material

number of the Customers and all such lists shall be delivered to

Buyer at the Closing. Seller may retain such Customer

Information as is required to verify collection of its accounts

receivable, but shall deliver such Customers Information to Buyer

immediately following the Collection Period (as defined in

Article 16); provided, however, that Seller may retain Customer

Information which it is required to retain

13

<PAGE>

under applicable law and Customer Information for Customers whose

accounts receivable remain uncollected and are not purchased by

Buyer at the end of the Collection Period.

(i) Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.4(i),

Seller does not subcontract the delivery of petroleum products,

the provision of installation or maintenance services or the

performance of any service normally furnished by employees, to

any independent contractor, nor has Seller terminated any such

relationship during the period of 24 months prior to the date of

this Agreement. Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.4(i), Seller

employed no subcontractor during the 12 months ended December 31,

1993 and to the knowledge of Seller and Shareholders all heating

equipment maintenance and installation services are provided to

Customers either directly by Seller or by a subcontractor listed

on Exhibit 4.4(i).

(j) Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.4(j),

Seller has no program or policy pursuant to which it provides

discounts, interest, free gallonage, free service, extensions of

credit or any other accommodation to Customers based upon volume

purchased, age, prompt payments, their participation in Seller's

budget program, or otherwise.

(k) Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.4(k),

Seller does not deliver any petroleum products to Customers

through a central tank or delivery system.

(l) Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.4(l),

to the knowledge of Seller, no present employee of Seller was a

shareholder of a fuel oil or propane distributor acquired by

Seller

14

<PAGE>

since December 31, 1989 nor a dispatcher or salesman employed by

any such acquired fuel oil or propane distributor. Except as set

forth on Exhibit 4.4(l), to the knowledge of Seller no person who

was an owner, employee or independent contractor of Seller since

July 1, 1991 or any distributor acquired by Seller since July 1,

1989 solicited the patronage of more than 25 of the Customers in

any business which is, in whole or in part, competitive with the

Business.

(m) Seller does not sell any petroleum

products through cooperatives or buying groups or their members.

4.5 Personal Property.
-----------------

(a) Seller shall transfer to Buyer at the

Closing good and marketable title to all of the personal property

included in the Assets free and clear of all liens, leases,

encumbrances and security interests. Each item of tangible

personal property shall be delivered to the Buyer at the Closing

in its condition "as is" as of the date that the value of such

item is established for purposes of this Agreement; provided,

however, Seller represents that, to the knowledge of Seller and

Shareholders, such tangible personal property, is in substantial

conformity with all material applicable regulations, ordinances

and other laws, and in its present condition can be used for its

intended purpose, subject to routine maintenance and ordinary

wear and tear. All Vehicles shall be delivered at Closing with

all documentation (not including insurance) necessary so that

Buyer may obtain required permits, licenses and registrations.

15

<PAGE>

(b) The only tradenames used by Seller in

connection with the Business are the Tradenames. There are no

adverse claims, liens or encumbrances upon or affecting the

Tradenames; Seller has not agreed to discontinue using the

Tradenames after a specified period; to the knowledge of Seller,

no other person is using any name similar to the Tradenames in

connection with the sale of petroleum products in the Territory;

Seller has the unrestricted right to use the Tradenames in

connection with the Business, and Seller has given no other party

the right to use the Tradenames in connection with the sale of

petroleum products.

(c) All Liquid Inventory will be (i) of a

quality sufficient to meet Providence Harbor specifications, (ii)

of a quality usable by Buyer and saleable at normal selling

prices in the normal course of the Business and (iii) located in

the Vehicles, the deep-water terminal operated by Providence

Terminal Associates II and the inland terminals located at the

Purchased Real Property.

4.6 Litigation.
----------

Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.6.1 and

except for claims that are fully insured, (i) there are no

material claims, actions, suits or proceedings before any

Federal, state, municipal or other court, governmental body or

arbitration tribunal, pending or to the knowledge of Seller

threatened against or affecting the Assets, the Business or the

transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) there is no

existing order, decree or judgment of any court enjoining or

restraining Seller or

16

<PAGE>

its officers or requiring any of them to take any action of any

kind affecting the subject matter of this transaction and (iii)

except for normal collection efforts, the Seller is not presently

engaged in or contemplating any legal action seeking recoveries

with respect to monies due to it or damages sustained by it. To

the knowledge of Seller, Seller has conducted its business so

that it has not violated any domestic (Federal, state or local)

law, statute, ordinance or regulation.

4.7 Labor Disputes.
--------------

(a) To the knowledge of Seller, (i) Seller

is in compliance with all Federal, state and local laws

respecting employment and employment practices, terms and condi-

tions of employment and wages and hours; (ii) Seller is not

engaged in any unfair labor practice; (iii) there is no unfair

labor practice charge or complaint against Seller pending before

the National Labor Relations Board. 

(b) As of the date of the execution of this

Agreement, (i) there is no unionizing activity pending or, to the

knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller, (ii) no labor

union represents nor to Seller's knowledge is any labor union

presently seeking to represent the employees of Seller nor has

any labor union sought such representation in the last five years

and (iii) no grievance arbitration proceeding is pending and to

Seller's knowledge no claim therefor has been asserted.

17

<PAGE>

4.8 Employee Benefits.
-----------------

To and including the Closing Date, Seller has

made or will make, when due, all payments (whether arising by

operation of law, by contract or by past custom), due to

employees or to trusts or other funds or to any governmental

agency with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social

security benefits, or any other benefits for employees of the

Seller. With respect to periods of employment prior to the

Closing all forms of compensation earned by employees whether

arising by operation of law, by contract or by past customs

including, but not limited to, vacation pay, holiday pay, sick

pay, profit sharing and bonuses have been accrued and paid, or,

will be credited by Seller to Buyer (and assumed by Buyer)

pursuant to Paragraph 3.4.

4.9 Employees.
---------

Seller has no knowledge as of the date of

execution of this Agreement that any employee of the Business,

intends to terminate or modify his employment relationship with

Seller as of the date hereof or that any such employee will

refuse employment by Buyer. Exhibit 4.9.1 contains a correct and

complete list of (i) all employees of the Business (including the

current basis and rate of compensation, bonuses paid in the last

fiscal year, salary review date and date of hire) and all

individuals whose employment by the Business was terminated since

January 1, 1992 and (ii) all commission salesmen of the Business

setting forth each of their bases and rates of compensation and

setting forth the gross salary and/or the commission paid or

payable to each of them in respect of calendar year 1993 and all

commission salesmen

18

<PAGE>

terminated since January 1, 1992. Except as set forth on Exhibit

4.9.2, Seller does not maintain or make contributions to any

pension plan, profit sharing plan or any welfare benefit plan for

employees of the Business. Seller is not indebted to any

employee of the Business, in any amount whatsoever, other than

for current salaries or bonuses for services rendered, current

expense allowances, or unpaid commissions to retail salesmen or

other amounts to be allocated between Buyer and Seller pursuant

to paragraph 3.4.

4.10 Conflicting Interest.
--------------------

Except as set forth on Exhibit 4.10, neither

the Seller nor any corporation or other entity which is

controlling, controlled by or under common control with the

Seller, has any direct or indirect material interest in any

competitor or Customer of the Business. For purposes of this

Paragraph 4.10, an interest shall not be considered material

unless (i) it represents more than ten (10%) per cent of a class

of the outstanding securities or interests of such competitor or

customer or more than a five (5%) per cent interest in the

profits, losses or capital of such entity or (ii) the entity in

which Seller has such interest is directly or indirectly con-

trolled by the Seller. 

4.11 Purchased Real Property.
-----------------------

Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer as

follows (except that each of the representations contained in

subparagraphs (a) through (o), are made only to Seller's

knowledge):

(a) Seller is the sole and exclusive owner

of, and has good, clear, record and marketable title to, the

Purchased

19

<PAGE>

Real Property. Seller shall convey and Buyer shall accept title

to the Purchased Real Property in accordance with the terms of

this Agreement free and clear of all liens, leases and security

interests, subject only to the matters set forth on Exhibit 4.11

attached hereto and made a part hereof (collectively, the

"Permitted Exceptions"), and such other matters as do not

materially interfere with the use and occupancy of the Purchased

Real Property in connection with the Business. 

(b) There is no claim, litigation or

proceeding pending threatened against or relating to the

Purchased Real Property, nor does Seller know or have reasonable

ground to know of any basis for any such claim, litigation or

proceeding.

(c) There are no pending or threatened

condemnation or eminent domain proceedings which would affect the

Purchased Real Property or any part thereof.

(d) All buildings, structures and

improvements on the Purchased Real Property are structurally

sound and in good repair and all mechanical equipment, machinery,

air conditioning, heating, plumbing and electrical systems in the

Purchased Real Property are in good operating condition, routine

maintenance and ordinary wear and tear excepted and the roofs and

basements are free of leaks.

(e) All curb cut and street opening permits

or licenses required for vehicular access to and from any part of

the Purchased Real Property to an adjoining public street have

been obtained and paid for in full.

20

<PAGE>

(f) All streets, roads and avenues abutting

the Purchased Real Property are publicly dedicated, legally

placed and in legal operating use. All streets and alleys

located within the perimeter of the Purchased Real Property are

private and have not been dedicated to any public authority and

are included in this sale.

(g) All public utilities required for the

operation of the Purchased Real Property or any part thereof,

either enter the subject real property through adjoining public

streets or if they pass through adjoining private land do so in

accordance with valid public easements or private easements which

will inure to the benefit of Buyer. All of said public utilities

are installed and operating and all installations and connection

charged have been paid in full.

(h) There are no agreements, consent orders,

decrees, judgments, license or permit-conditions, or other

directives, issued by a municipal or other Federal, state or

local governmental or quasi-governmental department or agency

which relate to the future use of the Purchased Real Property or

require any change in the present condition of the Purchased Real

Property.

(i) There are no actions, suits, claims or

proceedings, pending or threatened, arising out of the condition

of the Purchased Real Property.

(j) All zoning, use, building, housing,

safety, fire and health approvals, and all permits and licenses

necessary to operate, occupy and use the Purchased Real Property

as used by Seller have been issued; are in full force and effect

and

21

<PAGE>

Seller is in full compliance therewith. Seller has not taken any

action or made any improvements which would require amending,

modifying or supplementing the foregoing. Sellers use of the

Purchased Real Property is not in violation of applicable zoning.

(k) There are no outstanding requirements or

recommendations by a holder of a mortgage affecting the Purchased

Real Property or by any insurance company which issued a policy

with respect to the Purchased Real Property or by any board of

fire underwriters or other body exercising similar functions,

requiring or recommending any repairs or work to be done on the

Purchased Real Property.

(l) There are no pending real estate tax

protest proceedings affecting the Purchased Real Property, tax

exemptions or abatements affecting the real estate taxes assessed

against the Purchased Real Property or special assessments. 

(m) Seller has not received notice from the

holder of any lien on the Purchased Real Property asserting that

a default or breach exists or event has occurred which, with the

giving of notice or passage of time or both, would constitute a

default or breach thereunder.

(n) Except as disclosed on Exhibit 4.11,

there are no outstanding contracts made by Seller for the

construction or repair of any improvements to the Purchased Real

Property or other contracts affecting the Purchased Real Property

such as, for example, but not by way of limitation, maintenance

and security agreements.

22

<PAGE>

(o) All buildings, structures and improve-

ments, including, but not limited to, any driveways, garages, and

all means of access, are located completely within the boundary

lines of the Purchased Real Property and do not encroach upon or

under the property of any other person or entity and no building,

structure or improvement of any kind belonging to any other

person or entity other than Seller encroaches upon or under the

Purchased Real Property. 

(p) The air rights over the Purchased Real

Property have not been leased, sold or otherwise transferred by

Seller.

(q) There are no tenants, licensees or other

third parties with claims or rights to possession, use or

occupancy of all or any portion of the Purchased Real Property.

4.12 Environmental Matters. (See Article 13 for
---------------------

definitions). To the knowledge of Seller, except as set forth in

Exhibit 4.12:

(a) The Seller is in full compliance with

all terms and conditions of all Environmental Permits relating to

the Business. All such Environmental Permits are in full force

and effect, and no appeal nor any other action is pending to

revoke any such Environmental Permit. Promptly following

execution of this Agreement, Seller shall provide Buyer with

copies of all such Environmental Permits.

(b) Seller is in compliance in all material

respects with all Environmental Laws with respect to the Business

23

<PAGE>

including, without limitation, all restrictions, conditions,

standards, limitations, prohibitions, requirements, obligations,

schedules and timetables contained in the Environmental Laws or

contained in any regulation, code, plan, order, decree, judgment,

injunction, notice or demand letter issued, entered, promulgated

or approved thereunder and Seller does not have any fixed or

contingent liability for Cleanup (whether on or off-site) under

any of the foregoing.

(c) Promptly following execution of this

Agreement, Seller shall make available to Buyer true and complete

copies of all Environmental Information relating to the Business

and the Purchased Real Property.

(d) There is no civil, criminal or

administrative action, suit, demand, claim, hearing, notice of

violation, investigation, proceeding or notice pending relating

to the Business or the Purchased Real Property or to the know-

ledge of Seller, threatened against the Business or the Purchased

Real Property relating in any way to the Environmental Laws or

any regulation, code, plan, order, decree, judgment, injunction,

notice or demand letter issued, entered, promulgated or approved

thereunder.

(e) Seller has not and no other person has

Released, placed, stored, buried or dumped any Hazardous

Materials or any other wastes produced by, or resulting from, any

business, commercial, or industrial activities, operations, or

processes, on, beneath, or adjacent to the Purchased Real

Property or any property

24

<PAGE>

formerly owned, operated or leased by Seller in connection with

the Business, except in accordance with applicable Environmental

Laws.

(f) No Release or Cleanup occurred at the

Purchased Real Property or elsewhere which could result in the

assertion or creation of a Lien on Seller or the Purchased Real

Property with any governmental body or agency with respect

thereto, nor has any such assertion of a Lien been made by any

governmental body or agency with respect thereto.

(g) Seller has not received any notice or

order from any governmental agency or private or public entity

advising it that it is responsible for or potentially

responsible for Damages or Cleanup or paying for the cost of

Cleanup of any Hazardous Materials or any other waste or

substance with respect to the Business or Purchased Real Property

and Seller has not entered into any agreements concerning such

Damages or Cleanup. Neither the Purchased Real Property nor any

property used in the operation of the Business formerly owned,

operated or leased by Seller since December 31, 1984 is on any

federal, state or local list of hazardous sites, such as the

Environmental Protection Agency's Comprehensive Response,

Compensation and Liability Information System List.

(h) The Purchased Real Property does not

contain: (a) underground storage tanks; (b) asbestos; (c)

equipment using Polychlorinated Biphenyls; (d) underground

injection wells; (e) septic tanks in which process wastewater or

any Hazardous Materials have been disposed by Seller; or (f)

solid waste management units, as the term is defined or used in

the

25

<PAGE>

Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Sec.

6901 et seq.
------

4.13 Completeness of Representations
and Warranties. 
-------------------------------

No representation or warranty of Seller in

this Agreement and no document, certificate or other instrument

or exhibit furnished to Buyer pursuant hereto contains any

materially untrue statement of material fact or omits any

material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained

therein not materially misleading.

5. Representations and Warranties of Buyer.
---------------------------------------

5.1 Buyer hereby represents and warrants to

Seller as follows:

5.2 Buyer is a corporation duly organized,

validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State

of Minnesota and has all requisite power and authority to own,

lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as

now being conducted and to acquire the Assets and carry out its

obligations under the Agreement. Buyer is qualified to do

business and in good standing in the State of Rhode Island as a

foreign corporation.

5.3 The execution, delivery and performance of

this Agreement by Buyer and the consummation of the transactions

contemplated hereby, have been duly authorized by all requisite

action, as required under applicable law and no further

authorization will be necessary on the part of the Buyer for the

execution,

26

<PAGE>

delivery, performance, or consummation of this Agreement. The

Buyer has the power and authority to enter into this Agreement

and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The

execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the

consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by Buyer

will not, with or without the giving of notice and/or the passage

of time, conflict with, result in the breach or termination of

any provision, or constitute a default under, or result in the

creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the

properties or assets of Buyer pursuant to any corporate charter,

by-law, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or

instrument to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer or its

assets or properties is bound, or to the knowledge of Buyer,

violate any provision of law applicable to Buyer. Except for

compliance with the HSR Act, no approval of any Federal, state or

local governmental authority or administrative agency is

necessary to authorize the execution of this Agreement by Buyer

or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding

obligation of the Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance

with its terms.

5.4 Buyer to Comply With Its Obligations.
------------------------------------

Buyer shall use its best efforts to comply

with all of its obligations under this Agreement and to fulfill

all of the conditions precedent to Seller's and Shareholders'

obligations.

27

<PAGE>

6. Operations Pending Closing.
--------------------------

On and after the date hereof and until the

Closing, the Business shall be conducted in accordance with the

following procedures:

6.1 Seller shall conduct the Business in the

regular and ordinary course and Seller shall use its best efforts

to preserve for the Buyer the existing relationships of

customers, employees and others having business relations with

the Business and to maintain the competitive position of the

Business. In particular, but not in limitation of the foregoing,

Seller shall continue its normal degree day delivery schedule and

shall not deliver ahead of such normal schedule.

6.2 (a) During this period, Buyer and its repre-

sentatives may continue to make such reasonable investigations of

the Business and such reasonable investigations of its financial

condition as Buyer deems necessary or advisable to familiarize

itself with such properties and other matters relating thereto. 

Seller shall permit authorized representatives of Buyer to have,

after the date hereof, reasonable access to the premises of the

Seller and its books and records relating to the day to day

operation of the Business and will furnish to Buyer such data and

information with respect to the Business as the Buyer may from

time to time reasonably request. The Buyer shall have the right

to request copies thereof and excerpts therefrom. Except to the

extent required under Paragraph 6.3, Seller shall not be obliged

to reveal the names or addresses of, or otherwise identify,

specific customers. All of Buyer's investigations hereunder

shall be

28

<PAGE>

conducted so as not to interfere with Seller's normal business

activities. The Buyer agrees that should the Closing not occur,

for whatever reason, it will (i) return to Seller all documents

and records delivered to it in connection with this Agreement and

(ii) keep confidential and not divulge to third persons or use in

any competitive endeavor or for any other purpose any of the

information received from Seller in connection with this

Agreement, except as required by a governmental agency.

(b) (i) During this period, Buyer shall

have the right to conduct an environmental review of the

Purchased Real Property and the operations conducted or based at

the Purchased Real Property (the "Environmental Review"). The

Environmental Review shall be conducted by an environmental

engineer selected by the Buyer and reasonably acceptable to

Seller, all at the Buyer's expense. Prior to the time the

Environmental Review commences, the scope of the Environmental

Review shall be agreed upon between Seller's engineer and Buyer's

engineer, with a view towards a complete and comprehensive

review, and Buyer shall provide Seller certificates of insurance

identifying all workers' compensation, commercial general

liability, business automobile liability, and umbrella or excess

liability insurance policies maintained by Buyer's engineer or

any other agent of Buyer (including any subcontractors or

independent agents of Buyer's engineer), showing Seller as an

additional insured on those policies. Buyer shall give Seller

reasonable advance notice of any visits to the Purchased Real

Property in connection with the Environmental Review, including a

statement of the activities expected to be

29

<PAGE>

conducted on each such visit, and will afford to Seller the

opportunity to have its representatives present. In addition,

prior to the commencement of the Environmental Review, Buyer's

engineer and Seller's engineer shall set forth in writing a

protocol for the taking of split samples by Seller's

representatives. Seller agrees to provide Buyer with the

results of any such samples taken after Seller's review of

Buyer's own sampling test results. Buyer agrees to provide to

Seller and Seller's attorney copies of any reports, including any

data generated during sampling, prepared for Buyer by its

employees, contractor or subcontractor(s) concerning the

Purchased Real Property, at the same time copies are delivered to

Buyer. The Environmental Review may include, but shall not be

limited to the following: a review of the land and improvements

at the Purchased Real Property; a review of the operations

conducted or based at the Purchased Real Property including, but

not limited to, the handling of petroleum products, solid wastes

and other Hazardous Materials; interviews of personnel working

for Seller and governmental authorities; testing of above ground

and underground tanks and pipes at the Purchased Real Property;

air monitoring tests; and sampling and analysis of soil, ground

water, surface water and building and construction materials

including samples obtained through the installation of monitoring

wells and any other tests necessary or advisable to ascertain the

existence of environmental conditions and Hazardous Materials. 

Seller shall provide Buyer with access to all documentation in

its possession relating to environmental matters at or relating

to the Purchased Real Property

30

<PAGE>

and operations conducted thereat or based thereon. All of

Buyer's investigations hereunder shall be conducted so as not to

materially interfere with Seller's normal business activities. 

In the event borings are to be drilled or monitoring wells are to

be installed at any of the Purchased Real Property, an employee

of Seller, promptly designated by Seller, shall be present at

such Purchased Real Property at the time (noticed by Buyer in

advance) when the decision is made with respect to the locations

of the borings or monitoring wells, and such employee may object

to their placement prior to such drilling and/or installation if

in his reasonable opinion, such placement would materially

interfere with the conduct of the Business or would cause a

safety hazard. Buyer shall indemnify and hold harmless Seller

from any physical damage to the Purchased Real Property and any

claim, damage, loss, cost or expense (including reasonable

attorneys' fees) arising out of or caused by a material

interference with the Business or the negligence, willful or

intentional conduct of Buyer or its representatives in conducting

the Environmental Review. 

(ii) Buyer and Seller recognize that

during the course of Environmental Review, Seller may disclose

either orally, in writing, or by inspection to Buyer or its

representatives confidential information regarding the affairs of

Seller, including but not limited to records of environmental

management and control. All such information disclosed by Seller

and all information, including samples, developed or obtained by

Buyer or its representatives in connection with or arising out of

the Environmental Review shall be deemed "Confidential

Information"

31

<PAGE>

for purposes of this Agreement. Buyer will retain in confidence,

and will require its employees and agents to retain in

confidence, all Confidential Information unless required by law

to disclose to any governmental authority any Confidential

Information. In the event that Buyer concludes that Buyer or its

representatives are required by law to disclose any Confidential

Information to any governmental authority, Buyer shall notify

Seller of the basis for this conclusion prior to making any such

disclosure and provide Seller with a reasonable opportunity,

subject to the requirements of applicable law and regulation, to

make such disclosure on its own or to initiate appropriate action

to prevent disclosure if Seller concludes such disclosure is not

required by applicable law and regulation and Buyer insists on

disclosing such Confidential Information.

(iii) Upon completion of the

Environmental Review, Buyer's engineer shall prepare a written

report (the "Environmental Report") based on the Environmental

Review setting forth Buyer's engineer's conclusions on the

following issues: (i) whether there exists any unacceptable

environmental condition or instance of threatened or actual non-

compliance with Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits at,

or with respect to, the Purchased Real Property, the operations

conducted thereon or materials which are presently on or in, or

have migrated from, the Purchased Real Property, including an

actual or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials (as

defined under Article 13), which would require remediation

compliance or investigatory efforts under the standards outlined

below ("Required

32

<PAGE>

Remediation"); and (ii) a conservative estimate of the costs of

performing all Required Remediation. For Purchased Real Property

located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the operations

conducted or based thereon, the standard of Required Remediation

shall be the standards, laws, regulations and permits established

or enforced by the Massachusetts Department of Environmental

Protection and applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental

Permits and, additionally, as to compliance matters those

established or enforced by the United States EPA. For Purchased

Real Property located in the State of Rhode Island, and the

operations conducted or based thereon, the standard of Required

Remediation shall be as follows: 

(i) Required Remediation would include all efforts

necessary to satisfy all applicable Environmental

Laws and Environmental Permits and any

requirements or efforts that have been, or are,

identified by the State of Rhode Island Department

of Environmental Management ("RI DEM") in

correspondence or discussions with Buyer's

engineer or Seller at any time prior to the

Closing; and

(ii) Required Remediation at a Purchased Real Property

that is located wholly or partially in areas

currently classified by RI DEM as having "GAA"

groundwaters, "GA" groundwaters, or any

groundwaters of higher quality or equivalent

classification, would include all efforts

necessary

33

<PAGE>

to ensure that any and all groundwaters and

surface waters either on, in, or emanating from,

or which have emanated from, the site, would

contain no substances in concentrations or amounts

exceeding or equal to:

1) Any remedial standards established for such

substances based on the numerical groundwater

quality standards, groundwater goals,

preventive action limits, pollutant

concentration levels, groundwater remediation

objectives, and standards applicable to the

site, as determined through a conservative

interpretation of the Rules and Regulations

for Groundwater Quality, Regulation DEM-GW-

01-92 Sec.Sec. 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 13, 14,

15, 16 and 17 (May 1992), ("RI DEM GA

Standards"); or

2) If there is currently no RI DEM GA Standard

established for any substance contained in

such groundwaters or surface waters, the more

stringent of either, a standard developed by

Buyer's and Seller's engineers, after

consultation with RI DEM and consideration of

all factors established as relevant to RI

DEM, or the most stringent groundwater

standard that would apply to remediating

groundwater at the site if it were subject to

investigatory and remedial action pursuant to

310 CMR

34

<PAGE>

40.0000 ("Massachusetts Contingency Plan");

and

(iii) Required Remediation at a Purchased Real

Property that is located wholly or partially

in areas currently classified by RI DEM as

having "GAA" groundwaters, "GA" groundwaters,

or any groundwaters of higher quality or

equivalent classification, would include all

efforts necessary to ensure that any and all

soils, bedrock, building materials, and

debris either on, in, or emanating from, or

which have emanated from, the site, would

contain no substances in concentrations or

amounts exceeding or equal to:

1) Any RI DEM GA Standards; or

2) If there is currently no RI DEM GA Standard

established for any substance contained in

such materials, the more stringent of either,

a standard developed by Buyer's and Seller's

engineers, after consultation with RI DEM and

consideration of all factors established as

relevant to RI DEM, or the most stringent

soil standard that would apply to remediating

soils at the site if it were subject to

investigatory and remedial action pursuant to

the Massachusetts Contingency Plan; and

35

<PAGE>

(iv) Required Remediation at a Purchased Real Property

that is located wholly or partially in areas

currently classified by RI DEM as having "GB" or

"GC" groundwaters, would include all efforts

necessary to ensure that any and all groundwaters

or surface waters either on, in, or emanating, or

which have emanated from, the site would contain

no substances in concentrations or amounts

exceeding or equal to:

1) Any remedial standards established for such

substances based on the numerical groundwater

quality standards, groundwater goals,

preventive action limits, pollutant

concentration levels, groundwater remediation

objectives, and standards applicable to the

site, as determined through a conservative

interpretation of the Rules and Regulations

for Groundwater Quality, Regulation DEM-GW-

01-92 Sec.Sec. 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 13, 14,

15, 16 and 17 (May 1992), ("RI DEM GB

Standards"); or

2) If there is currently no RI DEM GB Standard

established for any substance contained in

such groundwaters or surface waters, the more

stringent of either, a standard developed by

Buyer's and Seller's engineers, after

consultation with RI DEM and consideration of

all factors established as relevant to RI

DEM,

36

<PAGE>

or the most stringent groundwater standard

that would apply to remediating groundwater

at the site if it were subject to

investigatory and remedial action pursuant to

the Massachusetts Contingency Plan; and

(v) Required Remediation at a Purchased Real Property

that is located wholly or partially in areas

currently classified by RI DEM as having "GB" or

"GC" groundwaters would include all efforts

necessary to ensure that any and all soils,

bedrock, building materials, and debris either on,

in, or emanating from, or which have emanated

from, the site, would contain no substances in

concentrations or amounts exceeding or equal to:

1) Any RI DEM GB Standards; or

2) If there is currently no RI DEM GB Standard

established for any substance contained in

such materials, the more stringent of either,

a standard developed by Buyer's and Seller's

engineers, after consultation with RI DEM and

consideration of all factors established as

relevant to RI DEM, or the most stringent

soil standard that would apply to remediating

soils at the site if it were subject to

investigatory and remedial action pursuant to

the Massachusetts Contingency Plan; and

37

<PAGE>

(vi) Required Remediation would include all efforts

necessary to remove, and prevent the existence of,

any and all floating products or non-aqueous phase

liquids or chemical products in groundwaters,

surface waters, soils, bedrock, building

materials, and debris; and

(vii) Required Remediation would include all efforts

necessary to remove, or to encapsulate and

eliminate all conditions of, any and all friable

asbestos.

In preparing the Environmental Report, Buyer's

engineer shall exercise its reasonable judgment, using the degree

of skill and care exercised by reputable environmental

consultants in similar circumstances and employing recognized

environmental engineering practice and scientific principles. In

reaching its conclusions concerning the nature and scope of

Required Remediation and the costs of performing Required

Remediation, Buyer's engineer shall meet and consult with

Seller's engineer and to the extent reasonably deemed relevant to

a determination by applicable public authorities ("Applicable

Public Authorities") as to Required Remediation, shall take into

account all attendant facts and circumstances, including, without

limitation, present use of the site, use of neighboring sites,

ground water classification on the site, efficacy of available

remediation methods and technology, topography, hydrology,

proximity to private drinking water supply, likely threat to

public health and welfare and the environment, the

38

<PAGE>

present or absence of standards promulgated by the Applicable

Public Authority, remediation actually required by the Applicable

Public Authority in the professional experience of such engineer,

and the results of discussions with representatives of the

Applicable Public Authority, to the extent Buyer's engineer

believes such discussions are necessary to enable such engineer

to make the judgments required of such engineer herein. 

Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the contrary, all

discussions with any governmental agency, including without

limitation, the applicable public authority concerning any

environmental condition or instance of noncompliance with

Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits shall be on a

hypothetical basis without identification of the particular site

in question. In addition, Buyer's engineers shall be instructed

not to consider any potential future changes in existing

conditions except and only to the extent that they in their

professional judgment believe that any Applicable Public

Authority would consider such potential future changes. If

Seller's engineer does not agree with the conclusions concerning

Required Remediation and the estimated costs thereof set forth in

the Environmental Report, then Buyer's engineer and Seller's

engineer shall together designate a third engineer to determine

such Required Remediation and such estimated cost and the

determination of such third engineer shall be final and binding

on Buyer and Seller and shall be deemed the "Environmental

Report" for purposes of this Agreement.

39

<PAGE>

(iv) The cost of Required Remediation,

if any, as determined by the foregoing process with respect to

each parcel of Purchased Real Property is referred to herein as

the "Maximum Remediation Amount" with respect to such Purchased

Real Property. If the Maximum Remediation Amount exceeds the

portion of the Purchase Price allocated to the affected Purchased

Real Property on Exhibit 3.2.2, Seller may elect to delete such

affected Purchased Real Property from this Agreement and the

Purchase Price shall be reduced by the amount of the Purchase

Price so allocated. If the Maximum Remediation Amount is less

than the portion of the Purchase Price allocated to the affected

Purchased Real Property on Exhibit 3.2.2, or if Seller is

permitted to delete any Purchased Real Property pursuant to the

immediately preceding sentence but elects to perform such

Required Remediation by giving Buyer notice, by the date of

Closing, of Seller's intent to perform such Required Remediation,

Seller shall have the obligation to perform the Required

Remediation identified for the particular Purchased Real

Property; provided, however, that Seller shall not be required to

spend more than the Maximum Remediation Amount allocated to any

particular Purchased Real Property for Required Remediation of

such Purchased Real Property. If Seller is permitted to and

elects not to perform Required Remediation and a Purchased Real

Property is deleted as provided herein, Buyer shall have the

option at the Closing to enter into a 12 month lease for such

Purchased Real Property not purchased, providing for (i) annual

rental equal to 11% of the portion of the Purchase Price

allocable to the Purchased Real Property subject to the lease,

(ii) Seller to pay real estate

40

<PAGE>

taxes, but Buyer to pay real estate increases and (iii) Seller to

pay for structural repairs and Buyer to pay for normal, routine

maintenance and damage caused by Buyer ("Lease Terms"). If

Seller is required or has elected to undertake Required

Remediation, then at the Closing, Buyer shall enter into a 12

month lease for the affected Purchased Real Property on the Lease

Terms and shall deposit subject to the Escrow Agreement that

portion of the Purchase Price allocable to such Purchased Real

Property as set forth on Exhibit 3.2.2. If Seller is unable to

complete the Required Remediation of any Purchased Real Property

within 12 months of Closing, but Seller has been diligently

following the protocol established in the Environmental Report to

effect such Required Remediation, then the period to complete the

Required Remediation shall be extended for up to an additional 12

months, provided that Seller's engineer and Buyer's engineer

agree that it is reasonable to anticipate that such Required

Remediation may be completed within such additional 12 months;

and in such event the lease shall be extended on the Lease Terms

for an additional 12 months or, if sooner, the completion of

Required Remediation. At such time as Seller completes the

Required Remediation, either within the initial 12 month period

or, if the lease is extended as aforesaid, within the second 12

month period, Buyer shall purchase such Purchased Real Property

at the Purchase Price allocated to such Purchased Real Property. 

Seller may discontinue the Required Remediation of any Purchased

Real Property at any time if the amount theretofore expended by

Seller in connection with Required Remediation of such Purchased

Real Property together with the

41

<PAGE>

reasonably estimated cost of any remaining Required Remediation

exceeds the portion of the Purchase Price allocable to such

Purchased Real Property. If the lease is not extended after the

first 12 month period, or if Seller elects not to continue with

the Required Remediation of any affected Purchased Real Property

and gives Buyer notice of such election, Buyer has the option to

continue to lease such affected Purchased Real Property for an

additional year, subject to the same terms and conditions, to

allow Buyer to move its operations to a new facility. Payment of

the Purchase Price for any such Purchased Real Property shall be

made from the amounts held pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, with

Buyer being entitled to any income earned with respect thereto. 

At such time as Buyer's obligation to buy any such Purchased Real

Property terminates, the amount placed subject to the Escrow

Agreement with respect to such Purchased Real Property (together

with interest thereon) shall be returned to Buyer.

(c) Seller agrees that any inquiry or

investigation made by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement shall not

in any way affect or lessen the representations and warranties

made by them in this Agreement or their survival of the Closing

to the extent provided for herein. In any action or proceeding

based upon the breach of any representation or warranty,

Shareholders and Seller hereby waive the defense that Buyer knew

or should have known the true facts or circumstances. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Seller discovers any facts

which disclose the inaccuracy or breach of any representations

and warranties made by Seller pursuant to this Agreement which

facts were unknown to

42

<PAGE>

Seller at the time of execution of this Agreement and Seller

advises Buyer of such facts at least 3 days prior to the Closing

in the manner provided herein for the giving of notices, or if

any such facts are disclosed by the Environmental Review, whether

or not called to Buyer's attention by Seller, then Buyer may

elect to terminate this Agreement based upon the disclosure of

such facts or to close; however, in neither event will Buyer have

a claim against Seller based upon the existence of such facts.

6.3 So that Buyer will be in a position to inte-

grate the Customer information into Buyer's computer system

within 15 days from the execution of this Agreement Seller will

provide Buyer with a layout of Seller's master computer file

relating to the Customers and a computer tape of such master

files as of the most recent available date showing for 25

Customers all relevant service, delivery, and billing information

including (to the extent contained in such computer tape and

records): billing and delivery name and address, tank size, last

delivery date, degree day information, service contract type,

amount billed, inception date and expiration date on service

contract, amount due to Seller and, where applicable, the

Customer credit balance.

6.4 Seller shall transfer the telephone numbers

of the Business to the Buyer at the Closing.

6.5 The Seller shall give prompt notice to the

Buyer of (i) any notice of, or other communication received by

the Seller subsequent to the date of this Agreement and prior to

the Closing Date relating to, a default or event which with

notice or lapse of time or both would become a default, or which

would cause

43

<PAGE>

any warranty or representation of the Seller to be untrue or

misleading in any material respect as of the date the same is

deemed given or made, under this Agreement, (ii) any notice or

other communication received by the Seller from any third party

alleging that the consent of such third party is or may be

required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this

Agreement, and (iii) any material adverse change in its business,

operations, prospects, earnings, assets or condition (financial

or otherwise).

6.6 Promptly after the execution hereof, Seller

and Buyer shall each prepare any and all documentation and supply

any and all information required by any governmental authority or

agency thereof to be filed by Buyer or Seller, as the case may

be, prior to conveying its interest in the Purchased Real

Property, if any, and shall timely make the necessary filings,

applications, etc. relating thereto. Buyer and Seller each

agrees to cooperate with the other in the completion, execution

and submission of any such filings, applications, etc.

(a) Following the execution of this

Agreement, Buyer, and its agents, contractors, engineers,

appraisers and other professionals qualified to inspect and

evaluate the structures located on the Purchased Real Property,

shall have the right to conduct a physical inspection of the

Purchased Real Property, at its own expense. In the event that

any substantial defects or weaknesses are discovered, including

but not limited to structural, roof, electrical, plumbing, hvac

and appliance defects, Buyer shall forward a copy of the

inspection report to Seller within five (5) days of its receipt

by Buyer and Seller, shall at its own cost and

44

<PAGE>

expense either satisfactorily repair, replace or remedy any

defective condition prior to the Closing, or reduce the Purchase

Price by the amount reasonably estimated to repair, replace or

remedy the defective condition.

(b) Seller will as promptly as practicable

but no more than 10 days after the execution of this Agreement,

deliver to Buyer copies of the following, to the extent they

exist and are in Seller's possession or obtainable by Seller:

(i) the deeds and other instruments by

which Seller acquired the Purchased Real Property;

(ii) all title insurance policies,

opinions and abstracts affecting the Purchased Real Property, all

documents affecting title to the Purchased Real Property,

including but not limited to all instruments creating or

effecting a lien, and all surveys for the Purchased Real

Property;

(iii) all inspection, engineering,

soil or architectural notices, studies, reports and plans and

specifications that relate to the physical condition or operation

of the Purchased Real Property or any buildings, plants and

structures located thereon;

(iv) all certificates of occupancy,

licenses, permits, continuation certificates of occupancy,

variances relating to construction, use, location and/or

distance, authorizations and approvals with respect to the

Purchased Real Property, or any portion thereof, occupancy

thereof or any present use thereof; 

45

<PAGE>

(v) all guarantees and warranties

relating to the Purchased Real Property, the buildings, plants or

structures thereon or the equipment used in connection with the

ownership, operation or maintenance thereof; and

(vi) all environmental studies, evalua-

tions and reports prepared about the Purchased Real Property.

6.7 Seller expressly agrees to take the following

actions with respect to the Business prior to Closing:

(i) Seller shall take all actions required

of Seller under applicable Environmental Laws and under the

Environmental Permits to obtain or renew and transfer to the

Buyer the Environmental Permits. Seller shall bear all costs

associated with applying for, issuance or renewal of any such

Environmental 

Permit, but any permit transfer fees shall be borne equally by

Seller and Buyer. Seller shall execute any and all transfer

documents and assist in obtaining any consent required in

connection with the transfer of the Environmental Permits.

(ii) Seller shall take all actions expressly

required of Seller under any applicable Environmental Law to

transfer to the Buyer all right, title and interest in and to the

Business and the Purchased Real Property.

6.8 Seller To Comply with Obligations. 
--------------------------------------

Seller will use its best efforts to comply

with all of its obligations under this Agreement and to fulfill

all of the conditions precedent to Buyer's obligations.

6.9 As soon as practicable, the Seller and Buyer

shall make any and all filings which are required under the HSR

46

<PAGE>

Act. Seller will furnish to Buyer and Buyer will furnish to

Seller such necessary information and reasonable assistance as

Buyer or Seller may request in connection with its preparation of

necessary filings or submissions to any governmental agency,

including, without limitation, any filings necessary under the

provisions of said Act. Each party will supply the other with

all correspondence, filings, communications or memoranda between

Seller or its representative, on the one hand, and the Federal

Trade Commission, the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department

of Justice or any other governmental agency or authority or

members of their respective staffs, on the other, with respect to

this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

7. Conditions Precedent to
Obligations of the Buyer.
------------------------

The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to

consummate this Agreement is expressly subject to the

satisfaction on or before the Closing, of all of the following

conditions (compliance with which or the occurrence of which may

be waived in whole or in part by the Buyer):

7.1 Seller and Shareholders shall have materially

complied with and duly performed all agreements and conditions on

their part to be complied with and performed pursuant to this

Agreement on or before the Closing.

7.2 The representations and warranties of Seller

contained in this Agreement including the exhibits hereto (or, if

made to Seller's knowledge, the facts contained in each such

representation) shall be true and correct in all material

respects

47

<PAGE>

as of the Closing with the same force and effect as though such

representations and warranties had been made on and as of the

Closing Date; provided, that the representations set forth in

Section 4.12, Section 4.7(b) and the first sentence of Section

4.9 shall be true and correct only as of the date of the

execution of this Agreement.

7.3 Between December 31, 1993 and the Closing

there shall have been no material and adverse change in the

Business or employee profile of the Seller.

7.4 From and after the date of this Agreement and

through and including the Closing, there shall have been no legal

action pending or threatened which could have a material adverse

effect on the Business or the Assets.

7.5 The Buyer shall have received all of the

documents required pursuant to Article 9 hereof and such

additional documents as Seller may have agreed in writing to

deliver.

7.6 The Buyer shall not have validly terminated

this Agreement pursuant to Article 12 hereof.

7.7 The HSR Act has been complied with by Seller

and either the waiting period has expired without objection from

the FTC or the FTC has agreed to early termination of the waiting

period.

7.8 Notwithstanding anything contained in Section

7.2 to the contrary, in the event that there is any variation

between the facts contained in the representations set forth in

Section 4.11 (other than those contained in 4.11(a) and 4.11(j))

and the facts existing as of the Closing, and such variation

would

48

<PAGE>

not materially adversely affect the operations of the Business at

such Purchased Real Property, said representation shall be deemed

to be true and correct in all material respects for purposes of

Section 7.2.

7.9 (a) In all material respects, the Purchased

Real Property shall be in the same condition at Closing as it is

on the date hereof, reasonable wear and tear excepted. In the

event that between the date hereof and the Closing Date any

damage occurs to any of the Purchased Real Property as a result

of fire or other casualty, the foregoing condition shall be

deemed satisfied if (i) there are sufficient insurance proceeds

to restore the damage to substantially the same condition as

previously existed and Seller assigns to Buyer all of its right,

title and interest in and to such insurance proceeds or gives

Buyer a credit against the Purchase Price for the cost of

restoration and (ii) the damage (or the restoration of such

damage) would not materially adversely affect the operations of

the Business at such location.

(b) (i) Notwithstanding anything contained

herein to the contrary, in the event that any of the foregoing

conditions is not satisfied with respect to any portion of the

Purchased Real Property, Buyer may elect to close and consummate

the transactions contemplated in this Agreement with the deletion

of the subject Purchased Real Property from the transaction. In

the event Buyer elects to delete a Purchased Real Property, the

Purchase Price as set forth in Article 3 will be reduced by the

amount allocated to such Purchased Real Property on Exhibit 3.2.2

49

<PAGE>

and at Buyer's election, Seller shall lease the affected

Purchased Real Property for one year to Buyer on the Lease Terms.

(ii) Notwithstanding the provisions of

subparagraph (i), if Buyer elects to delete a Purchased Real

Property, Seller may, by written notice to Buyer prior to the

Closing, elect to satisfy those conditions which were unsatisfied

as of the Closing Date in which event Buyer shall deposit with

the Escrow Agent the amount of the Purchase Price allocable to

such Purchased Real Property as set forth on Exhibit 3.2.2, Buyer

shall lease such Purchased Real Property for up to six months on

the Lease Terms and Seller shall have up to six months to satisfy

such conditions. Upon the satisfaction of such conditions, and

all other conditions precedent to Buyer's obligation to buy such

Purchased Real Property as provided elsewhere in this Agreement

within such period of six months, Buyer shall buy the property

from Seller and the payment shall be made from the escrow

deposit. In all other events, the escrow deposit together with

interest thereon shall be returned to Buyer.

8. Conditions Precedent to Obligations
of Seller and Shareholders. 
-----------------------------------

The obligation of Seller and Shareholders to con-

summate this Agreement is expressly subject to the satisfaction

as of the Closing of all of the following conditions (compliance

with which or the occurrence of which may be waived in whole or

in part by Seller):

8.1 The Buyer shall have materially complied with

and duly performed all of the agreements and conditions on its

part

50

<PAGE>

to be complied with or performed pursuant to this Agreement on or

before the Closing.

8.2 The representations and warranties of the

Buyer contained in this Agreement or otherwise made in writing in

connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be

true and correct in all material respects on and as of the

Closing with the same force and effect as though such

representations and warranties had been made on and as of the

Closing.

8.3 Seller shall have received all of the docu-

ments and payments required pursuant to Article 10 hereof.

8.4 The HSR Act has been complied with by the

Buyer and either the waiting period has expired without objection

from the FTC or the FTC has agreed to early termination of the

waiting period.

8.5 Seller shall not have validly terminated this

Agreement pursuant to Article 12 hereof.

9. Deliveries of Seller and
Shareholders at the Closing.
---------------------------

At the Closing Seller shall deliver or cause to be

delivered to the Buyer the following:

9.1 Certificate dated a current date from the

appropriate authorities in the State of Rhode Island attesting to

the existence and good standing of the Seller.

9.2 An opinion, dated as of the Closing, of

Messrs. Partridge, Snow & Hahn in substantially the form of

Exhibit 9.2.

9.3 Certified copies of the resolutions of the

Board of Directors and, if required by applicable law, the

51

<PAGE>

shareholders of the Seller approving the execution of this

Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein.

9.4 Such documents of transfer and assignment

reasonably requested by Buyer to transfer good title to the

Assets.

9.5 At the Closing, Seller shall deliver all

delivery records, service records and credit records and such

other operating information relating to the Customers in Seller's

possession or under Seller's control and readily available to

Seller as Buyer may reasonably request relating to the Customers

and such computer printouts of current information as Buyer may

reasonably request.

9.6 If requested by Buyer, a letter to Customers

prepared by Buyer in form reasonably satisfactory to Seller

describing the transaction.

9.7 Assignment of Seller's telephone numbers set

forth on Exhibit 2.8.1.

9.8 Restrictive Covenant of Seller and Robert E.

DeBlois, Arthur J. DeBlois, III, Stephen J. DeBlois, Charles H.

DeBlois, Jr. and Arthur J. DeBlois, Jr. as set forth in Article

14.

9.9 Certifications as to material compliance with

this Agreement and number of Active Customers.

9.10 Written authorization for Buyer to endorse

and to deposit in its account checks payable to Seller in

connection with the accounts receivable of Seller to be collected

by Buyer; subject, however to Seller's rights pursuant to Article

16.

9.11 The Buyer shall have received all of the

documents required pursuant to Article 9 hereof and such

additional

52

<PAGE>

documents as Seller may have agreed in writing to deliver and,

with respect to the Purchased Real Property, which Buyer's title

company reasonably requests or which are necessary or customary

to deliver to convey or transfer Seller's interest in the

Purchased Real Property. 

9.12 In addition to anything set forth elsewhere

in this Agreement, with respect to the Purchased Real Property,

at the Closing, Seller shall deliver the following to Buyer:

(a) With respect to the Purchased Real

Property, a statutory form of Quitclaim Deed executed in proper

form for recording so as to convey title as required by this

Agreement;

(b) To the extent they are then in Seller's

possession and not posted at the Purchased Real Property,

certificates, licenses, permits, authorizations and approvals

issued for or with respect to the Purchased Real Property by

governmental and quasi-governmental authorities having

jurisdiction over, or the operations conducted at, the Purchased

Real Property.

(c) Checks payable to the order of the

appropriate officers in payment of all applicable real property

transfer taxes and copies of any required tax returns therefor

executed by Seller, which checks shall be certified or official

bank checks if required by the taxing authority, unless Seller

elects to have Buyer pay any of such taxes and credit Buyer with

the amount thereof against the balance due of the Purchase Price;

(d) Certification of Non-Foreign Status of

Transferor sufficient to comply with IRC Sec.Sec. 897, 1445 and

related provisions, as amended, and any substitute provisions of any

successor statute and the regulations thereunder ("FIRPTA") and

any other necessary documentation relating thereto;

(e) The information necessary for Internal

Revenue Service ("IRS") Form 1099-S or other similar form

required;

(f) Such affidavits or other documents as

Buyer's title company shall reasonably require in order to omit

53

<PAGE>

from its title insurance policy all exceptions for judgments,

bankruptcies, or other returns against persons or entities whose

names are the same as or similar to Seller's or Shareholder's;

(g) Evidence, satisfactory to Buyer's title

company, of Seller's authority to sell and convey Seller's

interest in the Real Property and of Seller's authority to

execute the documents required hereunder and to take the actions

contemplated herein; 

(h) Letters of good standing, lien releases,

or such other documents as the title insurance company may

require from either the Seller or the Rhode Island Division of

Taxation to issue its title insurance policy without exception

for potential liens arising under applicable law to secure unpaid

business corporation taxes; and

(i) Any other documents required by this

Agreement or by the State of Rhode Island or local law, including

but not limited to environmental laws, to be delivered by Seller

to convey or transfer, as required herein, the Purchased Real

Property in accordance herewith.

54

<PAGE>

(j) An assignment to Buyer of all service

contracts indicated on Exhibit 4.11 as to be assigned to Buyer

and any consents required to effectuate each such assignment. 

With respect to all other service contracts, proof, reasonably

satisfactory to Buyer, that each has been terminated.

9.13 Lease on the terms of Exhibit 9.13 (3 months,

with 3 month renewal) and otherwise on such reasonable terms as

the parties shall mutually agree upon in the exercise of good

faith.

9.14 An assignment to Buyer of all of Seller's

right, title and interest in restrictive covenants benefitting

the Business.

10. Deliveries of the Buyer at the Closing.
--------------------------------------

At the Closing, the Buyer shall deliver or cause

to be delivered to Seller the following:

10.1 Certified resolutions of the Board of

Directors of the Buyer authorizing the execution, delivery and

performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the trans-

actions contemplated herein.

10.2 Wire transfer in payment of the Purchase

Price, as adjusted, pursuant to Paragraph 3.5.

10.3 Assumption agreement covering the Assumed

Liabilities in the form of Exhibit 10.3.

10.4 An opinion, dated as of the Closing, of

Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim & Ballon in substantially the

form of Exhibit 10.4.

55

<PAGE>

11. The Closing.
-----------

11.1 The closing ("Closing") shall take place at

the offices of Partridge, Snow & Hahn, 180 South Main Street,

Providence, Rhode Island, 9:00 A.M. on June 30, 1994 or at such

other time and place as the parties may agree ("Closing Date").

11.2 To the extent applicable, any taxes,

assessments, vault charges, water or sewer rent charges or

assessments which are due and payable as of the Closing Date,

together with interest and penalties thereon to a date not less

than two days following the Closing Date, and any other liens and

encumbrances which Seller is obligated to pay and discharge

elsewhere in this Agreement or which are against corporations,

estates or other persons in the chain of title, together with the

cost of recording or filing any instruments necessary to

discharge such liens and encumbrances of record, may be paid out

of the proceeds of the monies payable at the Closing if Seller

delivers to Buyer on the Closing Date official bills for such

taxes, assessments, water charges, sewer rents, interest and

penalties and instruments in recordable form sufficient to

discharge any other liens and encumbrances of record, or of which

Seller has knowledge. Upon request made a reasonable time before

Closing, Buyer shall provide at the Closing separate checks for

the foregoing payable to the order of the holder of any such

lien, charge or encumbrance and otherwise complying with this

Agreement.

11.3 If, on the Closing Date, there are any

pending applications or proceedings for reduction of the assessed

valuation of the Purchased Real Property and the real estate

taxes predicated

56

<PAGE>

thereon which apply to or include the tax year during which the

Closing occurs and any refunds are recovered or the taxes are

reduced as a result thereof, whether by settlement or otherwise,

such refunds and/or reduction (after deducting all expenses,

including reasonable attorneys' fees) shall be apportioned

between Seller and Buyer to the day immediately prior to Closing.

11.4 Real estate and personal property taxes,

water and sewer use charges, fire district fees, and all other

sums which, if unpaid, constitute liens on the Purchased Real

Property, shall be apportioned as of the Closing Date and the net

amount thereof, shall be added to or deducted from, as the case

may be, the Purchase Price payable by Buyer at the time of

delivery of the deed. The Seller shall pay the documentary

stamps for recording the deeds. Also, those service contracts to

be assumed by the Buyer shall also be adjusted on the closing

Date with the Seller paying its pro-rata share of such amounts

for the period prior to and including the Closing Date and the

Buyer at its option paying or assuming the balance.

11.5 At or prior to Closing, Seller shall cause to

be discharged all mechanics' or materialmen's liens arising from

any labor or materials furnished to the Purchased Real Property

prior to the Closing Date, which obligation shall survive the

Closing.

57

<PAGE>

12. Termination of Agreement.
------------------------

This Agreement may be terminated and the obliga-

tions to consummate this transaction cancelled at any time prior

to the Closing:

12.1 By mutual consent of Buyer and Seller.

12.2 By either Buyer or Seller if there has been a

material misstatement or material omission in a representation or

a material breach in any warranty or covenant on the part of the

other party the effect of which has not been cured within ten

(10) business days after notice thereof has been given, or in the

case of a breach or default the effect of which can be cured but

cannot be cured within 10 days, if said party diligently

commences to cure the same within said 10 day period and

thereafter fails to cure the effect of same, within 20 days after

such notice.

12.3 By either Buyer or Seller if the material

conditions precedent to its obligations have not been fulfilled

or complied with as provided in Articles 8 and 9 hereof,

respectively.

12.4 If this Agreement is terminated by Buyer

based upon a breach or default of Seller, other than Seller's

inability to transfer good and marketable title with zoning as

represented to any Purchased Real Property, the Seller shall pay

to the Buyer the sum of $1,500,000 as liquidated damages in lieu

of all other remedies available to Buyer and Seller shall have no

further liability to Seller arising out of or relating to this

Agreement. If there is no Closing for any other reason, Buyer

shall have no claim against the Seller.

58

<PAGE>

13. Assumption and Indemnification.
------------------------------

13.1 Except as provided in Paragraph 13.2, Buyer

does not assume or agree to assume and shall not acquire or take

over any liability or obligation of any kind or nature of Seller,

direct, contingent or otherwise.

13.2 Buyer hereby agrees to assume, to discharge

and to hold Seller harmless from Seller's obligations and

liabilities existing as of the Closing Date (a) under all

Customer credit arrangements to the extent Buyer received a

credit under Article 3, (b) with respect to future work to be

performed under Customer service contracts for which Buyer

received a credit under Article 3, (c) for accrued employee bene-

fits of employees of Seller hired by Buyer to the extent Buyer

received a credit under Article 3, (d) warranty obligations of

the Business for parts and labor on normal one year warranties,

(e) obligations of the Business to furnish parts and labor under

manufacturers warranties furnish to Customers by the Business in

the ordinary course of business, (f) obligations under executory

installation agreements entered into by the Business in the

ordinary course of its business, (g) sales incentive programs of

the Business as described on Exhibit 4.9.2 and (h) normal and

usual one year service agreements at competitive rates affecting

the Purchased Real Property (collectively the "Assumed Liabili-

ties").

13.3 Seller agrees to defend, indemnify and hold

Buyer harmless from any and all liabilities, other than Assumed

Liabilities, of every nature and description (including

reasonable attorneys' fees), arising out of or relating to (i)

any and all of

59

<PAGE>

Seller's activities and those of any predecessor prior to the

Closing, (ii) any liabilities or obligations of Seller and those

of any predecessor other than the Assumed Liabilities (iii)

failure to comply with the bulk sales law, (iv) any on-site

conditions or circumstances with respect to soil, surface waters,

groundwaters, stream sediment, air and similar environmental

media, on-site of the properties owned and or operated at any

time by the Seller that could require Cleanup and/or that may

result in Damages which occurred or commenced to occur prior to

the Closing other than those identified in the Environmental

Report, (v) conditions or circumstances with respect to soil,

surface waters, ground waters, stream sediment, air and similar

environmental media emanating from and offsite of the properties

owned and/or operated at any time by the Seller that could

require Cleanup and/or result in Damages, which occurred or

commenced to occur prior to the Closing, (vi) the violation by

Seller or any predecessors of any Environmental Law or

Environmental Permit by virtue of the use, operation, lease or

ownership of the Business or the Purchased Real Property other

than violations identified in the Environmental Review, and (vii)

any and all Damages arising out of or related to or resulting

from any Release or Hazardous Material identified as requiring

Cleanup in the Environmental Review regardless of whether the

Release of Hazardous Material was caused by Seller other than

Releases which did not occur or did not commence to occur prior

to the Closing or Hazardous Materials which were not located on

the Purchased Real Properties as of the Closing.

60

<PAGE>

13.4 Buyer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold

harmless Seller from any and all liabilities of every nature and

description (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of

or relating to any and all of Buyer's activities or those of any

successor following the Closing.

13.5 The indemnification for attorneys fees

contained herein shall include the legal costs incurred by a

party to enforce its rights under this Article. Any party

defending a claim which may be the subject of indemnification by

the other party shall engage counsel reasonable acceptable to

such other party.

13.6 The following definitions shall apply

for purposes of this Agreement:

Cleanup. "Cleanup" means all actions required to:
-------

(i) clean up, remove, treat or remediate Hazardous Materials in

the indoor or outdoor environment; (ii) prevent the Release of

Hazardous Materials so that they do not migrate, endanger or

threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or

outdoor environment; (iii) perform pre-remedial studies and

investigations and post-remedial monitoring and care; or (iv)

respond to any government requests for information or documents

in any way relating to cleanup, removal, treatment or remediation

or potential cleanup, removal, treatment or remediation of

Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment.

Damages. "Damages" means all liabilities, obligations,
-------

responsibilities, losses, damages, deficiencies, punitive

damages, consequential damages, treble damages, costs and

expenses

61

<PAGE>

(including, without limitation, all reasonable fees,

disbursements and expenses of counsel, expert and consulting fees

and costs of investigations and feasibility studies and

responding to government requests for information or documents),

fines, penalties, restitution and monetary sanctions, interest,

direct or indirect, know or unknown, absolute or contingent,

past, present or future, resulting from any claim or demand, by

any person, whether based in contract, tort, implied or express

warranty, strict liability, joint and several liability, criminal

or civil statute, including any Environmental Law, or arising

from environmental, health or safety conditions, the Release or

threatened Release of Hazardous Materials into the indoor or

outdoor environment, either on-site or off-site, as a result of

past or present (to the Closing Date) ownership, leasing or

operation of the Business or any properties, owned, leased or

operated by Seller.

Environmental Information. "Environmental Information"
-------------------------

means any tangible material relating to any environmental matter,

including, but not limited to, Cleanup, Environmental Laws,

Hazardous Materials, Damages, and Releases as defined in this

Agreement, material and relevant to the operation of the Business

or the Purchased Real Property, including the Environmental

Review, whether handwritten, typewritten, printed, recorded or

graphic matter including computer-generated mediums, however,

produced or reproduced and regardless of whether created by or on

behalf of Seller or some other entity .

Environmental Laws. "Environmental Laws" means all
------------------

current foreign, federal, state and local statutes, common laws,

62

<PAGE>

laws, judicial decisions, regulations, rules, orders,

stipulations, consent agreements, administrative decisions or

ordinances relating to (i) pollution or protection of the

environment, including, without limitation, laws relating to

Releases or threatened Releases of Hazardous Materials into the

indoor or outdoor environment (including, without limitation,

ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land, building

materials, surface and subsurface strata) or otherwise relating

to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,

reclamation, recycling, storage, disposal, Release, transport or

other handling or management of Hazardous Materials; or (ii)

occupational health and safety in so far as it relates to

Hazardous Materials.

Environmental Permits. "Environmental Permits" means
---------------------

all permits, consents, licenses, certificates, approvals,

registrations and other authorizations which are required under

the Environmental Laws for the ownership, use, lease or operation

of the Business or Purchased Real Property. 

Hazardous Materials. "Hazardous Materials" means all
-------------------

substances, constituents, materials or wastes defined as

hazardous substances in the Comprehensive Environmental Response

Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. Sec. 9601 et seq., or
------

regulated under, any Environmental Law and including without

limitation, any oil, petroleum, petroleum product, pollutant,

dangerous substance, toxic substance or hazardous substance.

Release. "Release" means any release, spill, emission,
-------

discharge, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal,

discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the indoor or

63

<PAGE>

outdoor environment (including, without limitation, ambient air,

surface water, groundwater, building materials and surface or

subsurface strata) or into or out of any property, including the

movement of Hazardous Materials through or in the air, soil,

surface water, groundwater or property either off-site or on-

site.

14. Restrictive Covenants. The Seller and each of the
---------------------

Shareholders agrees as follows:

14.1 For a period of five (5) years from the date

of Closing it (he or she) will not in the Territory, directly or

indirectly, sell or distribute, or solicit or accept orders for

the sale or distribution of, or assist or advise any person in

connection with the sale or distribution of, or the solicitation

or acceptance of orders for (a) the sale of (i) retail delivered

home, commercial and industrial non-Bid #2 fuel oil, (ii) retail

non-Bid delivered kerosene for home heating, (iii) retail non-Bid

delivered home, commercial and industrial propane and (iv) the

sale of petroleum products on a Bid basis to Customers and (b)

the sale, installation and servicing of heating equipment and

airconditioning equipment; except to properties, service stations

and convenience stores owned or operated by Seller or its

subsidiaries, in the Territory.

14.2 From the date of the Closing, it (he or she)

will not in the Territory, directly or indirectly (i) sell or

distribute, or solicit or accept orders for the sale or distribu-

tion of, or assist or advise any person in connection with the

sale or distribution of, or the solicitation or acceptance of

orders for

64

<PAGE>

(a) the sale of (i) retail delivered home, commercial and

industrial non-Bid #2 fuel oil, (ii) retail non-Bid delivered

kerosene for home heating and (iii) retail non-Bid delivered

home, commercial and industrial propane and (b) the sale,

installation and servicing of heating equipment and

airconditioning equipment; except to properties, service stations

and convenience stores owned or operated by Seller or its

subsidiaries, to the Customers or interfere or seek to interfere

with the patronage of the Customers with the Buyer or (ii)

communicate with any of the Customers or assist any person to

communicate with any of the Customers relating to the activities

in which it is prohibited from engaging in except at the prior

written request of Buyer.

14.3 At no time after the Closing will it disclose

any information included in the Customer Information or use the

Tradenames or any phrase incorporating the Tradenames or

phonetically similar to the Tradenames; provided, however, that

Seller may retain its corporate name and use such corporate name

on required governmental filings.

14.4 The Seller acknowledges that if it should

breach a covenant contained herein, Buyer's remedy at law will be

inadequate. Therefore, in addition to any remedy otherwise

available to the Buyer, and notwithstanding the provisions herein

for arbitration, the Seller agrees that Buyer shall be entitled

to an injunction restraining it from any such violation. 

Moreover, if it shall be determined by any arbitration panel or

court, that any covenant herein is not enforceable due to its

geographic area or duration, then it is the intention of the

parties that such

65

<PAGE>

covenant shall be enforceable to the greatest extent possible,

and will be deemed amended so as to reduce the geographic area or

duration, as the case may be, to the extent necessary to secure

enforceability.

14.5 For the purposes of this Article, a person

will be deemed directly or indirectly engaged in a business if

it, or in the case of an individual he or his spouse,

participates in such business as proprietor, partner, joint

venturer, stockholder, director, officer, lender, manager,

employee, consultant, advisor or agent or if it, or in the case

of an individual, he or such spouse controls such business. Such

person shall not for purposes of this Article be deemed a

stockholder or lender if it, or in the case of an individual, he

or his spouse, holds less than two (2%) percent of the

outstanding equity or debt of any publicly owned corporation

engaged in the same or similar business to that of the Seller,

provided that Seller or such spouse shall not be in a control

position with regard to such corporation.

14.6 Notwithstanding the foregoing:

(a) Any activity permitted in the definition

of Excluded Business shall not be restricted by this Article.

(b) Seller shall be permitted to use

"DeBlois" as a corporate name or in conjunction with any other

words or phrases other than "Oil Company" or "Fuel Oil";

provided, however, that the name DeBlois may not be used by

Seller either separately or in conjunction with any other words

or phrases as a trade name to market petroleum products to

consumers.

66

<PAGE>

(c) Seller shall have the exclusive right to

use the tradenames "DB" and "DB Mart", except that Buyer will

have the exclusive right to use the DB logo in the form it is

presently used to market products of the Business. If Buyer

discontinues the use of such DB logo, Buyer shall reconvey it to

Seller at no cost.

14.7 The benefit of the provisions of this Article

shall be assignable to, and enforceable by, any person, firm,

corporation or other entity which purchases any of the Customers

from Buyer.

15. Notices. All notices, requests and other communi-
-------

cations shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly

delivered if delivered personally or mailed by certified mail,

return receipt requested to the parties at their above address or

such other address as a party may designate in the manner

provided herein for giving of notices. Copies of all

communications shall be sent to:

Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim & Ballon
31 West 52nd Street
New York, New York 10019-6167
Attn: Alan Shapiro, Esq.

Partridge, Snow & Hahn 
180 South Main Street 
Providence, Rhode Island 02903
Attn: John Partridge, Esq.

16. Seller's Accounts Receivable.
----------------------------

16.1 It is agreed that none of Seller's accounts

receivable shall be sold or transferred to Buyer; provided,

however, that for a period of 120 days following the Closing

67

<PAGE>

("Collection Period"), Buyer agrees to include in its billing to

Customer, and collect on behalf of the Seller, the accounts

receivable of Active Customers and all Customers to whom Buyer

makes fuel oil deliveries; provided, however, that Buyer agrees

to follow such procedures with respect to equipment installation

receivables owned by Seller, as well as those previously sold by

Seller to Citizens Trust Company for which Seller acts as

collection agent, for the life of such equipment installment

receivables, except that Buyer reserves the right to purchase

without recourse any equipment installment receivables owned by

Seller at any time, discounted to present value at 6% per annum. 

Prior to the Closing, all debit balances relating to interest

charged to Customers shall be deleted from Seller's accounts

receivable. Buyer shall be under no obligation to institute

litigation to collect such accounts receivable. If Buyer

receives payment relating to the accounts receivable of any other

Customers or other persons owing amounts to Seller, Buyer shall

promptly transmit them, in the form received, to Seller. Buyer

shall include the amounts due to Seller in Buyer's billing to the

Customers. All amounts received from a Customer shall be

applied first to satisfy amounts owed by said Customer to Seller. 

After the full amount owed to Seller by said Customer with

respect to all such accounts receivable has been satisfied, Buyer

may retain any payments made by any such Customer. If a Customer

disputes Buyer's payment to Seller of any monies paid to Buyer by

such Customer, then Buyer will notify Seller and Seller will hold

Buyer harmless from any loss to the extent of the amount paid

over to Seller with

68

<PAGE>

respect to such Customer. If (i) Buyer had made a payment under

this Paragraph 16.1 to Seller with respect to any Customer, and

(ii) at the end of the Collection Period such Customer is

disputing any amount due from said Customer to Seller, then, at

the election of Buyer, Seller shall refund to Buyer the amount in

dispute. Thereupon Seller shall have the right to proceed

directly against such Customer for any amounts owed to it. 

Seller shall pay over to Buyer immediately any amounts which

Seller receives from any of the Customers relating to accounts

receivable being collected by Buyer. Promptly after the

Collection Period, Buyer agrees that it will cease all billing

and collection efforts with respect to any Customer's balance

arising prior to the Closing and shall return to Seller all

relevant customer records and Buyer shall be relieved of any

responsibility with respect to such Customer balance arising

prior to the Closing and Seller may enforce its rights to collect

any of its accounts receivable arising prior to the Closing which

remain outstanding; or, Buyer, if it so desires, may pay to

Seller the amount of the account receivable due to Seller from

the Customer and upon said payment Buyer shall own the account

receivable and Seller shall have no further interest therein.

16.2 During the time Buyer is collecting Seller's

accounts receivable, Seller or its representative may inspect the

records of Buyer with respect to such accounts receivable of the

Customers, during normal business hours on reasonable notice.

16.3 On the 1st and 15th of each month, Buyer

shall remit amounts due to Seller resulting from collecting

accounts receivable during the preceding 15 days and will supply

Seller with

69

<PAGE>

a listing of the Customers and amounts still owed by each. After

the Collection Period Buyer shall continue to remit to Seller all

amounts received with respect to Seller's accounts receivable

unless Buyer has purchased the account receivable from Seller;

Buyer shall apply amounts received first to amounts owed to Buyer

unless the Customers indicate to the contrary in writing and if a

Customer disputes payment to Seller, Seller shall refund to Buyer

the amount in dispute.

17. Additional Agreements.
---------------------

17.1 After the Closing, Seller agrees to facili-

tate the transfer of the Customers to Buyer and will cooperate

with Buyer in a reasonable manner to facilitate such transfer and

the maintenance of such patronage by Buyer; provided that Seller

shall not be required to expend funds or inordinate time and

attention to fulfill this obligation.

17.2 For a period of three years after the

Closing, the Seller and Buyer shall retain and keep available for

inspection by the other and its authorized representatives during

normal business hours all service, delivery, billing and payment

records relating to the Customers and the Business. Seller and

Buyer shall each permit the other to remove all or any part of

said records for a reasonable time for inspection and copying.

17.3 At Buyer's request, the Seller will request

its accountant to furnish to Buyer financial statements for the

three fiscal year ends of the Business next preceding the Closing

and, if such financial statements are not audited, will cooperate

with

70

<PAGE>

Buyer, at Buyer's expense, to obtain an audit of such financial

statements. At Buyer's request, following the Closing Seller

will request its accountants to furnish to Buyer unaudited

financial statements including a statement of the cash flow of

the Business for the 12 months ended with the calendar quarter

which next precedes the Closing. "Cash flow" means net income

plus depreciation and amortization.

17.4 Seller covenants that if any Shareholder

acting on behalf of himself or Seller has disclosed or hereafter

discloses any Customer Information and any person to whom such

Customer Information is disclosed attempts to use such informa-

tion for competitive purposes, Seller will indemnify and hold

Buyer harmless from any loss resulting therefrom. If any

employee or former employee of Seller has disclosed or hereafter

discloses or uses for his own benefit any Customer Information

obtained from Seller, at Buyer's request and at Buyer's cost,

Seller shall immediately commence and diligently prosecute an

appropriate action or proceeding for a permanent injunction pro-

hibiting any such use and will use their best efforts to obtain a

court order restraining any such use during the pendency of such

action or proceeding; provided, however, that such proceeding

shall be at Seller's cost if such disclosure or use was made and

known to them prior to the Closing. Seller shall not bring an

action except at the request of Buyer. At Buyer's request,

Seller shall assign to Buyer any cause of action which Seller may

have against any present or former employee or independent

contractor and Seller and Shareholders will reasonably cooperate

with Buyer in the prosecution of such claim.

71

<PAGE>

17.5 Except as disclosure may be required by Buyer

pursuant to securities laws, each of the parties agrees that it

will keep confidential and not disclose to any person other than

its employees, accountants and attorneys the details of this

Agreement, including, by way of example and not limitation, the

total purchase price, the purchase price per gallon or the

purchase price for any particular Assets. It is understood that

Buyer reserves sole discretion as to timing of any announcement

required by securities laws; but Buyer agrees to consult with

Seller as to the content of any such announcement and that it

shall make no such announcement without prior notice to Seller.

17.6 If Buyer has been unable to transfer Seller's

telephone numbers prior to the Closing, Seller will afford to

Buyer access to Seller's premises for up to 30 days on a 7 day

per week 24 hour per day basis to permit Buyer's personnel to

answer Seller's telephone.

17.7 Following the Closing, Buyer shall have the

authority to receive Seller's mail and to remove checks in

payment of the accounts receivable and other items relating to

the Buyer's ongoing business with the Customers; subject,

however, to Seller's rights to collect its accounts receivable as

provided in Article 16. All items belonging to Seller shall be

promptly delivered to Seller.

17.8 The Purchase Price shall be allocated to the

Assets as provided in Section 3.2. Neither Buyer nor Seller

shall take any position that varies from or is inconsistent with

such allocation in any filing made by such party with the

Internal

72

<PAGE>

Revenue Service (the "IRS") or any other governmental or

regulatory authority; provided, however, nothing in this

Agreement shall impose on either party the duty or obligation to

contest any action which the IRS may take or any adjustment or

change in such allocation which the IRS may make or propose. The

allocation of the purchase price among intangible assets shall in

no way limit the equitable or legal relief to which Buyer is

entitled in the event Seller or Shareholders should breach any

representation, warranty or covenant in this Agreement.

17.9 Buyer agrees that it will make job offers to

those employees listed on Exhibit 4.9.1 to become employed by the

Buyer at the same pay scale as indicated on Exhibit 4.9.1 and

will afford to such employees benefits which are similar to those

now afforded to them as described on Exhibit 4.9.2. This is not

a covenant or agreement to retain any such persons as employees

and Buyer reserves the right to terminate the employment of any

such employee when Buyer believes it is in its best interest to

do so.

18. Arbitration.
-----------

18.1 Following the Closing, any dispute arising

out of or relating to this Agreement, including modification or

amendment hereof, shall be resolved by arbitration in the City of

Providence, pursuant to the rules then obtaining of the American

Arbitration Association. The parties agree that the arbitrators

sitting in any such controversy shall have no power to alter or

modify any express provision of this Agreement, or to make any

award which by its terms effects such alteration or modification.

73

<PAGE>

The parties consent in connection with any arbitration hereunder,

that they may be served in or out of the State of Rhode Island by

certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or by

personal service, provided a reasonable time for appearance is

allowed, or in such other manner as may be permitted under the

Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the

award rendered may be entered by any court having jurisdiction. 

Injunctive relief which, but for this provision to arbitrate

disputes, would be available, shall be available to the parties

in a court proceeding hereto pending the final award.

18.2 The provision for arbitration contained

herein shall in no way limit or restrict the right of a party to

assert a claim against another party, by means of cross-claim,

interpleader or otherwise, in an action commenced against one or

more of the parties hereto by a third party.

18.3 The Buyer may assert no claims for

arbitration (or commence any action in law or equity) unless and

until the aggregate of all such claims exceeds $75,000.

18.4 No claim for arbitration may be asserted (or

any action at law or equity commenced):

(a) in the case of an alleged breach of any

representation or warranty, more than 18 months after the

Closing;

(b) in the case of a claim for

indemnification under Paragraphs 13.2, 13.3 (i) through (iii) or

13.4 more than 36 months after the Closing;

(c) in the case of a claim for

indemnification under Paragraph 13.3 (iv) through (vii) more than

60 months after

74

<PAGE>

the Closing; provided, however, that any claim relating to

offsite disposal of materials from any of the Purchased Real

Properties may be asserted at any time.

A claim for indemnification shall be deemed

asserted at such time as Buyer notifies Seller of a claim

asserted against Buyer by a third party.

18.5 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Sellers

total liability for any breaches of representation and warranties

and claims for indemnification shall not exceed $10,500,000 in

the aggregate, and (ii) Sellers total liability for Required

Remediation at any Purchased Real Property shall not exceed the

Maximum Remediation Amount for such Purchased Real Property.

19. Miscellaneous.
-------------

19.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire

agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject

matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agree-

ments (except those contemplated hereunder), understandings,

negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written, of the

parties. No supplement, modification or waiver or termination of

this Agreement or any revision hereof shall be binding unless

executed in writing by the parties to be bound thereby. All

representations and warranties made herein shall survive the

Closing.

19.2 This Agreement is intended to be performed in

the State of Rhode Island and shall be construed and enforced in

accordance with the laws of the State of Rhode Island.

75

<PAGE>

19.3 The parties hereto agree that they will, at

the expense of the requesting party, from time to time execute

and deliver any and all additional and supplemental instruments,

and do such other acts and things which may be necessary or

desirable to effect the purpose of this Agreement, and the

consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Buyer

agrees that it will not record this Agreement or any notice of

this Agreement.

19.4 Waiver by any of the parties hereto of any

breach of, or exercise of any right under this Agreement, shall

not be deemed a waiver of similar or other breaches or rights.

19.5 Captions and section headings used herein are

for convenience only, and are not a part of this Agreement, and

shall not be used in construing it.

19.6 All of the terms and provisions of this

Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of

the parties hereto and their respective transferees, successors

and assigns. Neither party may assign this Agreement or any

interest therein, except that Buyer may assign any interest in

this Agreement to a subsidiary or affiliate providing that Buyer

shall remain primarily liable for all obligations hereunder and

shall furnish a guaranty to such effect reasonably satisfactory

to the Seller.

19.7 All sales/use taxes, if any, arising out of

the sale of the Assets hereunder, shall be paid by Buyer.

19.8 Buyer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold

Seller harmless against and in respect of any claims from

brokerage or other commissions relating to the Agreement or the

transactions

76

<PAGE>

contemplated hereby resulting from its own dealing with any

person in connection with this transaction and Seller hereby

agrees to indemnify and hold Buyer harmless against and in

respect of any claims from brokerage or other commissions

relating to the Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby

resulting from its own dealing with any person in connection with

this transaction.

19.9 This Agreement is intended to benefit the

parties hereto and there shall be no third party beneficiaries of

this Agreement including, but not limited to, employees,

creditors, customers and suppliers of Seller or Buyer or any

other person Buyer or Seller may have dealt in connection with

this transaction. In particular, but not in limitation of the

foregoing, no creditor of Seller and no person seeking to enforce

any agreement between such creditor and Seller shall have any

rights by virtue of this Agreement.

DeBLOIS OIL COMPANY

By:___________________________
Robert E. DeBlois, President

PETROLEUM HEAT AND POWER CO.,
INC.

By:___________________________
C. Justin McCarthy,
Senior Vice President

______________________________
Robert E. DeBlois

______________________________
Charles H. DeBlois, Jr.

77

<PAGE>

______________________________
Stephen J. DeBlois

______________________________
Arthur J. DeBlois, Jr.

______________________________
Arthur J. DeBlois, III

78

<PAGE>

EXHIBITS

2.8.1 Tradenames and Telephone Numbers
3.2.1 Motor vehicles
3.2.2 Purchased Real Property
3.2.3 Propane Assets
3.2.4 Miscellaneous Assets
4.4(a) Posted Prices
4.4(b) Guaranteed Price Arrangement
4.4(c) Service Contract Form
4.4(e) Accounts receivable
4.4(f) Large Customers
4.4(g) Acquisitions
4.4(i) Subcontractors
4.4(j) Discounts
4.4(k) Central Delivery Systems
4.4(l) Certain Employees
4.6.1 Litigation
4.9.1 Employees
4.9.2 Benefits
4.10 Conflicting Interests
4.11 Real Estate Exceptions, etc.
4.12 Environmental Matters
9.2 Legal opinion - Seller's attorney
9.13 Form of Lease
10.3 Assumption Agreement
10.4 Legal opinion - Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim &
Ballon

79
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>