<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000007636-94-000017.txt : 19941223
<IMS-HEADER>0000007636-94-000017.hdr.sgml : 19941223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000007636-94-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950101
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941222
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARVIN INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000007636
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				350550190
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00302
		FILM NUMBER:		94565705

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE NOBLITT PLZ
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3000
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47202-3000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8123793000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE NOBLITT PLAZA
		STREET 2:		BOX 3000
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			IN
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
- ----------------------

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) of the
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) November 10, 1994
------------------
ARVIN INDUSTRIES, INC.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Indiana 1-302 35-0550190
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
(State of other (Commission file number) (IRS employer
jurisdiction of identification no.)
incorporation)

One Noblitt Plaza, Box 3000, Columbus, Indiana--------47202-3000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (812)379-3000
----------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
<PAGE>
Item 5. Other Events

The Board of Directors of the registrant adopted 
amendments to Sections 2.9 & 3.7 of its Amended and Restated By-
Laws at a regular meeting thereof, held on November 10, 1994. The 
effect of the amendment to Section 2.9, as amended, is to provide 
that the Chairman shall fix and announce the time of the opening 
and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the 
shareholders are to vote. The effect of the amendment to Section 
3.7, as amended, is to provide that special meetings of the Board 
of Directors shall be called by the Chairman or, in his or her 
absence, by the Secretary, upon the written request of a majority 
of the Board.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(c) Exhibits -

(3)(ii) Amended and Restated By-Laws.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: December 21, 1994 ARVIN INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: /s/Ronald R. Snyder
--------------------
Ronald R. Snyder
Vice President, General
Counsel & Secretary

<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(II)
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>
AMENDED AND RESTATED
BYLAWS
OF
ARVIN INDUSTRIES, INC.

ARTICLE I

SECTION 1.1. Registered Office. The registered office of 
the Corporation in the State of Indiana shall be in the City of 
Columbus, County of Bartholomew.

SECTION 1.2. Principal Business Office. The principal 
office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Columbus, County 
of Bartholomew, in the State of Indiana.

ARTICLE 2

MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

SECTION 2.1. Place of Meetings. Each meeting of 
shareholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, in or 
outside of the State of Indiana, as the Board of Directors may 
designate in the notice of such meeting, but if no such 
designation is made, then at the principal business office of the 
Corporation.

SECTION 2.2. Annual Meetings. An annual meeting of 
shareholders for the purpose of electing directors and transacting 
such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting 
shall be held on (i) the second Thursday in April of each year at 
10:30 a.m. Columbus, Indiana time, unless such day is a legal 
holiday in which case the meeting shall be held on the next 
succeeding business day that is not a legal holiday or (ii) such 
other date and at such other time as the Board of Directors may 
determine.

If for any reason any annual meeting shall not be held at the 
time herein provided, the same may be held at any time thereafter, 
upon notice as hereinafter provided, or the business thereof may 
be transacted at any special meeting of shareholders called for 
that purpose.

The Board of Directors may, upon public notice given prior to 
the scheduled meeting date, postpone, for as long as and to the 
extent permitted by the Indiana Business Corporation Law, any 
previously scheduled annual or special meeting of shareholders.

SECTION 2.3. Special Meetings. Special meetings of 
shareholders, unless otherwise required by statute and subject to 
the rights of holders of any class of Preferred Shares of the 
Corporation, may be called only by (i) the Chairman of the Board 
of Directors (the "Chairman") or the Secretary at the request in 
writing of the Chairman or (ii) the Board of Directors pursuant to 
a resolution adopted by two-thirds of the total number of 
directors which the Corporation would have if there were no 
vacancies (the "Whole Board"). Business transacted at any special 
meeting shall be confined to the purpose or purposes stated in the 
notice of such special meeting. Meetings may be held without 
notice if all shareholders entitled to vote are present or if 
notice is waived by those not present.

SECTION 2.4. Notice of Shareholders' Meetings. Notice of 
each meeting of shareholders, stating the date, time and place, 
and, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes for 
which such meeting is called, shall be given to each shareholder 
entitled to vote thereat not less than 10 nor more than 60 days 
before the date of the meeting unless otherwise prescribed by 
statute.

SECTION 2.5. Record Dates. (a) In order that the 
Corporation may determine the shareholders entitled to notice of 
or to vote at any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment 
thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other 
distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise 
any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of 
shares or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of 
Directors may fix, in advance, a future date as the record date, 
which shall not be more than 70 nor less than 10 days before the 
date of such meeting or any other action requiring a determination 
by shareholders.

(b) If a record date has not been fixed as provided in 
preceding subsection (a), then:

(i) The record date for determining shareholders 
entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders of 
the Corporation shall be at the close of business on the day next 
preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is 
waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day 
on which the meeting is held; and

(ii) The record date for determining shareholders for 
any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on 
which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating 
thereto.

(c) Only those who shall be shareholders of record on the 
record date so fixed as aforesaid shall be entitled to such notice 
of, and to vote at, such meeting and any adjournment thereof, or 
to receive payment of such dividend or other distribution, or to 
receive such allotment of rights, or to exercise such rights, as 
the case may be, notwithstanding the transfer of any shares on the 
books of the Corporation after the applicable record date, 
provided, however, the Corporation shall fix a new record date if 
a meeting is adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the date 
originally fixed for the meeting.

SECTION 2.6. List of Shareholders. The Secretary of the 
Corporation shall make, before each meeting of shareholders, an 
alphabetical list of shareholders entitled to vote thereat, 
arranged by voting group, showing the address of and number of 
shares registered in the name of each shareholder. Such list 
shall be open to the examination of any such shareholder or such 
shareholder's agent or attorney authorized in writing 
("shareholder agent"), for any purpose germane to the meeting, 
during ordinary business hours, for a period of a least 5 days 
prior to the meeting for which the list was prepared and 
continuing through the meeting, either at a place in the city 
where the meeting is being held, which place shall be specified in 
the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place 
where said meeting is to be held. Such list shall be produced and 
kept at the time and place of meeting during the whole time 
thereof for inspection by any such shareholder or shareholder 
agent who is present.

SECTION 2.7. Quorum and Adjournments. The holders of a 
majority of the voting power of the shares of the Corporation 
entitled to vote, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute 
a quorum of shareholders for all purposes unless the 
representation of a larger proportion is required by statute or by 
the Corporation's Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended 
(the "Articles of Incorporation"), and, in such cases, the 
representation of the proportion so required shall constitute a 
quorum. Whether or not there is such a quorum, the Chairman of 
the meeting or the shareholders present or represented by proxy 
representing a majority of the shares present or represented may 
adjourn the meeting from time to time without notice other than an 
announcement at the meeting. Any such adjourned meeting at which 
a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be 
transacted which might have been transacted at the original 
meeting.

SECTION 2.8. Voting by Shareholders; Proxies. Election of 
directors at all meetings of the shareholders at which directors 
are to be elected shall be by ballot, and, except as otherwise set 
forth in the Articles of Incorporation with respect to the right 
of the holders of any class or series of Preferred Shares to elect 
additional directors under specified circumstances, a plurality of 
the votes cast thereat shall elect. If a quorum exists, action on 
a matter (other than the election of directors) submitted to 
shareholders entitled to vote thereon at any meeting shall be 
approved if the votes cast favoring the action exceed the votes 
cast opposing the action, unless a greater number of affirmative 
votes is required by law or the Articles of Incorporation. 
(Amended 2/14/91)

SECTION 2.9. Conduct of Business. 

(a) Presiding Officer. The Chairman of the Board of 
Directors shall preside as Chairman of shareholder meetings and 
shall determine the order and conduct of business and all matters 
of procedure at such meetings. The Chairman shall fix and 
announce at the meeting the date and time of the opening and the 
closing of the polls for each matter upon which the shareholders 
will vote at the meeting. In the absence of the Chairman, the 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (the "Vice Chairman"), or 
if the Vice Chairman is also absent, the President, shall assume 
the duties of the Chairman specified in this paragraph (a) of 
Section 2.9. If each of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman and the 
President is absent, a vice president chosen by the Board of 
Directors shall assume the duties of the Chairman specified in 
this paragraph (a) of Section 2.9. (Amended 11/10/94)

(b) Annual Meetings of Shareholders. (i) Nominations of 
persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation 
and the proposal of business to be considered by the shareholders 
may be made at an annual meeting of shareholders (A) pursuant to 
the Corporation's notice of meeting, (B) by or at the direction of 
the Board of Directors or (C) by any shareholder of the 
Corporation who was a shareholder of record at the time of giving 
of notice provided for in this Section 2.9, who is entitled to 
vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures 
set forth in this Section 2.9.

(ii) For nominations or other business to be properly brought 
before any annual meeting by a shareholder pursuant to clause (C) 
of paragraph (b)(i) of this Section 2.9, the shareholder must have 
given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the 
Corporation. To be timely, a shareholder's notice shall be 
delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of 
the Corporation not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior 
to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; 
provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual 
meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 
60 days from such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder to 
be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 90th day prior 
to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on 
the later of the 60th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th 
day following the day on which public announcement of the date of 
such meeting is first made. Such shareholder's notice shall set 
forth (A) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to 
nominate for election or reelection as a director all information 
relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in 
solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is 
otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange 
Act") (including such person's written consent to being named in 
the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving a director if 
elected); (B) as to any other business that the shareholder 
proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the 
business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for 
conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest 
in such business of such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if 
any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; (C) as to the 
shareholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on 
whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (x) the name and 
address of such shareholder, as they appear on the Corporation's 
books, and of such beneficial owner and (y) the class and number 
of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of 
record by such shareholder and such beneficial owner.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of 
paragraph (b)(ii) of this Section 2.9 to the contrary, in the 
event that any person nominated by the Board of Directors for 
election as a director (other than a person nominated to fill a 
vacancy created by the death of a director) was not a director or 
nominee named (A) in the Corporation's proxy statement for the 
preceding annual meeting or (B) in a public announcement made by 
the Corporation at least 60 days prior to the first anniversary of 
the preceding year's annual meeting (a "New Nominee"), a 
shareholder's notice required by this Section 2.9 shall also be 
considered timely if it is delivered to the Secretary at the 
principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the 
close of business on the 10th day following the day on which 
public announcement is first made by the Corporation of the 
election or nomination of such New Nominee to the Board of 
Directors.

(iv) The notice procedures of this Section 2.9 shall not 
apply to any annual meeting if (A) with respect to annual meetings 
of shareholders subsequent to the 1992 annual meeting of 
shareholders the Corporation shall not have set forth in its proxy 
statement for the preceding annual meeting of shareholders the 
date by which notice of nominations by shareholders of persons for 
election as directors or of other business proposed to be brought 
by shareholders at the next annual meeting of shareholders must be 
received by the Corporation to be considered timely pursuant to 
this Section 2.9 or (B) with respect to the 1992 annual meeting of 
shareholders the Corporation shall have failed to issue a public 
announcement setting forth such information not less than 30 days 
prior to the date by which a shareholder's notice must be received 
by the Secretary. (Amended 11/14/91)

(c) Special Meetings of Shareholders. Only such business 
shall be conducted at a special meeting of shareholders as shall 
have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation's 
notice of meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the 
Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of 
shareholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the 
Corporation's notice of meeting (A) by or at the direction of the 
Board of Directors or (B) by any shareholder of the Corporation of 
the Corporation who is a shareholder of record at the time of 
giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.9, who shall be 
entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice 
procedures set forth in this Section 2.9. Nominations by 
shareholders of persons for election to the Board of Directors may 
be made at such a special meeting of shareholders if the 
shareholder's notice required by paragraph (b)(ii) of this Section 
2.9 shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive 
offices of the Corporation not earlier than the 90th day prior to 
such Special Meeting and not later than the close of business on 
the later of the 60th day prior to such special meeting or the 
10th day following the date on which public announcement is first 
made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees 
proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting.

(d) General. (i) Except where the terms of any class or 
series of Preferred Shares of the Corporation require the election 
of one or more directors by the holders of such Preferred Shares 
voting as a single class and except a provided in Section 3.2 of 
these By-Laws, only such persons who are nominated in accordance 
with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.9 shall be 
eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be 
conducted at a meeting of shareholders as shall have been brought 
before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in 
this Section 2.9. The person presiding at the meeting shall have 
the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any 
business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made in 
accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.9 and, 
if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with 
this Section 2.9, to declare that such defective proposal shall be 
disregarded. (Amended 2/14/91)

(ii) For purposes of this Section 2.9, "public announcement" 
shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones 
News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service 
or a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 
15(d) of the Exchange Act.

(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this 
Section 2.9, a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable 
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations 
thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 
2.9. Nothing in this Section 2.9 shall be deemed to affect any 
rights of shareholders to request inclusion of proposals in the 
Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 
Exchange Act.

Section 2.10. Inspectors. There shall be appointed by the 
Board of Directors, before each meeting of the shareholders, two 
inspectors of the vote. Such inspectors shall first take and 
subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute the duties 
of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and 
according to the best of their ability. If two inspectors are not 
appointed in advance of any such meeting by the Board of Directors 
or one or both appointed inspectors fail or refuse to act, then 
one or both inspectors, as the case may be, shall be appointed for 
the meeting by the person presiding thereat. Such inspectors 
shall be responsible for tallying and certifying the vote taken on 
any matter at each meeting which is required to be tallied and 
certified by them in the resolution of the Board of Directors 
appointing them or the appointment of the person presiding at such 
meeting as the case may be. Except as otherwise provided by these 
By-Laws or the laws of the State of Indiana, such inspectors shall 
also decide all questions touching upon the qualification of 
voters, the validity of proxies and ballots, and the acceptance 
and rejection of votes. In the case of a tie vote by the 
inspectors on any question, the person presiding at the meeting 
shall decide such question. The Board of Directors shall have the 
authority to make rules establishing presumptions as to the 
validity and sufficiency of proxies.

ARTICLE 3

DIRECTORS

SECTION 3.1. Number, Election and Terms of Office. (a) 
Subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of 
Preferred Shares to elect additional directors under specified 
circumstances, the number of directors shall be fifteen (15) 
persons and from time to time may be increased or decreased to the 
extent provided for in the Articles of Incorporation exclusively 
by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a 
majority of the Whole Board. The directors, other than those who 
may be elected by the holders of any class or series of Preferred 
Shares, shall be divided, with respect to the time for which they 
severally hold office, into three classes, each class being (and 
shall be) as nearly equal as possible. At each annual meeting of 
shareholders, (i) directors elected to succeed those directors 
whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office to 
expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of shareholders 
after their election, with each director to hold office until his 
or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified and 
(ii), if authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors, 
directors may be elected to fill any vacancy on the Board of 
Directors regardless of how such vacancy shall have been created. 
All directors so elected shall hold office until their respective 
successors are elected and qualified.

SECTION 3.2. Vacancies. Except where the terms of any class 
or series of Preferred Shares of the Corporation require the 
election of one or more directors by the holders of such Preferred 
Shares voting as a single class and except to the extent the Board 
of Directors determines otherwise, vacancies occurring on the 
Board of Directors and newly-created directorships resulting from 
any increase in the number of directors may be filled only by the 
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, 
although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and 
any director so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at 
the annual meeting of shareholders at which the term of office of 
the class of directors to which such director has been elected 
expires and until his or her successor is duly elected and 
qualified or until the earlier of his or her death, resignation or 
removal in a manner permitted by statute or these By-Laws. No 
decrease in the number of authorized directors constituting the 
Whole Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

SECTION 3.3. Powers. The business of the Corporation shall 
be managed by the Board of Directors which may exercise all powers 
of the Corporation and do all lawful acts and things not by 
statute or by the Articles of Incorporation or these By-Laws 
directed or required to be exercised or done by the shareholders.

SECTION 3.4. Place of Meetings. The place of any meeting of 
the Board of Directors may be either in or outside the State of 
Indiana.

SECTION 3.5. Annual Meetings. Annual meetings of the Board 
of Directors shall be held each year on the same day as the 
shareholder's annual meeting for such year, at the time and place 
determined by the Board of Directors or at such date, time and 
place otherwise set by the Chairman.

SECTION 3.6. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board 
of Directors shall be held in the months of February, June, 
September and November at the times and places designated by the 
Board of Directors in the notice of any such meeting, or at such 
dates, times and places otherwise set by the Chairman.

SECTION 3.7. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the 
Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman; and shall be 
called by the Chairman upon the written request of a majority of 
the entire Board of Directors of the Corporation, and in the case 
of death, disability or absence from the State of Indiana of the 
Chairman, the Secretary shall call the meeting upon such request. 
Amended 11/10/94)

SECTION 3.8. Notice of Meetings. Notice of each meeting of 
the Board of Directors shall be given to each director. Meetings 
of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and for any 
purpose, without notice, when all members of the Board of 
Directors are present.

SECTION 3.9. Quorum. Except as provided in Section 3.2, a 
whole number of directors equal to at least a majority of the 
Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of 
business at all meetings of the Board of Directors. If a quorum 
shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the 
directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, 
without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a 
quorum is present.

SECTION 3.10. Informal Action. Unless otherwise restricted 
by statute, the Articles of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any 
action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the 
Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken 
without a meeting if a written consent thereto is signed by all 
directors or by all members of such committee, as the case may be, 
and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings 
of the Board of Directors or of such committee.

SECTION 3.11. Attendance by Conference Telephone. Members 
of the Board of Directors or any committee designated by the Board 
of Directors may participate in a meeting of such Board of 
Directors or committee by means of conference telephone or similar 
communications equipment by means of which all persons 
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such 
participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at 
such meeting.

SECTION 3.12. Committees. (a) The Board of Directors may 
from time to time, in its discretion, by resolution passed by a 
majority of the Whole Board, designate, and appoint, from the 
directors, committees of one or more persons which shall have and 
may exercise such lawfully delegable powers and duties conferred 
or authorized by the resolutions of designation and appointment. 
The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to change the 
members of any such committee, to fill vacancies, and to discharge 
any such committee.

(b) Unless the Board of Directors shall provide otherwise, 
the presence of one-half of the total membership of any committee 
of the Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the 
transaction of business at any meeting of such committee and the 
act of a majority of those present shall be necessary and 
sufficient for the taking of any action thereat.

SECTION 3.13. Compensation of Directors. The directors may 
be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of 
the Board of Directors and at each meeting of a committee of the 
Board of Directors of which they are members. Unless otherwise 
provided in these By-Laws, the Chairman shall have the authority 
to fix compensation of all directors for their services to the 
Corporation as directors and for their services to the Corporation 
as members of committees of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 3.14. Removal. Subject to the rights of the holders 
of any class or series of Preferred Shares, any director or the 
entire Board of Directors may be removed from office at any time, 
but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote by the holders 
of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then 
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to 
vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a 
single class.

ARTICLE 4

NOTICES

SECTION 4.1. Notices. Notices to directors and shareholders 
shall be in writing and delivered personally or mailed to their 
addresses appearing on the records of the Corporation or, if to 
directors, by telegram, cable, telephone, telecopy, facsimile or a 
nationally recognized overnight delivery service. Notice to 
directors by mail shall be given at least two days before the 
meeting. Notice to directors by telegram, cable, personal 
delivery, telephone or wireless shall be given a reasonable time 
before the meeting, but in no event less than one hour before the 
meeting. Notice by mail shall be deemed to be given when mailed 
to the director at his or her address appearing on the records of 
the Corporation. Notice by telegram or cable shall be deemed to 
be given when the telegram or cable addressed to the director at 
his or her address appearing on the records of the Corporation is 
delivered to the telegraph company. Notice by telephone or 
wireless shall be deemed to be given when transmitted by telephone 
or wireless to the telephone number or wireless call designation 
appearing on the records of the Corporation for the director 
(regardless of whether the director shall have personally received 
such telephone call or wireless message), provided confirmation of 
transmission shall be made promptly by telegram or cable in the 
manner specified above.

SECTION 4.2. Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is 
required, a waiver thereof signed by the person entitled to such 
notice and filed with the minutes or corporate records, whether 
before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed 
equivalent thereto. Attendance of any person at any meeting of 
shareholders or directors shall constitute a waiver of notice of 
such meeting, except when such person attends only for the express 
purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting (or in the 
case of a director's meeting, promptly upon such director's 
arrival), to the transaction of any business at the meeting and 
does not thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the 
meeting.

ARTICLE 5

OFFICERS

SECTION 5.1. Designation; Number; Election. The Board of 
Directors shall elect the officers of the Corporation. Such 
officers shall be a chairman of the Board of Directors, a vice 
chairman of the Board of Directors, a president, one or more vice 
presidents as the Board of Directors shall determine from time to 
time, a controller, a treasurer, and a secretary. The Chairman, 
Vice Chairman and the President shall be chosen from the 
directors.

In addition to any vice president elected by the Board of 
Directors, the President, at any time, may appoint one or more 
vice presidents as the President may determine from time to time.

In addition to the foregoing officers elected by the Board of 
Directors and/or appointed by the President, the Board of 
Directors and/or the President, at any time, may elect or appoint 
one or more assistant controllers, assistant treasurers, assistant 
secretaries and other officers.

In addition to the foregoing officers elected by the Board of 
Directors and/or appointed by the President, the Controller, the 
Treasurer and the Secretary, at any time, may appoint one or more 
assistant controllers, assistant treasurers and assistant 
secretaries, respectively, as the Controller, the Treasurer and 
the Secretary may determine from time to time.

One person may hold more than one office at the same time 
provided the duties of such officers as prescribed by these By-
Laws may be properly and consistently performed by one person.

SECTION 5.2. Term of Office; Removal; Vacancies. The term 
of each officer shall be for one year and continue until his or 
her successor is chosen and qualified or until the earlier of his 
or her death, resignation or removal, except that any such officer 
elected by the Board of Directors, excluding the Chairman, the 
Vice Chairman and the President, at any time, may be suspended by 
the Chairman, the Vice Chairman or the President until the Board 
of Directors convenes, and any such officer, including the 
Chairman, the Vice Chairman and the President, may be removed at 
any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of 
the Whole Board.

Vacancies occurring among officers elected by the Board of 
Directors may be filled at any time by the Board of Directors.

All agents and representatives of the Corporation shall hold 
office only during the pleasure of the Board of Directors or the 
officer appointing them.

SECTION 5.3. Compensation of Officers. The compensation 
committee of the Board of Directors shall have the authority to 
fix compensation of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman and the 
President. The President and/or such officer as the President may 
designate shall have the authority to fix compensation of all 
other officers of the Corporation.

SECTION 5.4. Chairman of the Board of Directors. The 
Chairman of the Board of Directors shall, subject to the Board of 
Directors, have general management and oversight of the 
administration and operation of the Corporation's business and 
general supervision of its policies and affairs. He or she shall 
see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors and 
of any committee thereof are carried into effect.

He or she shall (a) preside at all meetings of the 
shareholders and of the Board of Directors, and shall have plenary 
power to set the agenda, determine the procedure and rules of 
order and make definitive rulings at meetings of shareholders; (b) 
be ex-officio a member of all committees except the audit 
committee and the stock option committee; (c) have power to 
appoint officers for any division who, as such, shall not be 
officers of the Corporation; (d) subject to the Board of 
Directors, be in general and active charge of the entire business 
and all the affairs of the Corporation; and (e) have such other 
powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the 
Board of Directors or provided in these By-Laws. (Amended 
6/17/93)

Section 5.5. Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. The 
Vice Chairman shall have such powers and duties prescribed in 
these By-Laws or assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors. 
In the absence or disability of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman 
shall preside at meetings of the Board of Directors and shall 
perform such other duties of the Chairman as may be assigned to 
him or her by the Board of Directors.

Section 5.6. President. The President shall have such 
powers and duties prescribed in these By-Laws or assigned to him 
or her by the Board of Directors. In the absence or disability of 
the Chairman and the Vice Chairman, the President shall preside at 
meetings of the Board of Directors and shall perform such other 
duties of the Chairman as may be assigned to him or her by the 
Board of Directors. In the absence or disability of the Chairman, 
the Vice Chairman and the President, on assembling for a regular 
or special meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors shall 
choose one of the Vice Presidents in attendance to preside at such 
meeting.

Section 5.7. Vice Presidents. Each Vice President shall 
have the powers and duties prescribed in these By-Laws or assigned 
to him or her by the Board of Directors, the Chairman or the 
President. The Board of Directors and/or the President may 
designate one or more of such vice presidents, as executive, 
senior or assistant vice presidents.

SECTION 5.8. Controller. Subject to control and supervision 
by the President or such officer as the President may designate 
and by the Board of Directors, the Controller shall be in charge 
of the accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries; maintain 
adequate records of all assets, liabilities and business 
transactions; and have such other powers and duties prescribed by 
these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors, the President or such 
officer as the President may designate, and the usual powers and 
duties pertaining to his or her office.

SECTION 5.9. Assistant Controllers. The Assistant 
Controllers shall have the powers and duties prescribed by these 
By-Laws or assigned by the Controller. IN the absence or 
disability of the Controller, they shall have all his other powers 
and duties.

SECTION 5.10. Treasurer. Subject to control and supervision 
by the President or such officer as the President may designate 
and by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall propose 
financial policies, negotiate loans and be responsible for the 
maintenance of proper insurance coverages; and have such other 
powers and duties prescribed by these By-Laws or by the Board of 
Directors, the President or such officer as the President may 
designate, and the usual powers and duties pertaining to his or 
her office.

SECTION 5.11. Assistant Treasurers. The Assistant 
Treasurers shall have the powers and duties prescribed by these 
By-Laws or assigned by the Treasurer. In the absence of the 
Treasurer, they shall have all his other powers and duties.

SECTION 5.12. Secretary. Subject to control and supervision 
by the President or such officer as the President may designate 
and by the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors, the secretary shall attend and record proceedings of 
meetings of shareholders and directors and have such other powers 
and duties prescribed by these By-Laws or by the Board of 
Directors, the President or such officer as the President may 
designate, and the usual powers and duties pertaining to his or 
her office.

SECTION 5.13. Assistant Secretaries. The Assistant 
Secretaries shall have the powers and duties prescribed by these 
By-Laws or assigned by the Secretary. In the absence or 
disability of the Secretary, they shall have all his or her powers 
and duties.

ARTICLE 6

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

SECTION 6.1. Contracts, Deeds and Other Instruments. All 
agreements evidencing indebtedness of the Corporation, including 
but not limited to contracts, trust deeds, promissory notes, sight 
drafts, time drafts and letters of credit (including applications 
therefor), may be signed by any one of the Chairman, the Vice 
Chairman, the President, any Executive Vice President. the Vice 
President-Finance, the Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer, any 
Assistant Secretary, and any person authorized by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors. Such documents pertaining to the business 
of a division of the Corporation, in excess of the principal 
amount determined from time to time for each division by the 
Chairman, may be signed by appropriate officers of such division 
only upon written authorization signed by any one of the Chairman, 
the Vice Chairman, the President, any Executive Vice President, 
the Vice President-Finance and the Treasurer or upon authorization 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors.

A certified copy of these By-Laws and/or any authorization 
given hereunder may be furnished as evidence of the authorities 
herein granted, and all persons shall be entitled to rely on such 
authorities in the case of a specific contract, conveyance or 
other transaction without the need of a resolution of the Board of 
Directors specifically authorizing the transaction involved. 
(Amended 2/14/91)

Section 6.2. Checks. Checks and other negotiable 
instruments for the disbursement of Corporation funds may be 
signed by the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President, any 
Executive Vice President, the Vice President-Finance and the 
Treasurer. In addition to the foregoing, other persons may sign 
instruments for the disbursement of Corporation funds under 
written authorization signed by any two of the foregoing officers 
acting jointly. Electronic or wire transfers of funds may be 
authorized by any officer of the Corporation who is authorized 
pursuant to this Section 6.2 to disburse Corporation funds by 
check or other negotiable instrument. (Amended 2/14/91)

Section 6.3. Banking. Any two of the Chairman, the 
President, an Executive Vice President, the Vice President - 
Finance and the Treasurer, at least one of whom must be either the 
Vice President - Finance or the Treasurer, shall be empowered to 
establish and maintain, for and on behalf of the Corporation, one 
or more accounts with such banks, depositories, trust companies or 
other financial institutions as they may designate ("Banks") for 
the deposit of checks, drafts and other funds, and for the keeping 
of securities, notes and other evidences of indebtedness, and to 
enter into such agreements with Banks with respect to the 
establishment and maintenance of such accounts, or effecting 
foreign exchange or derivative transactions, as they deem 
necessary or proper in their sole discretion, and to bind and 
obligate the Corporation with respect thereto. In addition to the 
authority heretofore set forth, any two of the foregoing 
corporate officers, at least one of whom must be either the Vice 
President - Finance or the Treasurer, acting jointly, shall also 
have the authority to designate in writing to any Bank those other 
officers, employees and agents of the Corporation 
("Representatives") who shall be authorized to sign checks or 
other drafts, and to issue written, telephonic, electronic or oral 
instructions with respect to the transfer of funds of the 
Corporation on deposit with a Bank (or transferable by or to a 
Bank), by wire or otherwise, without any written order for the 
payment of money being issued with respect to such transfer, and, 
for on behalf of the Corporation, to enter into such agreements 
with a Bank with respect to any such transfer, or with respect to 
foreign exchange or derivative transactions, as such 
Representatives, in their sole discretion, deem advisable. 
(Amended 9/8/94)

Section 6.4. Voting of Stock. Unless otherwise ordered by 
the Board of Directors, the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the 
President or any Vice President elected by the Board of Directors 
or appointed by the President shall have the power to execute and 
deliver on behalf of the Corporation proxies on stock owned by the 
Corporation appointing a person or persons to represent and vote 
such stock at any meeting of stockholders, with full power of 
substitution, and shall have power to alter or rescind such 
appointment. Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, 
the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President, any Vice President 
elected by the Board or appointed by the President shall have the 
power on behalf of the Corporation to attend and to act and vote 
at any meeting of stockholders of any corporation in which the 
Corporation holds stock and shall possess and may exercise any and 
all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such stock, 
which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have possessed 
and exercised if present. The Board may confer like powers upon 
any other person or persons.

Section 6.5. Transfer of Stock. Such form of transfer or 
assignment customary or necessary to effect a transfer of stocks 
or other securities standing in the name of the Corporation shall 
be signed by the Chairman, the Vice Chairman, the President, any 
Executive Vice President, the Vice President-Finance or the 
Treasurer, and the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary shall sign 
as witness if required on the form. A corporation or person 
transferring any such stocks or other securities pursuant to a 
form of transfer or assignment so executed shall be fully 
protected and shall be under no duty to inquire whether the Board 
of Directors has taken action in respect thereof. (Amended 
2/14/91)

ARTICLE 7

SHARE CERTIFICATES AND THEIR TRANSFER

SECTION 7.1. Share Certificates. Certificates for shares of 
the Corporation shall be signed by the Chairman, the Vice 
Chairman, the President, any Executive Vice President or the Vice 
President-Finance, and by the Secretary or any Assistant 
Secretary, and shall not be valid unless so signed. Such 
certificates shall be appropriately numbered and contain the name 
of the registered holder, the number of shares and the date of 
issue. If such certificates is countersigned (a) by a transfer 
agent other than the Corporation or its employee, or (b) by a 
registrar other than the Corporation or its employee, any other 
signature on the certificate may be a facsimile. (Amended 
2/14/91)

In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has 
signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a 
certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, 
or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued 
by the Corporation with the same effect as if he, she or it were 
such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue.

During any period when more than one class of shares of the 
Corporation is authorized, there shall be set forth on the face or 
back of certificates issued to represent each class or series of 
shares, a statement that the Corporation will furnish without 
charge to each shareholder who so requests, the designation, 
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special 
rights of each class of shares or series thereof and the 
qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences 
and/or rights.

SECTION 7.2. Transfer of Shares. Upon surrender to the 
Corporation or a transfer agent of the Corporation of a 
certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper 
evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer, it 
shall be the duty of the Corporation and such transfer agent to 
issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the 
old certificate and record the transaction. No certificate shall 
be issued in exchange for any certificate until the former 
certificate for the same number of shares of the same class and 
series shall have been surrendered and canceled, except as 
provided in Section 7.4.

SECTION 7.3. Regulations. The Board of Directors shall have 
authority to make rules and regulations concerning the issue, 
transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the 
Corporation.

SECTION 7.4. Lost, Stolen and Destroyed Certificates. The 
Corporation may issue a new certificate or certificates for shares 
in place of any issued certificate alleged to have been lost, 
stolen or destroyed upon such terms and conditions as the Board of 
Directors may prescribe.

SECTION 7.5. Registered Shareholders. The Corporation shall 
be entitled to treat the holder or record (according to the books 
of the Corporation) of any share or shares as the holder in fact 
thereof and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other 
claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any 
other party whether or not the Corporation shall have express or 
other notice thereof, except as expressly provided by the laws of 
Indiana.

SECTION 7.6. Transfer Agents and Registrars. The Board of 
Directors may from time to time appoint a transfer agent and a 
registrar in one or more cities, may require all certificates 
evidencing shares of the Corporation to bear the signatures of a 
transfer agent and a registrar, may provide that such certificates 
shall be transferable in more than one city, and may provide for 
the functions of transfer agent and registrar to be combined in 
one agency.

ARTICLE 8

INDEMNIFICATION

SECTION 8.1. Litigation Brought By Third Parties. The 
Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is 
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or 
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, 
administrative or investigative, formal or informal (other than an 
action by or in the right of the Corporation) (an "Action") by 
reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, 
employee or agent of the Corporation (a "Corporate Person"), or is 
or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, 
officer, employee, agent, partner, trustee or member or in another 
authorized capacity (collectively, an "Authorized Capacity") of or 
for another corporation, unincorporated association, business 
trust, state, partnership, joint venture, individual or other 
legal entity, whether or not organized or formed for profit 
(collectively, "Another Entity"), against expenses (including 
attorneys' fees), judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in 
connection with such Action ("Expenses") if he or she acted in 
good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in 
or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with 
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable 
cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The termination 
of any Action by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon 
a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, 
create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and 
in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not 
opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with 
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause 
to believe his conduct was unlawful.

SECTION 8.2. Litigation by or in the Right of the 
Corporation. The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was 
or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Action 
suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment 
in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a 
Corporate Person, or is or was serving at the request of the 
Corporation in an Authorized Capacity of or for Another Entity 
against Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in 
connection with that defense or settlement of such Action if he or 
she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably 
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the 
Corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made in 
respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person 
shall have been adjudged to be liable for willful negligence or 
misconduct in the performance of his duty to the Corporation 
unless and only to the extent that a court of equity or the court 
in which such Action was pending shall determine upon application 
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the 
circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably 
entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court of equity 
or other court shall deem proper.

SECTION 8.3. Successful Defense. To the extent that a 
person who is or was a Corporate Person or in an Authorized 
Capacity of Another Entity serving at the request of the 
Corporation and has been successful on the merits or otherwise in 
defense of any Action, referred to in Section 8.1 and 8.2 of this 
Article, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he 
or she shall be indemnified against Expenses actually and 
reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith.

SECTION 8.4. Determination of Conduct. Any indemnification 
under Section 8.1 or 8.2 of this Article (unless ordered by a 
court) shall be made by the Corporation only upon a determination 
that indemnification of the person is proper in the circumstances 
because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set 
forth in said Sections 8.1 or 8.2. Such determination shall be 
made (a) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote or (b) if a 
quorum cannot be obtained by a majority vote of a committee duly 
designated by the Board of Directors (in which designation 
directors who are parties may participate) consisting of two or 
more directors not at the time parties to such action suit or 
proceeding or (c) by special legal counsel or (d) by the 
shareholders, provided, however, shares owned by or voted under 
the control of persons who are at the time parties to such action, 
suit or proceeding may not be voted on the determination.

SECTION 8.5. Advance Payment. The Corporation shall advance 
Expenses reasonably incurred by any Corporate Person in any Action 
in advance of the final disposition thereof upon the undertaking 
of such party to repay the advance unless it is ultimately 
determined that such party is entitled to indemnification 
hereunder, if (a) the indemnitee furnishes the Corporation a 
written affirmation of his or her good faith belief that he or she 
has satisfied the standard of conduct in Section 8.1 or 8.2 and 
(b) a determination is made by those making the decision pursuant 
to Section 8.4 that the facts then known would not preclude 
indemnification under these By-Laws.

SECTION 8.6. By-Law Not Exclusive. The indemnification 
provided by this Article 8 shall not be deemed exclusive of any 
other rights to which any person may be entitled under any by-law, 
agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or 
otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and 
as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and 
shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, 
officer, employee, agent or participant and shall inure to the 
benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a 
person.

SECTION 8.7. Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and 
maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a 
Corporate Person or is or was serving at the request of the 
Corporation in an Authorized Capacity of or for Another Entity 
against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by 
him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her 
status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the 
power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the 
provisions of this Article or the Business Corporation Law of the 
State of Indiana.

SECTION 8.8. Effect of Invalidity. The invalidity or 
unenforceability of any provision of this Article 8 shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions 
of this Article 8.

SECTION 8.9. Definition of Corporation. For purposes of 
this Article 8, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in 
addition to the surviving or resulting corporation, any 
constituent corporation (including any constituent of a 
constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its 
separate existence had continued, would have had power and 
authority to indemnify its director, officer, employee or agent of 
such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request 
of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee 
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust 
or other enterprise shall stand in the same position under the 
provisions of this Article 8 with respect to the surviving or 
resulting corporation as he or she would have with respect to such 
constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.

SECTION 8.10. Change in Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing 
provisions of Article 8, the Corporation shall indemnify any 
person who is or was a Corporate Person or is or was serving at 
the request of the Corporation in an Authorized Capacity of or for 
Another Entity to the full extent permitted by the Indiana 
Business Corporation Law or by any other applicable law, as may 
from time to time be in effect.

ARTICLE 9

GENERAL

SECTION 9.1. Dividends. Subject to any provisions of any 
applicable statute or of the Articles of Incorporation, dividends 
may be declared upon the capital stock of the Corporation by the 
Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting thereof; and 
such dividends may be paid in cash, property or shares of the 
Corporation.

SECTION 9.2. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the 
Corporation shall be the fifty-two or fifty-three week period 
beginning the Monday following the Sunday nearest December 31 of 
each year.

SECTION 9.3. Severability. If any provision of these By-
Laws, or its application thereof to any person or circumstances, 
is held invalid, the remainder of these By-Laws and the 
application of such provision to other persons or circumstances 
shall not be affected thereby.

SECTION 9.4. Amendments. These By-Laws may be amended, 
added to, rescinded or repealed only by an affirmative vote of at 
least two-thirds of the directors then in office at any meeting of 
the Board of Directors.

SECTION 9.5. Control Shares. The terms "control shares" and 
"control share acquisition" used in this Section 9.5 shall have 
the meanings set forth in Indiana Business Corporation Law Section 
23-1-42-1 et seq. (the "Act"). Control shares of the Corporation 
acquired in a control share acquisition shall have only such 
voting rights as are conferred by the Act.

Control shares of the Corporation acquired in a control share 
acquisition with respect to the acquiring person has not filed 
with the Corporation the Statement required by the Act may, at any 
time during the period ending sixty days after the last 
acquisition of control shares by the acquiring person, be redeemed 
by the Corporation at the fair value thereof pursuant to 
procedures authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors. 
Such authority may be exercised generally or confined to specific 
instances.

Control shares of the Corporation acquired in a control share 
acquisition with respect to which the acquiring person was not 
granted full voting rights by the shareholders as provided in the 
Act may, at any time after the shareholder vote required by the 
Act, be redeemed by the Corporation at the fair value thereof 
pursuant to procedures authorized by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors. Such authority may be exercised generally or confined 
to specific instances.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>