<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000818687-94-000002.txt : 19940407
<IMS-HEADER>0000818687-94-000002.hdr.sgml : 19940407
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000818687-94-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940405
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940406
SROS:			NASD
SROS:			PSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MCCAW CELLULAR COMMUNICATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000818687
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	4812
		IRS NUMBER:				911379052
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09854
		FILM NUMBER:		94520449

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1150 CONNECTICUT AVENUE NW
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2068274500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 CONNECTICUT AVE, NW, SUITE 401
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20036
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>MCCAW CELLULAR COMMUNICATIONS FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report: April 5, 1994

McCAW CELLULAR COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

A Delaware Commission File I.R.S. Employer
Corporation No. 1-9854 No. 91-1379052

5400 Carillon Point, Kirkland, Washington 98033

Telephone Number (206) 827-4500<PAGE>
<PAGE> 2

Item 5. Other Events.

On April 5, 1994, the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia issued an Order in the case entitled United
States of America vs. Western Electric Company, Inc. (Civil
Action No. 82-0192 (HHG)) granting in part and denying in part
BellSouth Corporation's motion for a declaratory ruling that
American Telephone and Telegraph Company's ("AT&T") proposed
acquisition of McCaw Cellular Communications, Inc. ("McCaw")
would violate Section I(D) of the Modification of Final Judgment
("MFJ"), United States v. American Telephone and Telegraph Co.,
552 F. Supp. 131 (D.D.C. 1982), aff'd sub nom, Maryland v.
United States, 460 U.S. 1001 (1983). The Court determined that
AT&T's acquisition of McCaw's interest in cellular properties
controlled by a Bell Operating Company would violate Section I(D)
of the MFJ, that AT&T must seek a modification or waiver of the
decree to proceed, and that, inasmuch as AT&T had not to date
addressed in sufficient detail the factors that must ultimately
be considered in determining whether a waiver is justified, and
the other parties have had no meaningful opportunity to present
their views in response, the record before the Court was
insufficient to support a waiver. Accordingly, the Court
declined to grant such a waiver without prejudice to a renewed
request by AT&T, and noted that its ruling does not absolutely
foreclose the waiver or modification. Rather, the Court held
that AT&T must satisfy the legal standard for a decree
modification which it has thus far failed to meet.

There can be no assurance as to whether the Court will grant
any waiver, or if granted when that will occur.

See the full text of the Court's decision included herein as
Exhibit 99(a).

Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information
and Exhibits.

(c) Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number

99(a) Opinion, dated April 5, 1994.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

McCAW CELLULAR COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

ANDREW A. QUARTNER 
Andrew A. Quartner
Senior Vice President-Law

Date: April 6, 1994<PAGE>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit
Number

99(a) Opinion, dated April 5, 1994.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99 - OPINION
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, )
)
Plaintiff, )
) Civic Action No. 82-0192
v. ) (HHG)
)
WESTERN ELECTRIC COMPANY, )
INC., et al., )

Defendants.

OPINION

Before the Court are a number of motions generated by the

announcement of the proposed merger of AT&T and McCaw Cellular 

Communications ("McCaw"), the nation's largest single provider of

cellular telephone service.(1) Although the various motions 

- -------------------
(1) The instant motions have arrived in four waves.
Initially, BellSouth Corporation ("BellSouth") filed a motion
requesting a declaratory ruling that the proposed merger would
violate Section I(D) of the decree entered in this case. See
United States v. American Telephone and Telegraph Co., 552 F.
Supp. 131 (D.D.C. 1982), aff'd sub nom, Maryland v. United
States, 460 U.S. 1001 (1983). The motion also argued that any
waiver request from AT&T should only be considered in conjunction
with a request filed by the Regional Companies for generic
wireless relief, currently pending before the Department of
Justice (the "Department"). Responses were received from various
parties, including the Department and AT&T. 

Apparently sensing the need to expand the scope of the
issues presented in the first set of motions, AT&T initiated a
new round of filings with its request for an expedited ruling
that Section I(D) is inapplicable to the proposed merger or, in
the alternative, for an expedited waiver of any violation of the
decree resulting from the merger. Responses were again received. 
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 2

attempt to frame the issues requiring resolution in slightly 

different terms and raise a number of peripheral issues, at 

bottom only two questions need be answered: (l) would the 

proposed merger violate Section I(D) of the decree and (2) if so,

should the Court grant a modification or waiver of that section? 

I

At the time the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") 

initially began cellular licensing, prior to the AT&T 

divestiture, two licenses were awarded in each Metropolitan 

Statistical Area ("MSA") and Rural Statistical Area ("RSA"). One 

of these licenses, the "B Block" license, was generally awarded 

to the Bell System. The other license in each area, the "A Block"

license, was initially awarded to firms unaffiliated with 

exchange carriers.(2) At divestiture, the wireless operations of

the Bell System, consisting of "B Block" licenses, were assigned

to and they are now held by the various Regional Companies. 

- --------------------
A third set of motions were initiated with BellSouth's
request that the Court strike AT&T's motion. Thankfully, no
parties felt any compunction to respond. As a result, however,
BellSouth did take the opportunity to notify the Court that the
its motion to strike should be treated as conceded. 

Finally, BellSouth filed its conditional motion requesting
that in the event the Court provided any of the relief requested
by AT&T, all decree restrictions be removed from the provision of
wireless services. 

(2) Other than the distinction made for the purpose of
initially processing applications and awarding the licenses,
however, the licenses were and are identical. <PAGE>

<PAGE> 3

Notwithstanding this initial bifurcation, the FCC announced

in 1986 that the Regional Companies would be allowed to purchase 

interests in "A Block" cellular licenses outside their own

exchange region. Although this Court had previously construed the

decree as prohibiting these companies from providing 

extraregional exchange services, and consequently from purchasing

such interests, United States v. Western Elec. Co., 627 F. Supp. 

1090, 1106 (D.D.C. 1986), the Court of Appeals took a contrary

view. See United States v. Western Elec. Co., 797 F.2d 1082, 

1089-92 (D.C. Cir. 1986). As a result, the various Regional 

Companies began aggressively purchasing interests in "A Block" 

licenses outside their own exchange regions. 

Meanwhile, McCaw and its affiliates were among a number of 

firms that originally and subsequently pursued the "A Block" 

licenses that had been reserved for non-exchange carriers. Either

directly or through partnerships with other entities, McCaw 

acquired interests in a number of these licenses -- holding 

majority interests in some of the systems and minority interests 

in others.

It was probably inevitable, based upon the foregoing, that 

the various Regional Companies would eventually purchase from 

McCaw partners certain ownership interests in "A Block" 

franchises, creating de facto partnerships between McCaw and the 

various Regional Companies. Indeed, in some instances, the 

Regional Companies acquired controlling interests. It is the
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 4

joint ownership of these cellular properties that creates the 

issue before the Court because if the AT&T-McCaw merger is 

consummated, AT&T will succeed to the ownership interest of McCaw

and thus become a partner with the Regional Companies in many 

cellular properties controlled by the latter. 

II

The Court's threshold inquiry is simply whether the proposed

merger would violate the decree. If the answer is no, the paper 

deluge has been for naught and AT&T would need to seek no further

relief from this Court.(3) However, in the Court's view, there 

can be no serious doubt that the merger would indeed violate the 

plain and express language of the decree. 

Interpretation and construction of the decree, as always, 

requires the application of ordinary principles of contract law.

United States v. Western Elec. Co., 894 F.2d 430, 434 (D.C. Cir. 

1990); United States v. Western Elec. Co., supra, 797 F.2d at 

- ------------------
(3) The Court notes that the proposed merger is undergoing
the antitrust scrutiny of the Department under Hart-Scott-Rodino
and the Clayton Acts in the normal course of the Department's
antitrust enforcement responsibilities. Notwithstanding the fact
that certain filings have strayed into arguing the competitive
merits of the AT&T-McCaw merger, see Response of U S West, Inc.
to AT&T's Motion for an Expedited Ruling that Section I(D) is
Inapplicable to the AT&T-McCaw Merger or for an Expedited Waiver,
at 3-5; Opposition of Nynex Corp., Pacific Telesis Group, and
Southwestern Bell Corp. to AT&T's Motion for an Expedited
Modification of Section I(D~, at 11, that issue is not before
this Court. The Court therefore stresses that resolution of the
decree issues presented in this Memorandum is in no way intended
to express any opinion with respect to the propriety or legality
of the proposed merger under the antitrust laws themselves. 
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 5

1089. It follows, of course, that the meaning of the decree is 

discerned, in the first instance, from "within its four corners."

United States v. Armour & Co., 402 U.S. 673, 682 (1971). Because 

the Court is not here faced with uncertainty surrounding the 

"technical meaning" of decree terms, United States v. Western 

Elec. Co., supra, 894 F.2d at 434, or with terms undefined within

the decree itself, the court need not look beyond the language of

the decree. 

Section I(D) of the decree provides that "[a]fter the 

reorganization specified in paragraph I(A)(4), AT&T shall not 

acquire the stock or assets of any BOC." 552 F. Supp. at 227 

(emphasis added). Section IV(C) of the decree then defines "BOC" 

as "the corporations listed in Appendix A attached to this 

Modification of Final Judgment and any entity directly or 

indirectly owned or controlled by a BOC or affiliated through 

substantial common ownership." Id. at 228 (emphasis added.) 

Because it is undisputed that Regional Companies, as successors 

of the BOCs, own controlling interests in several of the cellular

properties in which AT&T will acquire ownership interests as a 

result of the proposed merger, the plain language of Sections 

I(D) and IV(C) compels the conclusion that the merger would 

violate the prohibitions of Section I(D).(4)

- ---------------------
(4) In fact, even AT&T does not dispute that the cellular
properties in which Regional Companies own a controlling interest
are BOCs. It has long been understood that such properties are
BOCs and are subject the restrictions imposed upon the BOCs by
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 6

AT&T nevertheless refuses to concede the implications of 

this decree language. Relying on selected quotations from this 

Court's prior decisions and the Competitive Impact Statement 

filed by the Department attending the initial entry of the 

decree, AT&T attempts to restrict the scope of the cited decree 

provisions. Foremost in this attempt, AT&T contends that the 

decree prohibits only the "reacquisition" of divested assets. 

Because the "A Block" licenses were not divested -- only "B 

Block" licenses had been owned by the Bell System -- AT&T 

contends that the decree is not implicated. Of course, the 

answer to this argument is that the language of the decree 

prohibits AT&T from "acquir[ing]" stock or assets of BOCs -- not

from "reacquiring" such interests.(5) 

AT&T also complains that it has been blindsided by a change-

of-position by the Department with respect to its interpretation 

of Section I(D). However, AT&T's accusations prove too much. 

- ---------------------
the decree. See AT&T's Reply to Oppositions to Its Motion for an
Expedited Ruling that Section I(D) is Inapplicable to the AT&T
McCaw Merger or for an Expedited Waiver, at 2-5. 

(5) Careful consideration of AT&T's position reveals its
most basic flaw. If the decree prohibited only the reacquisition
of those assets actually divested, Section I(D) would surely be a
paper tiger. AT&T's reading is at odds with the incontrovertible
proposition that it was foreseen at divestiture that the Regional
Companies would acquire new assets in their operations that were
subject to the decree's restrictions, and that those assets would
in turn be subject to the restrictions and become BOCs under the
definition provided in the decree. Under AT&T's interpretation,
it presumably could acquire exchange service and exchange access
facilities so long as they were constructed by a Regional Company
after divestiture. 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 7

AT&T relies upon a Department non-enforcement position taken in 

response to AT&T's proposed purchase of certain CPE maintenance 

assets from a Regional Company in 1991. It is obvious that the 

Department could not have intended its no-action letter to 

provide any far-reaching decree interpretation. Moreover, even 

assuming that this argument had some footing, the Department's 

interpretation would not bind the Court. Nor would it persuade 

the Court to ignore the plain language of the decree. 

For these reasons, the Court concludes that AT&T's 

acquisition of McCaw's interests in cellular properties 

controlled by Regional Companies would violate Section I(D) of 

the decree.(6)

III 

In light of the foregoing determination, the Court must 

proceed to consider the merits of AT&T's motion for a 

modification or waiver of the acquisition prohibition contained 

in Section I(D) of the decree. Before reaching that question, 

however, the Court will briefly address two peripheral issues 

raised by the parties. 

- ----------------------
(6) Because of the posture in which the instant dispute has
come to the Court and the manner in which it has been briefed, an
important and potentially equally troublesome issue has not been
fully explored by the parties -- whether AT&T's acquisition of
interests in cellular properties in which a Regional Company owns
a r.on-controlling interest would also represent a violation of
the decree. Under the circumstances presented, however, the Court
need not reach that issue. 
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 8

First, the court rejects the argument made by several 

Regional Companies that the court should not consider the AT&T 

waiver request absent simultaneous consideration of the Regional 

Companies' request, currently pending before the Department, for

a generic waiver of the decree as it applies to the provision of

wireless telephone services.(7) This Court long ago established 

procedures for seeking waivers of the decree's line of business 

restrictions. Notwithstanding the Regional Companies' 

opportunistic attempts to end-run those procedures and _ 

resolution of their request to a decision on the instant motions,

the Court will adhere to its prior course. There has been no 

demonstration of why the Court should deviate from its 

established procedures simply because the instant waiver request

involves some issues arguably common to the request pending 

before the Department. Moreover, the degree to which the two 

issues may in fact be related has been overstated.(8)

- --------------------
(7) The Regional Companies originally filed their request
for a generic wireless waiver with the Department in December
1991 in compliance with the Court's previously issued procedural
Orders. See United States v. Western Elec. Co., No. 82-0192
(D.D.C. July 30, 1991); United States v. Western Elec. Co., No.
82-0192 (D-D-C- March 13, 1986); United States v. Western Elec.
Co., 592 F. Supp. 846 (D.D.C. 1984). After public comment, the
Regional Companies submitted a modified request to the Department
in September 1993. That request remains pending before the
Department. 

(8) The fact that BellSouth, in the latest round of filings,
has requested relief from this Court which exceeds that most
recently sought from the Department speaks volumes. In September
1993, when the Bell Companies presented their modified wireless
waiver request to the Department, they withdrew their earlier 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 9

Second, the Court rejects the argument of the Regional 

Companies that the instant waiver request must be referred to the

Department for review prior to consideration by this Court.(9) 

This argument ignores the primary purpose underlying the Court's

referral of line of business waivers to the Department in the 

first instance. The decree specifically provides in Section 

VIII(C) the standard for modifications of the line of business 

restrictions imposed by Section II(D).(10) Consideration of 

requests under this standard obviously requires a competitive 

analysis which the Department is particularly qualified to 

perform in the first instance. This and other considerations led

the Court to establish the requirement for initial review by the

Department on line of business waiver requests.(11)

- -------------------
request for the removal of the equal access restrictions of the
decree and sought only the removal of interexchange restrictions.
BellSouth now seeks from this court a waiver removing both
restrictions. 

(9) "The Court should also reject AT&T's attempt to jump the
queue, ahead of the BOCs' generic wireless request." Opposition
of Nynex Corporation, Pacific Telesis Group, and Southwestern
Bell Corporation to AT&T's Motion for an Expedited Modification
of Section I(D), at 13. 

(10) Section VIII(C) requires that a petitioning Regional
Company demonstrate "that there is no substantial possibility
that it could use its monopoly power to impede competition in the
market it seeks to enter." 

(11) "In order to encourage informal negotiation and
resolution, to avoid inundation of the Court with requests, and
to make use of the expertise of the Department of Justice, all
such requests will be initially referred to the Department of
Justice . . . ." United States v. Western Elec. Co., supra, 592
F. Supp. at 873. 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 10

In contrast, although this is the first time the Court has 

been presented with a modification request pertaining to Section 

I(D), it is clear that waiver requests under that section are 

made pursuant to Section VII of the decree and are merely 

governed by the appropriate common law standard. See United 

States v. Western Elec. Co., 969 F.2d 1231, 1235 (D.C. Cir. 

1992); Part V infra. Modifications requested under the Court's 

general retention of jurisdiction in Section VII of the decree 

may come in any number of forms and deal with varied issues. Any 

blanket requirement that such requests be automatically referred 

to the Department in the first instance strikes the Court as 

unwarranted. For this reason, the Court has never mandated such

referral across the board.(12) Of course, the Court would not 

hesitate to use the referral mechanism where warranted. 

IV

AT&T's effort to persuade the Court that a modification or 

waiver is justified has been concentrated on its argument that 

the particular circumstances warrant the grant of a "summary 

waiver" of Section I(D).(13) AT&T contends that the literal 

- -------------------
(12) The Court just recently considered without referral a
non-Section II(D) waiver requests by a Regional Company. See
United States v. Western Elec. Co., No. 82-0192 (D.D.C. Dec. 17,
1993) (denying BellSouth's motion for waiver of Section II(B)
non-discrimination provision). 

(13) In fact, AT&T asks the Court to forego even addressing
the interpretive issue of whether a waiver is required and simply
grant a summary waiver. In support of this argument, AT&T cites a
prior Order of this Court. United States v. Western Elec. Co.,<PAGE>

<PAGE> 11

interpretation of the decree must give way to its primary purpose

- -- the prevention of the Regional Companies' bottleneck exchange 

monopolies integrating with long distance and manufacturing 

capabilities. AT&T insists that the purchase of the "A Block" 

interests do not recreate these combinations because the Regional

Companies with which AT&T will become a partner have no monopoly

exchange power in the areas in which the cellular properties are

- ---------------------
C.A. No. 82-0192 (D.D.C. Nov. 6, 1987). However, the Court's
decision in that instance provides little support for AT&T's
request. 

That Order dealt with an interpretive issue stemming from
potential bidding on FTS 2000, a telecommunications network
dedicated to federal government employees. The specific issue was
whether "tandem switching" represented prohibited interexchange
traffic routing. For a number of reasons the Court determined it
appropriate not to address that question. Chief among these was
the extremely close interpretive question presented, the absence
of a textual answer in the decree itself, the urgency for a
decision, and the lack of a complete factual record before the
Court. In contrast, in the instant motion, the plain language of
the decree has provided the Court with an unambiguous answer to
the interpretive question. 

In the FTS 2000 Memorandum, the Court instead issued a
summary waiver of any potential decree violation that allowed the
Regional Companies to provide tandem switching services for the
limited purpose of permitting Martin Marietta to bid on and
participate in the operation of the FTS 2000 system. The Court's
stated purpose in granting the waiver was to allow a second
bidder, in addition to AT&T, to bid on the FTS 2000 system. The
Court noted that absent the waiver, only AT&T would have been
capable of delivering the requirements of the FTS network and
that any other ruling would have had the effect of eliminating
all but one vendor from the bidding process. Finding that such a
result would clearly have been contrary to public policy and the
policies embodied in the decree, the Court issued the summary
waiver. However, the Court "strictly limited" the FTS 2000 Order
to the particular factual setting presented by that motion. 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 12

located, i.e., the Regional Companies' interests are 

extraregional. 

In this regard, AT&T contends that as long as the requested 

waiver is not in derogation of the primary objective of the 

decree, but affects only "minor details," then it should be 

summarily granted as long as the requesting party provides a 

"reasonable basis" for the request. In support, AT&T cites Rufo 

v. Inmates of Suffolk County Jail, 112 S. Ct. 748, 758 n.6, 760 

n.7 (1992).

The Court disagrees with AT&T's attempt to apply its 

expansive reading of Rufo to the circumstances of this case. 

Even assuming AT&T were correct in arguing that Section I(D), as

applied here, does not go to the "basic purpose" of the decree, 

that does not render Section I(D) a "minor detail" which should 

be summarily waived.(14) It is cannot be reasonably disputed that

Section I(D) embodies one of the primary purposes of the decree.

See also, Part VI infra. Application of the Rufo "reasonable 

basis" test does not depend on whether the waiver request is 

insignificant or minor, but instead depends on whether the decree

- -------------------- 
(14) The Supreme Court in Rufo cited "paint color" or
"design of a building's facade" as examples of the type of "minor
detail" that would be considered "extraneous" and might justify a
waiver on the mere showing of a reasonable basis for the request.
Id. at 760 n.7. It is patently obvious, at least to this Court,
that this standard is to be applied to only truly minor details
of a decree. In fact, it might be more appropriate to say that it
should be applied only to "minute" details in light of the
Supreme Court's obvious purpose in providing this exception -- to
remedy "overly detailed decree[s]." Id. <PAGE>

<PAGE> 13

provision to be waived is insignificant or minor. Therefore, 

that standard cannot govern the Court's determination in this 

case. 

Throughout its many filings on the instant motions, but 

particularly relevant to its attempt to provide a "reasonable 

basis" for a waiver, AT&T relies heavily upon its argument that 

if it had first acquired McCaw and its interests in "A Block" 

licenses, and a Regional company had subsequently acquired a 

controlling interest in those "A Block" licenses from an AT&T- 

McCaw partner, the decree would not be implicated because it 

would be the Regional Company making the acquisition, not AT&T. 

In other words, AT&T argues that it was merely fortuitous that 

its acquisition followed the Regional Companies' purchase of 

interests in the "A Block" licenses and thus fell within the 

prohibition against certain acquisitions by AT&T. Under such 

circumstances, AT&T argues that application of the decree is 

arbitrary and demonstrates that Section I(D) should not apply to 

the facts in this case.(15)

It is the obligation of this Court to enforce the decree as 

it is written. The Supreme Court has held that the mere fact that

a decree prohibits an acquisition of A by B, but not an 

acquisition of B by A, even though either acquisition would have

- ---------------- 
(15) It has been argued by the Department and certain
Regional Companies that even this sequence of events might
violate the decree. As noted below, however, the Court need not
address those assertions. 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 14

virtually identical results and would implicate the same anti- 

competitive evils at the heart of the decree, does not alter the

requirement that the decree be enforced as it was written. See 

United States v. Armour & Co., supra, 402 U.S. at 681. Absent an

appropriate showing that modification is warranted, discussed 

below, the decree must be applied as it was written -- even where

hindsight might indicate that different language might have been

preferable to address fully the purposes of the parties to the 

decree. Id.(16) The request for a summary waiver must therefore 

be denied. 

V

This brings the Court to the ultimate issue -- whether AT&T 

has satisfied the appropriate common law standard for decree 

modification such that the Court should grant a waiver. However,

upon reaching this point, the court finds that the record before

it is insufficient to support the requested waiver. Because the 

- --------------------
(16) "Consent decrees are entered into by parties to a case
after careful negotiation has produced agreement on their precise
terms. The parties waive their right to litigate the issues
involved in the case and thus save themselves the time, expense,
and inevitable risk of litigation. . . . Thus the decree itself
cannot be said to have a purpose; rather the parties have
purposes, generally opposed to each other, and the resultant
decree embodies as much of those opposing purposes as the
respective parties have the bargaining power and skill to
achieve. For these reasons, the scope of a consent decree must be
discerned within its four corners, and not by reference to what
might satisfy the purposes of one of the parties to it. . . .
[T]he instrument must be construed as it is written, and not as
it might have been written . . . ." Id. at 681-82 (emphasis in
original). 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 15

briefing has been largely devoted to the issues discussed above,

AT&T appears to have made no serious attempt to meet the common 

law standard for decree modification.(17) For this reason, if for

no other, AT&T's request will have to be denied. 

The Court reaches this conclusion even applying the 

relatively relaxed and flexible decree modification standard 

established by the Supreme Court in Rufo v. Inmates of Suffolk 

County Jail, 112 S. Ct. 748 (1992). Compare note 19, infra. 

Under that standard, a party seeking an opposed modification of a

consent decree "bears the burden of establishing that a 

significant change in circumstances warrants revision of the 

decree." Id. at 760. Such a change may be either a "significant 

change in factual conditions or in law." Id. Modification may 

also be appropriate when "enforcement of the decree without 

modification would be detrimental to the public interest." 

Id.(18) 

- ------------------
(17) Only in its most recent Reply has AT&T begun to address
in any detail the factors that must ultimately be considered in
determining whether a waiver is justified. This comes almost as
an afterthought. Moreover, the other parties, almost all of whom
have opposed the AT&T waiver request, including the Department,
have had no meaningful opportunity to present their views in
response to the somewhat expanded arguments set forth by AT&T in
its Reply. 

(18) It must also be noted that "modifications should not be
granted where a party relies upon events that actually were
anticipated at the time it entered into a decree. If it is clear
that a party anticipated changing conditions that would make
performance of the decree more onerous but nevertheless agreed to
the decree, that party would have to satisfy a heavy burden to
convince a court that it agreed to the decree in good faith, made
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 16 

It is not without considerable hesitation that the Court 

concludes that application of Rufo to the decree in this case is 

appropriate. Until now, this Court has assumed that modification

of the decree, except where a different standard was specifically

set forth in the decree, would require satisfaction of the 

standard set forth by the Supreme court in United States v. Swift

& Co., 286 U.S. 106, 119 (1932). There, in a context strikingly 

similar to that in this case -- an attempt to modify a decade-old

antitrust decree -- Justice Cardozo stated that "nothing less 

than a clear showing of grievous wrong evoked by new and 

unforeseen conditions should lead us to change what was decreed 

after years of litigation with the consent of all concerned." Id.

This Court has not stood alone in its adherence to this standard.

Indeed, the Court of Appeals' most recent excursion into the 

decree did, in a way, express a continuing reliance upon the 

Swift standard. See United States v. Western Elec. Co., supra, 

969 F.2d at 1235 n.7 (but referring to Rufo and noting that it 

suggests a more lenient standard).(19)

In view of the lack of a definitive ruling by our Court of 

Appeals on whether the appropriate standard is that set forth in 

- ------------------- 
a reasonable effort to comply with the decree, and should be
relieved of the undertaking under Rule 60(b)." Id. at 760-61
(citations omitted). 

(19) Of course, if the court is in error in applying Rufo in
this instance, the error would have no impact on its decision.
Were the Court to apply the "grievous wrong" standard of Swift,
it would certainly have to deny the AT&T request. 
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 17

Swift or in Rufo, the Court has examined the law in other 

Circuits. This review reveals an apparent split of authority on 

this issue. Following Rufo, it has been argued, not without 

considerable force, that the relaxed standard set forth by the 

Supreme Court in that case was intended only to apply to 

institutional reform litigation such as that at issue in Rufo, 

but not to the modification of decrees in general. This argument 

finds substantial support in the text of the Rufo opinion, which 

repeatedly reminds its reader that the requested modification is 

of an institutional reform consent decree. See id. at 759-60.(20)

Seizing upon this distinction, at least one Court of Appeals has 

rejected the Rufo standard as inapplicable to a consent decree 

settling a dispute between two commercial litigants and has 

retained the Swift standard under such circumstances. See W.L. 

Gore & Assoc's. Inc. v. C.R. Bard. Inc., 977 F.2d 558, 562 (Fed. 

Cir. 1992). 

The Rufo opinion, however, provides ample fodder for those 

inclined to read its holding more broadly. It must be remembered 

that the application for modification in Rufo was made pursuant 

to Rule 60(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Because 

the Court held that a judicial decree is subject to the rules 

- ---------------------
(20) In fact, at one point the Supreme Court actually
appears to limit application of the more lenient modification
standard: "The standard we set forth applies when a party seeks
modification of a term of a consent decree that arguably relates
to the vindication of a constitutional right." Id. at 760 n.7. 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 18

generally applicable to other judgments and decrees, the Court's 
opinion may be read to apply in any case in which "it is no 

longer equitable that the judgment should have prospective 

application." Fed. R. Civ. P. 60(b)(5). The Court, without 

overruling Swift, took great pains to distinguish it and to point

to the Court's later opinions in which it had endorsed a more 

flexible approach. See e.g., Board of Education v. Dowell, 111 S.

Ct. 630, 636-37 (1991); Railway Employees v. Wriqht, 364 U.S. 

642, 650-51 (1961). Swift, the court held, was never intended to 

take on a "talismanic quality." Rufo, supra, 112 S. Ct. at 

758.(21) 

At least two Circuits have now taken the position that 

application of the more flexible Rufo standard is not limited to 

decrees involving institutional reforms. In Matter of Hendrix, 

986 F.2d 195, 198 (7th Cir. 1993), Judge Richard A. Posner 

indicated that the "flexible standard" adopted in Rufo is equally

suitable to equitable cases which do not concern institutional 

reform, such as the bankruptcy discharge at issue in that case. 

Stressing that Rufo was intended to assimilate the standard of 

Fed. R. Civ. P. 60(b)(5), Judge Posner wrote that "a court can

- -------------------
(21) The Rufo Court makes numerous references to "consent
decrees" without adding qualifications limiting its applicability
to institutional reform decrees. See id. at 760 ("a party
seeking modification of a consent decree bears the burden of
establishing that a significant change in circumstances warrants
revision of the decree"; "Modification of a consent decree may be
warranted when changed factual conditions make compliance with
the decree substantially more onerous."). 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 19

modify an injunction that it has entered whenever the principles 
of equity require it to do so." Id. 

In an even more recent decision, Patterson v. Newspaper & 

Mail Deliverers' Union of New York, 13 F.3d 33, 37-38 (2d Cir. 

1993), Judge Jon O. Newman agreed that Rufo should not be limited

to those cases in which institutional reform is mandated by a 

decree against a governmental entity. In a passage particularly 

relevant to the instant motions, Judge Newman wrote that even 

when a decree is not directed against a governmental entity: 

The "institution" sought to be reformed need not be an
instrumentality of government. If a decree seeks pervasive
change in long-established practices affecting a large
number of people, and the changes are sought to vindicate
significant rights of a public nature, it is appropriate to
apply a flexible standard in determining when modification
or termination should be ordered in light of either changed
circumstances or substantial attainment of the decree's
objective. 

Id. at 38.

On this basis, the Court concludes with some reluctance 

that, notwithstanding the factual similarities between the decree

in this case and that in Swift, requests for modifications of the

decree governed by a common law standard should be considered in 

light of the standard set forth in Rufo. The Court hastens to 

add that this conclusion should not be viewed as opening a 

modification or waiver floodgate.(22) Even applying the equitable

- ------------------
(22) In this regard, to the extent that BellSouth implies
that the Court should entertain requests to lift the line of
business restrictions without meeting the specific standard set
forth in section VIII(C) of the decree, that argument is 
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 20

discretion to modify the decree provided by Rufo, the Court will 

remain wary of attempts to alter the agreement reached by the 

parties, and it will therefore apply its discretion cautiously 

and sparingly. 

VI

As set forth above, the Court's decision to deny AT&T's 

waiver or modification request is based on the failure of AT&T to

meet the standard set forth in Rufo. Among the factors 

considered in Rufo is also the public interest.(23) On this 

record, the Court is unable to find that AT&T's request would be 

in the public interest. 

Over ten years after the effective date of the decree, there

can no longer be any serious question that the decree, and the 

competition in telecommunications it ushered in, have been 

singularly effective. The parties to the lawsuit drafted the 

decree, and many, including the Department of Justice and the 

Court, expected that the public would benefit from the 

competitive environment created in the wake of the destruction of

- --------------------
rejected. See United States v. Western Elec. Co., 900 F.2d 283,
293 (D.C. Cir. 1990) ("the district court enjoys no equitable
discretion at all in applying section VIII(C)"). 

(23) As indicated supra, the Supreme Court expressly
referred in Rufo to a public interest test, noting that
modification of a consent decree may be appropriate when its
enforcement without modification would be detrimental to the
public interest. It is appropriate, therefore, to briefly explore
the issue of where the public interest lies and the degree to
which the decree as drafted has served that interest. 
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 21

the Bell System monopoly. Yet actual experience has greatly 

surpassed these expectations: the AT&T divestiture has 

benefitted the American consumer, the American telecommunications

industry, and the American economy as a whole. 

For example, the divestiture and the resulting 

competition(24) have brought about a sharp decline -- by more 

than one-half -- in long distance rates.(25) The direct impact on

virtually every business and residential telephone user is as 

obvious as the long distance phone bill. Divestiture and 

competition have also spawned numerous technical advances in the 

telecommunications field(26) and have led to widespread 

acceptance of numerous services directly useful to 

subscribers.(27) 

Moreover, the combination of these advances, spearheaded by 

the lower long distance rates, has made economically feasible 

- --------------------
(24) E.g., the emergence on a substantial scale of MCI,
Sprint, and other long distance carriers, as well as of many
smaller carriers and manufacturers. 

(25) Local rates, which are still controlled by the monopoly
Regional Companies, have not similarly declined. Indeed, they
have increased. However, the increase has been modest, that is,
somewhat less than the rate of inflation. 

(26) These range from fiber optics which now carry the bulk
of long distance communications at lower cost and higher quality,
to digital switching, computerized network management systems,
common channel signalling, video conferencing, new 800 services,
virtual data network services, and a host of other innovative
technologies. 

(27) Such services include call forwarding, call waiting,
caller identification, repeat dial, priority calling, and the
like. 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 22

such developments as nation-wide networks of automatic teller 

machines, fax machines, computer modems, brokerage services, and 

commercial computer information services, among others. 

Notwithstanding the successes that have been achieved under 

the umbrella of the decree, there are those -- usually the 

Regional Companies but this time AT&T itself -- who challenge the

continued necessity for enforcement of several of the decree's 

central provisions. Section I(D) is such a provision. The 

section I(D) prohibition on the acquisition by AT&T of the stock 

or assets of the Regional Companies was designed to prevent the 

re-emergence of the telecommunications monopoly that was broken 

up in 1982. Although the precise competitive impact on the 

telecommunications industry of a partial or complete re-creation 

of the Bell System obviously cannot be forecast with precision, 

there is a real danger that at least some of the strides that 

have been made in the last decade would be nullified or diluted.

The philosophical merit of issues beyond the decree such as 

monopoly vs. competition, the public benefit of restrictions on 

powerful corporate entities vs. the pooling of large capital 

resources, and the impact of the evolving global 

telecommunications market are legitimate subjects of debate. 

However, the Court has no place in the general policy aspects of 

that debate which is most appropriately addressed by the 

political branches of our government (and indeed both the 

Congress and the Executive Branch are wrestling with these issues
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 23 

now). As far as the Court is concerned, it has in the past and 

will continue in the future to perform its duty -- to enforce the

decree as it is written until such time as a party is able to 

demonstrate its entitlement to a modification or waiver pursuant 

to the proper legal standard, or until congress acts to relieve 

this Court of its jurisdiction over the decree. As of this date, 

neither has occurred. 

The request for a waiver or modification in connection with 

the merger of AT&T with McCaw is denied.(28)

April 5, 1994 HAROLD H. GREENE 
United States District Judge 

- -----------------------
(28) However, this ruling does not absolutely foreclose the
waiver or modification that AT&T requests. The Court holds only
that AT&T must satisfy the legal standard for a decree
modification -- a standard it has thus far failed to meet. 
<PAGE>

<PAGE> 

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, )
)
Plaintiff, )
) Civic Action No. 82-0192
v. ) (HHG)
)
WESTERN ELECTRIC COMPANY, )
INC., et al., )

Defendants.

ORDER

Upon consideration of the submissions of the parties and the

entire record in this case, and for the reasons stated in the 

Opinion accompanying this Order, it is this 5th day of April, 

1994

ORDERED that BellSouth's motion for a declaratory ruling 

that AT&T's proposed acquisition of McCaw would violate Section 

I(D) of the decree be and it hereby is GRANTED IN PART and DENIED

IN PART; and it is further

ORDERED AND DECLARED that AT&T's acquisition of McCaw's 

interests in cellular properties controlled by a BOC would 

violate Section I(D) of the decree, and it is further

ORDERED that AT&T's motion for an expedited ruling that 

Section I(D) is inapplicable to the AT&T-McCaw Merger or for an 

expedited waiver be and it hereby is DENIED WITHOUT PREJUDICE; 

and it is further
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

ORDERED that BellSouth's motion to Strike AT&T's motion for an 

expedited ruling be and it hereby is DENIED; and it is further

ORDERED that BellSouth's conditional motion for a waiver of 

the interexchange restriction in connection with wireless 

services be and it hereby is DENIED.

HAROLD H. GREENE
United States District Judge
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>