<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950148-94-000379.txt : 19940825
<IMS-HEADER>0000950148-94-000379.hdr.sgml : 19940825
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950148-94-000379
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940817
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940824

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LITTON INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000059880
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3812
		IRS NUMBER:				951775499
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	002-27628
		FILM NUMBER:		94545707

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 N CRESCENT DR
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3108595000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K DATED AUGUST 17, 1994
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D. C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 17, 1994

LITTON INDUSTRIES, INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

<TABLE>
<S> <C> <C> 
Delaware 1-3998 95-1775499
(State or other (Commission (IRS Employer
jurisdiction of File Number) Identification No.)
incorporation)

360 North Crescent Drive, Beverly Hills, California 90210 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
</TABLE>

Registrant's telephone number, include area code: (310) 859-5000

Page 1

Exhibit Index appears on Page
<PAGE> 2
Item 5. Other Events.

SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

On August 17, 1994, the Board of Directors of Litton Industries, Inc.
(the "Company") declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a
"Right") for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $1 per share
(the "Common Shares"), of the Company. The dividend is payable on August 31,
1994 (the "Record Date") to the stockholders of record on that date. Each
Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one
one-thousandth of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, par
value $5 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), of the Company at a price of $150
per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (the "Purchase Price"), subject to
adjustment. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights
Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") between the Company and The Bank of New
York, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").

Until the earlier to occur of (i) 10 days following a public
announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an
"Acquiring Person") has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares or (ii) 10 business days (or such later date as may
be determined by action of the Board of Directors prior to such time as any
person or group of affiliated persons becomes an Acquiring Person) following
the commencement of, or announcement of an intention to make, a tender offer or
exchange offer the consummation of which would result in the beneficial
ownership by a person or group of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares
(the earlier of such dates being called the "Distribution Date"), the Rights
will be evidenced, with respect to any of the Common Share certificates
outstanding as of the Record Date, by such Common Share certificate with a copy
of this Summary of Rights attached thereto. Unitrin, Inc. and its subsidiaries
currently own 27.6% of the outstanding Common Shares. The Rights Agreement does
not restrict the Unitrin companies so long as they do not purchase additional
Common Shares or their Common Shares are not transferred to a third party or
group which would thereby beneficially own 15% or more of the outstanding
Common Shares.

The Rights Agreement provides that, until the Distribution Date (or
earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), the Rights will be transferred
with and only with the Common Shares. Until the Distribution Date (or earlier
redemption or expiration of the Rights), new Common Share certificates issued
after the Record Date upon transfer or new issuance of Common Shares will
contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference. Until the
Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), the
surrender for transfer of any certificates for Common Shares outstanding as of
the Record Date, even without such notation or a copy of this Summary of Rights
being attached thereto, will also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with the Common Shares represented by such certificate. As soon as
practicable following the Distribution Date, separate certificates evidencing
the Rights ("Right Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of the
Common Shares as of the close of 

Page 2
<PAGE> 3
business on the Distribution Date and such separate Right Certificates alone 
will evidence the Rights.

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date. The
Rights will expire on August 31, 2004 (the "Final Expiration Date"), unless the
Final Expiration Date is extended or unless the Rights are earlier redeemed or
exchanged by the Company, in each case, as described below.

The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Preferred Shares or
other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject
to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock
dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the
Preferred Shares, (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Preferred Shares of
certain rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Preferred Shares at a
price, or securities convertible into Preferred Shares with a conversion price,
less than the then-current market price of the Preferred Shares or (iii) upon
the distribution to holders of the Preferred Shares of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends paid out of
earnings or retained earnings or dividends payable in Preferred Shares) or of
subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

The number of outstanding Rights and the number of one one-thousandths
of a Preferred Share issuable upon exercise of each Right are also subject to
adjustment in the event of a stock split of the Common Shares or a stock
dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or subdivisions,
consolidations or combinations of the Common Shares occurring, in any such
case, prior to the Distribution Date.

Preferred Shares purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will not be
redeemable prior to August 31, 2025. Each Preferred Share will be entitled to
a minimum preferential quarterly dividend payment of $10 per share but will be
entitled to an aggregate dividend of 1000 times the dividend declared per
Common Share. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the Preferred Shares
will be entitled to a minimum preferential liquidation payment of $1000 per
share but will be entitled to an aggregate payment of 1000 times the payment
made per Common Share. Each Preferred Share will have one vote and, except for
certain limited circumstances, will vote together with the Common Shares. 
Finally, in the event of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in
which Common Shares are exchanged, each Preferred Share will be entitled to
receive 1000 times the amount received per Common Share. These rights are
protected by customary antidilution provisions.

Because of the nature of the Preferred Shares' dividend and
liquidation rights, the value of the one one-thousandth interest in a Preferred
Share purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate the value of
one Common Share.

In the event that the Company is acquired in a merger or other
business combination transaction or 50% or more of its consolidated assets or
earning power are sold after a person or group has become an Acquiring Person,
proper provision will be

Page 3
<PAGE> 4
made so that each holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive,
upon the exercise thereof at the then current exercise price of the Right, that
number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company which at the time of
such transaction will have a market value of two times the exercise price of
the Right. In the event that any person or group of affiliated or associated
persons becomes an Acquiring Person, proper provision shall be made so that
each holder of a Right, other than Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring
Person (which will thereafter be void), will thereafter have the right to
receive upon exercise that number of Common Shares having a market value of two
times the exercise price of the Right.

At any time after any person or group becomes an Acquiring Person and
prior to the acquisition by such person or group of 50% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares, the Board of Directors of the Company may exchange
the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or group which will have
become void), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one Common Share, or
one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (or of a share of a class or series of
the Company's preferred stock having equivalent rights, preferences and
privileges), per Right (subject to adjustment).

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be
required until cumulative adjustments require an adjustment of at least 1% in
such Purchase Price. No fractional Preferred Shares will be issued (other than
fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a Preferred
Share, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary
receipts) and in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made based on the
market price of the Preferred Shares on the last trading day prior to the date
of exercise.

At any time prior to the time a person or group of affiliated or
associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person, the Board of Directors of the
Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $.01 per
Right (the "Redemption Price"). The redemption of the Rights may be made
effective at such time on such basis with such conditions as the Board of
Directors in its sole discretion may establish. Immediately upon any
redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and
the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption
Price.

The terms of the Rights may be amended by the Board of Directors of
the Company without the consent of the holders of the Rights, including an
amendment to lower certain thresholds described above to not less than the
greater of (i) the sum of .001% and the largest percentage of the outstanding
Common Shares then known to the Company to be beneficially owned by any person
or group of affiliated or associated persons (other than Unitrin, Inc. and its
subsidiaries) and (ii) 10%, except that from and after such time as any person
or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person no
such amendment may adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Rights.

Page 4
<PAGE> 5
Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no
rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the
right to vote or to receive dividends.

The summary description of the Rights does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Agreement, which is
hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference
is a copy of the Rights Agreement and the exhibits thereto, as follows:
Exhibit A -- Form of Certificate of Designations; Exhibit B -- Form of Right
Certificate; and Exhibit C -- Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Shares.
The foregoing description of the Rights is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Rights Agreement and such exhibits thereto.

Item 7. Exhibits.

99.1 Text of Press Release issued by the Registrant on August 17,
1994.

99.2 Rights Agreement, dated as of August 17, 1994, between Litton
Industries, Inc. and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent,
which includes: as Exhibit A thereto, the Form of Certificate
of Designations of Series A Participating Preferred Stock
of Litton Industries, Inc.; as Exhibit B thereto, the Form of
Right Certificate; and as Exhibit C thereto, the Summary of
Rights to Purchase Preferred Shares.

Page 5
<PAGE> 6
SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

LITTON INDUSTRIES, INC.

By: /s/ John E. Preston
---------------------
John E. Preston
Senior Vice President

August 23, 1994

Page 6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED AUGUST 17, 1994
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

EXHIBIT 99.1

[LITTON LETTERHEAD]

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

LITTON INSTITUTES PREFERRED
SHARE RIGHTS PLAN

BEVERLY HILLS, CA, Aug. 17 -- The Board of Directors of Litton
Industries today declared a distribution of one preferred share purchase right
on each outstanding share of Litton common stock pursuant to a share rights
program. The dividend distribution will be made on August 31, 1994, payable to
stockholders of record on that date. The rights will expire on August 31,
2004. The rights distribution is not taxable to shareholders.

Alton J. Brann, chairman of the Board of Directors of Litton, stated,
"The rights are designed to ensure that the board can continue to focus upon
maximizing the long-term value of our stockholders' investment in the company.
We firmly believe our actions, including the recent Western Atlas spin off,
consistently have demonstrated our commitment to long-term shareholder value."

John M. Leonis, Litton's president and chief executive officer

-more-
<PAGE> 2
-2-

added, "Litton's management believes strongly in its responsibility to build
value for all shareholders. We intend to pursue, therefore, a strategy based
on anti-dilutive acquisitions to maintain and grow our leading market
positions, selected dispositions of non-core businesses, and timely share
repurchase programs. It is management's belief that this strategy will result
in continued value appreciation."

The rights will be exercisable only if another party acquires 15 percent
or more of Litton's common stock or announces a tender offer that would result
in ownership of 15 percent or more of the common stock. Each right will
entitle a shareholder to buy one one-thousandth of a share of a new series of
junior participating preferred stock at an exercise price of $150. If a merger
or other business combination transaction is effected after another party has
acquired 15 percent or more of the company's outstanding common stock, each
right will entitle its holder to purchase, at the right's exercise price, a
number of the resulting company's common shares having a market value of twice
that price. Upon the acquisition of 15 percent or more of Litton's outstanding
common stock, each right will entitle its holder (other than the acquirer) to
purchase, at the right's exercise price, a number of Litton's common shares
having a market value of twice that price. The Board can also exchange each
outstanding right (other than those owned by the 15 percent acquirer) for one
share of Litton common stock. Prior to a 15 percent acquisition, the rights
are redeemable for one cent per

-more-

<PAGE> 3
-3-

right at the option of the Board of Directors.

Unitrin, Inc. and its subsidiaries current ownership in Litton stock is
unaffected by the provisions of this plan so long as they maintain their
current Litton holdings.

Litton is a leader in worldwide technology markets for advanced
electronic and defense systems, and a major designer and builder of surface
combat ships for the U.S. Navy and allied nations.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED AUGUST 17, 1994
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1
EXHIBIT 99.2

LITTON INDUSTRIES, INC.

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK

Rights Agent

Rights Agreement

Dated as of August 17, 1994

<PAGE> 2

TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Page
----
<S> <C>
Section 1. Certain Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7

Section 3. Issue of Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8

Section 4. Form of Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and
Exchange of Right Certificates;
Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or
Stolen Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price;
Expiration Date of Rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of
Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

Section 9. Availability of Preferred Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

Section 10. Preferred Shares Record Date . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of
Shares or Number of Rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price
or Number of Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer
of Assets or Earning Power . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37

Section 15. Rights of Action . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40

Section 16. Agreement of Right Holders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41

Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a
Stockholder . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42

Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of
Name of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
</TABLE>

-i-
<PAGE> 3

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S> <C>
Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49

Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51

Section 23. Redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51

Section 24. Exchange . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52

Section 25. Notice of Certain Events . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55

Section 26. Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57

Section 27. Supplements and Amendments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58

Section 28. Successors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59

Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59

Section 30. Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59

Section 31. Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60

Section 32. Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60

Section 33. Descriptive Headings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60

Signatures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61

Exhibit A - Form of Certificate of Designations

Exhibit B - Form of Right Certificate

Exhibit C - Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
Shares
</TABLE>

-ii-
<PAGE> 4

Agreement, dated as of August 17, 1994, between Litton
Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and The Bank of New
York (the "Rights Agent").

The Board of Directors of the Company has authorized and
declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a "Right") for each
Common Share (as hereinafter defined) of the Company outstanding on August 31,
1994 (the "Record Date"), each Right representing the right to purchase one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (as hereinafter defined), upon the terms
and subject to the conditions herein set forth, and has further authorized and
directed the issuance of one Right with respect to each Common Share that shall
become outstanding between the Record Date and the earliest of the Distribution
Date, the Redemption Date and the Final Expiration Date (as such terms are
hereinafter defined).

Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Section 1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:

(a) "Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person (as such term is
hereinafter defined) who or which, together with all Affiliates and Associates
(as such terms are hereinafter defined) of such Person, shall be the Beneficial
Owner (as such term is hereinafter defined) of 15% or more of the Common Shares
of the Company then outstanding, but shall not include (i) the Company; (ii)
any Subsidiary (as such term is hereinafter defined) of the Company; (iii) any
employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any
entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan; or
(iv) Unitrin, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Unitrin"), and its subsidiaries as
long as such entities in the aggregate beneficially own less than 12,658,000
Common Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person shall become an
"Acquiring

<PAGE> 5

Person" as the result of an acquisition of Common Shares by the Company which,
by reducing the number of shares outstanding, increases the proportionate
number of shares beneficially owned by such Person to 15% or more of the Common
Shares of the Company then outstanding; provided, however, that if a Person
shall become the Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of the Common Shares of the
Company then outstanding by reason of share purchases by the Company and shall,
after such share purchases by the Company, become the Beneficial Owner of any
additional Common Shares of the Company, then such Person shall be deemed to be
an "Acquiring Person". Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in good faith that a Person who would
otherwise be an "Acquiring Person", as defined pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of this paragraph (a), has become such inadvertently, and such
Person divests as promptly as practicable a sufficient number of Common Shares
so that such Person would no longer be an "Acquiring Person," as defined
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (a), then such Person
shall not be deemed to be an "Acquiring Person" for any purposes of this
Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person (and no Affiliate or
Associate of any Person) shall be deemed to be the "Beneficial Owner" of or to
"beneficially own" particular securities if such Person is the Beneficial Owner
of or "beneficially owns" such securities solely as a result of its status as
an Affiliate or Associate of Unitrin and if such Person would not otherwise be
the Beneficial Owner of or "beneficially own" such securities.

(b) "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective
meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), as in effect on the date of this Agreement.

-2-
<PAGE> 6

(c) A Person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of and
shall be deemed to "beneficially own" any securities:

(i) which such Person or any of such Person's
Affiliates or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly;

(ii) which such Person or any of such Person's
Affiliates or Associates has (A) the right to acquire (whether such
right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time)
pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than
customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group
members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities), or
upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights (other
than these Rights), warrants or options, or otherwise;provided,
however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or
to beneficially own, securities tendered pursuant to a tender or
exchange offer made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such
Person's Affiliates or Associates until such tendered securities are
accepted for purchase or exchange; or (B) the right to vote pursuant
to any agreement, arrangement or understanding;provided, however, that
a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to
beneficially own, any security if the agreement, arrangement or
understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable
proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or
consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the
applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act
and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange
Act (or any comparable or successor report); or

-3-
<PAGE> 7

(iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or
indirectly, by any other Person with which such Person or any of such
Person's Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or
understanding (other than customary agreements with and between
underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide
public offering of securities) for the purpose of acquiring, holding,
voting (except to the extent contemplated by the proviso to Section
1(c)(ii)(B)) or disposing of any securities of the Company.

Notwithstanding anything in this definition of Beneficial
Ownership to the contrary, the phrase "then outstanding," when used with
reference to a Person's Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Company,
shall mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together
with the number of such securities not then actually issued and outstanding
which such Person would be deemed to own beneficially hereunder.

(d) "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday,
a Sunday, or a day on which banking institutions in State of New York are
authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

(e) "Close of business" on any given date shall mean 5:00
P.M., New York City time, on such date; provided, however, that if such date is
not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the next
succeeding Business Day.

(f) "Common Shares" when used with reference to the Company
shall mean the shares of common stock, par value $1 per share, of the Company.
"Common Shares" when used with reference to any Person other than the Company
shall mean the capital stock (or equity interest) with

-4-
<PAGE> 8

the greatest voting power of such other Person or, if such other Person is a
Subsidiary of another Person, the Person or Persons which ultimately control
such first-mentioned Person.

(g) "Distribution Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3 hereof.

(h) "Final Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7 hereof.

(i) "Person" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation or
other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such
entity.

(j) "Preferred Shares" shall mean shares of Series A 
Participating Preferred Stock, par value $5 per share, of the Company having
the rights and preferences set forth in the Form of Certificate of Designations
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A.

(k) "Redemption Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7 hereof.

(l) "Shares Acquisition Date" shall mean the first date of
public announcement by the Company or an Acquiring Person that an Acquiring
Person has become such.

(m) "Subsidiary" of any Person shall mean any corporation or
other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity
securities or equity interest is owned, at the time of determination, directly
or indirectly, by such Person.

-5-
<PAGE> 9

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby
appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company and the holders of
the Rights (who, in accordance with Section 3 hereof, shall prior to the
Distribution Date also be the holders of the Common Shares) in accordance with
the terms and conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such
appointment. The Company may from time to time appoint such co-Rights Agents
as it may deem necessary or desirable.

Section 3. Issue of Right Certificates. (a) Until the
earlier of (i) the tenth day after the Shares Acquisition Date or (ii) the
tenth business day (or such later date as may be determined by action of the
Board of Directors prior to such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring
Person) after the date of the commencement by any Person (other than the
Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the
Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company or any entity holding Common Shares
for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan) of, or of the first public
announcement of the intention of any Person (other than the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or of any
Subsidiary of the Company or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant
to the terms of any such plan) to commence, a tender or exchange offer the
consummation of which would result in any Person becoming the Beneficial Owner
of Common Shares aggregating 15% or more of the then outstanding Common Shares
(including any such date which is after the date of this Agreement and prior to
the issuance of the Rights; the earlier of such dates being herein referred to
as the "Distribution Date"), (x) the Rights will be evidenced (subject to the
provisions of Section 3(b) hereof) by the certificates for Common Shares
registered in the names of the holders thereof (which certificates shall also
be deemed to be Right Certificates) and not by separate Right Certificates, and
(y) the right to receive Right Certificates will be

-6-
<PAGE> 10

transferable only in connection with the transfer of Common Shares. As soon as
practicable after the Distribution Date, the Company will prepare and execute,
the Rights Agent will countersign, and the Company will send or cause to be
sent (and the Rights Agent will, if requested, send) by first-class, insured,
postage-prepaid mail, to each record holder of Common Shares as of the close of
business on the Distribution Date, at the address of such holder shown on the
records of the Company, a Right Certificate, in substantially the form of
Exhibit B hereto (a "Right Certificate"), evidencing one Right for each Common
Share so held. As of the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced
solely by such Right Certificates.

(b) On the Record Date, or as soon as practicable thereafter,
the Company will send a copy of a Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
Shares, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (the "Summary of
Rights"), by first-class, postage-prepaid mail, to each record holder of Common
Shares as of the close of business on the Record Date, at the address of such
holder shown on the records of the Company. With respect to certificates for
Common Shares outstanding as of the Record Date, until the Distribution Date,
the Rights will be evidenced by such certificates registered in the names of
the holders thereof together with a copy of the Summary of Rights attached
thereto. Until the Distribution Date (or the earlier of the Redemption Date or
the Final Expiration Date), the surrender for transfer of any certificate for
Common Shares outstanding on the Record Date, with or without a copy of the
Summary of Rights attached thereto, shall also constitute the transfer of the
Rights associated with the Common Shares represented thereby.

(c) Certificates for Common Shares which become outstanding
(including, without limitation, reacquired Common Shares referred to in

-7-
<PAGE> 11

the last sentence of this paragraph (c)) after the Record Date but prior to the
earliest of the Distribution Date, the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration
Date shall have impressed on, printed on, written on or otherwise affixed to
them the following legend:

This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to
certain rights as set forth in a Rights Agreement between Litton
Industries, Inc. and The Bank of New York, dated as of August 17, 1994
(the "Rights Agreement"), the terms of which are hereby incorporated
herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the principal
executive offices of Litton Industries, Inc. Under certain
circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will
be evidenced by separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced
by this certificate. Litton Industries, Inc. will mail to the holder
of this certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement without charge
after receipt of a written request therefor. Under certain
circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, Rights issued to
any Person who becomes an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights
Agreement) may become null and void.

With respect to such certificates containing the foregoing legend, until the
Distribution Date, the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented by
such certificates shall be evidenced by such certificates alone, and the
surrender for transfer of any such certificate shall also constitute the
transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented thereby.
In the event that the Company purchases or acquires any Common Shares after the
Record Date but prior to the Distribution Date, any Rights associated with such
Common Shares shall be deemed cancelled and retired so that the Company shall
not be entitled to exercise any Rights associated with the Common Shares which
are no longer outstanding.

Section 4. Form of Right Certificates. The Right
Certificates (and the forms of election to purchase Preferred Shares and of
assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof) shall be substantially

-8-
<PAGE> 12

the same as Exhibit B hereto and may have such marks of identification or
designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements printed thereon as the
Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of
this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or with
any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of
any stock exchange on which the Rights may from time to time be listed, or to
conform to usage. Subject to the provisions of Section 22 hereof, the Right
Certificates shall entitle the holders thereof to purchase such number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share as shall be set forth therein at the price
per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share set forth therein (the "Purchase
Price"), but the number of such one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share and
the Purchase Price shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein.

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration. The Right
Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the
Board, its Chief Executive Officer, its President, its Vice Chairman, any of
its Vice Presidents, or its Treasurer, either manually or by facsimile
signature, shall have affixed thereto the Company's seal or a facsimile
thereof, and shall be attested by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of
the Company, either manually or by facsimile signature. The Right Certificates
shall be manually countersigned by the Rights Agent and shall not be valid for
any purpose unless countersigned. In case any officer of the Company who shall
have signed any of the Right Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the
Company before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and delivery
by the Company, such Right Certificates, nevertheless, may be countersigned by
the Rights Agent and issued and delivered by the Company with the same force
and effect as though the person who signed such Right Certificates had not
ceased to be such officer of the Company; and any Right Certificate may be
signed on

-9-
<PAGE> 13

behalf of the Company by any person who, at the actual date of the execution of
such Right Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such
Right Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Rights
Agreement any such person was not such an officer.

Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep or
cause to be kept, at its principal office, books for registration and transfer
of the Right Certificates issued hereunder. Such books shall show the names
and addresses of the respective holders of the Right Certificates, the number
of Rights evidenced on its face by each of the Right Certificates and the date
of each of the Right Certificates.

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of
Right Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right Certificates.
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, at any time after the close of
business on the Distribution Date, and at or prior to the close of business on
the earlier of the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration Date, any Right
Certificate or Right Certificates (other than Right Certificates representing
Rights that have become void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof or that have
been exchanged pursuant to Section 24 hereof) may be transferred, split up,
combined or exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates,
entitling the registered holder to purchase a like number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share as the Right Certificate or Right
Certificates surrendered then entitled such holder to purchase. Any registered
holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any Right
Certificate or Right Certificates shall make such request in writing delivered
to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Right Certificate or Right
Certificates to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged at the
principal office of the Rights Agent. Thereupon the Rights Agent shall
countersign and

-10-
<PAGE> 14

deliver to the person entitled thereto a Right Certificate or Right
Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company may require
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination or exchange of
Right Certificates.

Upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of a Right Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of
indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to them, and, at the Company's
request, reimbursement to the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable
expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and
cancellation of the Right Certificate if mutilated, the Company will make and
deliver a new Right Certificate of like tenor to the Rights Agent for delivery
to the registered holder in lieu of the Right Certificate so lost, stolen,
destroyed or mutilated.

Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration
Date of Rights. (a) The registered holder of any Right Certificate may
exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise provided herein) in
whole or in part at any time after the Distribution Date upon surrender of the
Right Certificate, with the form of election to purchase on the reverse side
thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the principal office of the
Rights Agent, together with payment of the Purchase Price for each one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share as to which the Rights are exercised, at or
prior to the earliest of (i) the close of business on August 31, 2004 (the
"Final Expiration Date"), (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed as
provided in Section 23 hereof (the "Redemption Date"), or (iii) the time at
which such Rights are exchanged as provided in Section 24 hereof.

-11-
<PAGE> 15

(b) The Purchase Price for each one one-thousandth of a
Preferred Share purchasable pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall initially
be $150, and shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in
Section 11 or 13 hereof and shall be payable in lawful money of the United
States of America in accordance with paragraph (c) below.

(c) Upon receipt of a Right Certificate representing
exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase duly executed,
accompanied by payment of the Purchase Price for the shares to be purchased and
an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax required to be paid by the
holder of such Right Certificate in accordance with Section 9 hereof by
certified check, cashier's check or money order payable to the order of the
Company, the Rights Agent shall thereupon promptly (i) (A) requisition from any
transfer agent of the Preferred Shares certificates for the number of Preferred
Shares to be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its
transfer agent to comply with all such requests, or (B) requisition from the
depositary agent depositary receipts representing such number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share as are to be purchased (in which case
certificates for the Preferred Shares represented by such receipts shall be
deposited by the transfer agent with the depositary agent) and the Company
hereby directs the depositary agent to comply with such request, (ii) when
appropriate, requisition from the Company the amount of cash to be paid in lieu
of issuance of fractional shares in accordance with Section 14 hereof, (iii)
after receipt of such certificates or depositary receipts, cause the same to be
delivered to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Right
Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such
holder and (iv) when appropriate, after receipt, deliver such cash to or upon
the order of the registered holder of such Right Certificate.

-12-
<PAGE> 16

(d) In case the registered holder of any Right Certificate
shall exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Right
Certificate evidencing Rights equivalent to the Rights remaining unexercised
shall be issued by the Rights Agent to the registered holder of such Right
Certificate or to his duly authorized assigns, subject to the provisions of
Section 14 hereof.

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Right
Certificates. All Right Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise,
transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the
Company or to any of its agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for
cancellation or in cancelled form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent,
shall be cancelled by it, and no Right Certificates shall be issued in lieu
thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Rights
Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and
retirement, and the Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Right
Certificate purchased or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the
exercise thereof. The Rights Agent shall deliver all cancelled Right
Certificates to the Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company,
destroy such cancelled Right Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a
certificate of destruction thereof to the Company.

Section 9. Availability of Preferred Shares. The Company
covenants and agrees that it will cause to be reserved and kept available out
of its authorized and unissued Preferred Shares or any Preferred Shares held in
its treasury, the number of Preferred Shares that will be sufficient to permit
the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights in accordance with Section 7.
The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such action as may be
necessary to ensure that all Preferred

-13-
<PAGE> 17

Shares delivered upon exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the
certificates for such Preferred Shares (subject to payment of the Purchase
Price), be duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and
nonassessable shares.

The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when
due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges which
may be payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Right Certificates
or of any Preferred Shares upon the exercise of Rights. The Company shall not,
however, be required to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer or delivery of Right Certificates to a person other than, or the
issuance or delivery of certificates or depositary receipts for the Preferred
Shares in a name other than that of, the registered holder of the Right
Certificate evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or to
deliver any certificates or depositary receipts for Preferred Shares upon the
exercise of any Rights until any such tax shall have been paid (any such tax
being payable by the holder of such Right Certificate at the time of surrender)
or until it has been established to the Company's reasonable satisfaction that
no such tax is due.

Section 10. Preferred Shares Record Date. Each person in
whose name any certificate for Preferred Shares is issued upon the exercise of
Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of
the Preferred Shares represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be
dated, the date upon which the Right Certificate evidencing such Rights was
duly surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price (and any applicable transfer
taxes) was made; provided, however, that if the date of such surrender and
payment is a date upon which the Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company
are closed, such person

-14-
<PAGE> 18

shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and such
certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on which the
Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company are open. Prior to the exercise
of the Rights evidenced thereby, the holder of a Right Certificate shall not be
entitled to any rights of a holder of Preferred Shares for which the Rights
shall be exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to vote, to
receive dividends or other distributions or to exercise any preemptive rights,
and shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the
Company, except as provided herein.

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of Shares or
Number of Rights. The Purchase Price, the number of Preferred Shares covered
by each Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment
from time to time as provided in this Section 11.

(a) (i) In the event the Company shall at any time
after the date of this Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Preferred Shares
payable in Preferred Shares, (B) subdivide the outstanding Preferred Shares,
(C) combine the outstanding Preferred Shares into a smaller number of Preferred
Shares or (D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of
the Preferred Shares (including any such reclassification in connection with a
consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or surviving
corporation), except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a), the Purchase
Price in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend or of the
effective date of such subdivision, combination or reclassification, and the
number and kind of shares of capital stock issuable on such date, shall be
proportionately adjusted so that the holder of any Right exercised after such
time shall be entitled to receive the aggregate number and kind of shares of
capital stock which, if such Right had been exercised immediately prior to such

-15-
<PAGE> 19

date and at a time when the Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company were
open, he would have owned upon such exercise and been entitled to receive by
virtue of such dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification;
provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the
exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of
capital stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of one Right.

(ii) Subject to Section 24 of this Agreement, in the event
any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right shall thereafter
have a right to receive, upon exercise thereof at a price equal to the then
current Purchase Price multiplied by the number of one one-thousandths of a
Preferred Share for which a Right is then exercisable, in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and in lieu of Preferred Shares, such number of Common
Shares of the Company as shall equal the result obtained by (x) multiplying the
then current Purchase Price by the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred
Share for which a Right is then exercisable and dividing that product by (y)
50% of the then current per share market price of the Company's Common Shares
(determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) on the date of the occurrence of
such event. In the event that any Person shall become an Acquiring Person and
the Rights shall then be outstanding, the Company shall not take any action
which would eliminate or diminish the benefits intended to be afforded by the
Rights.

From and after the occurrence of such event, any Rights that
are or were acquired or beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person (or any
Associate or Affiliate of such Acquiring Person) shall be void and any holder
of such Rights shall thereafter have no right to exercise such Rights under any
provision of this Agreement. No Right Certificate shall

-16-
<PAGE> 20

be issued pursuant to Section 3 that represents Rights beneficially owned by an
Acquiring Person whose Rights would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence
or any Associate or Affiliate thereof; no Right Certificate shall be issued at
any time upon the transfer of any Rights to an Acquiring Person whose Rights
would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence or any Associate or Affiliate
thereof or to any nominee of such Acquiring Person, Associate or Affiliate; and
any Right Certificate delivered to the Rights Agent for transfer to an
Acquiring Person whose Rights would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence
shall be cancelled.

(iii) In the event that there shall not be sufficient
Common Shares issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit
the exercise in full of the Rights in accordance with the foregoing
subparagraph (ii), the Company shall take all such action as may be necessary
to authorize additional Common Shares for issuance upon exercise of the Rights.
In the event the Company shall, after good faith effort, be unable to take all
such action as may be necessary to authorize such additional Common Shares, the
Company shall substitute, for each Common Share that would otherwise be
issuable upon exercise of a Right, a number of Preferred Shares or fraction
thereof such that the current per share market price of one Preferred Share
multiplied by such number or fraction is equal to the current per share market
price of one Common Share as of the date of issuance of such Preferred Shares
or fraction thereof.

(b) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the
issuance of rights, options or warrants to all holders of Preferred Shares
entitling them (for a period expiring within 45 calendar days after such record
date) to subscribe for or purchase Preferred Shares (or shares having the same
rights, privileges and preferences as the Preferred Shares

-17-
<PAGE> 21

("equivalent preferred shares")) or securities convertible into Preferred
Shares or equivalent preferred shares at a price per Preferred Share or
equivalent preferred share (or having a conversion price per share, if a
security convertible into Preferred Shares or equivalent preferred shares) less
than the then current per share market price of the Preferred Shares (as
defined in Section 11(d)) on such record date, the Purchase Price to be in
effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase
Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the
numerator of which shall be the number of Preferred Shares outstanding on such
record date plus the number of Preferred Shares which the aggregate offering
price of the total number of Preferred Shares and/or equivalent preferred
shares so to be offered (and/or the aggregate initial conversion price of the
convertible securities so to be offered) would purchase at such current market
price and the denominator of which shall be the number of Preferred Shares
outstanding on such record date plus the number of additional Preferred Shares
and/or equivalent preferred shares to be offered for subscription or purchase
(or into which the convertible securities so to be offered are initially
convertible); provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration to be
paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the
shares of capital stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of one Right. In
case such subscription price may be paid in a consideration part or all of
which shall be in a form other than cash, the value of such consideration shall
be as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose
determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent.
Preferred Shares owned by or held for the account of the Company shall not be
deemed outstanding for the purpose of any such computation. Such adjustment
shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the
event that such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, the Purchase
Price shall be adjusted to be the

-18-
<PAGE> 22

Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such record date had not been
fixed.

(c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the
making of a distribution to all holders of the Preferred Shares (including any
such distribution made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which
the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation) of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend or a
dividend payable in Preferred Shares) or subscription rights or warrants
(excluding those referred to in Section 11(b) hereof), the Purchase Price to be
in effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the
Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction,
the numerator of which shall be the then current per share market price of the
Preferred Shares on such record date, less the fair market value (as determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination
shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent) of the portion
of the assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be distributed or of such
subscription rights or warrants applicable to one Preferred Share and the
denominator of which shall be such current per share market price of the
Preferred Shares; provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration
to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value
of the shares of capital stock of the Company to be issued upon exercise of one
Right. Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever such a record date
is fixed; and in the event that such distribution is not so made, the Purchase
Price shall again be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in
effect if such record date had not been fixed.

(d) (i) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the
"current per share market price" of any security (a "Security" for the

-19-
<PAGE> 23

purpose of this Section 11(d)(i)) on any date shall be deemed to be the average
of the daily closing prices per share of such Security for the 30 consecutive
Trading Days (as such term is hereinafter defined) immediately prior to such
date; provided, however, that in the event that the current per share market
price of the Security is determined during a period following the announcement
by the issuer of such Security of (A) a dividend or distribution on such
Security payable in shares of such Security or securities convertible into such
shares, or (B) any subdivision, combination or reclassification of such
Security and prior to the expiration of 30 Trading Days after the ex-dividend
date for such dividend or distribution, or the record date for such
subdivision, combination or reclassification, then, and in each such case, the
current per share market price shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the
current market price per share equivalent of such Security. The closing price
for each day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such
sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices,
regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated
transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to
trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Security is not listed or
admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the
principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities
listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Security is
listed or admitted to trading or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to
trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not
so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the
over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotations System ("NASDAQ") or such other system then
in use, or, if on any such date the Security is not quoted by any such
organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished

-20-
<PAGE> 24

by a professional market maker making a market in the Security selected by the
Board of Directors of the Company. The term "Trading Day" shall mean a day on
which the principal national securities exchange on which the Security is
listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if
the Security is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities
exchange, a Business Day.

(ii) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the
"current per share market price" of the Preferred Shares shall be determined in
accordance with the method set forth in Section 11(d)(i). If the Preferred
Shares are not publicly traded, the "current per share market price" of the
Preferred Shares shall be conclusively deemed to be the current per share
market price of the Common Shares as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i)
(appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar
transaction occurring after the date hereof), multiplied by one thousand. If
neither the Common Shares nor the Preferred Shares are publicly held or so
listed or traded, "current per share market price" shall mean the fair value
per share as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company,
whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights
Agent.

(e) No adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be required
unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in
the Purchase Price; provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of
this Section 11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried forward and
taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under this
Section 11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest one
one-millionth of a Preferred Share or one ten-thousandth of any other share or
security as the case may be. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this
Section 11(e), any adjustment required by this Section 11

-21-
<PAGE> 25

shall be made no later than the earlier of (i) three years from the date of the
transaction which requires such adjustment or (ii) the date of the expiration
of the right to exercise any Rights.

(f) If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section
11(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall become
entitled to receive any shares of capital stock of the Company other than
Preferred Shares, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon
exercise of any Right shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a
manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with
respect to the Preferred Shares contained in Section 11(a) through (c),
inclusive, and the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10 and 13 with respect to the
Preferred Shares shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.

(g) All Rights originally issued by the Company subsequent to
any adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to
purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of one one-thousandths of
a Preferred Share purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the
Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

(h) Unless the Company shall have exercised its election as
provided in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a
result of the calculations made in Sections 11(b) and (c), each Right
outstanding immediately prior to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter
evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, that number of
one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share (calculated to the nearest one
one-millionth of a Preferred Share) obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the number
of one one-thousandths of a share covered by a

-22-
<PAGE> 26

Right immediately prior to this adjustment by (y) the Purchase Price in effect
immediately prior to such adjustment of the Purchase Price and (ii) dividing
the product so obtained by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after such
adjustment of the Purchase Price.

(i) The Company may elect on or after the date of any
adjustment of the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in
substitution for any adjustment in the number of one one-thousandths of a
Preferred Share purchasable upon the exercise of a Right. Each of the Rights
outstanding after such adjustment of the number of Rights shall be exercisable
for the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share for which a Right
was exercisable immediately prior to such adjustment. Each Right held of
record prior to such adjustment of the number of Rights shall become that
number of Rights (calculated to the nearest one ten-thousandth) obtained by
dividing the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to adjustment of the
Purchase Price by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of
the Purchase Price. The Company shall make a public announcement of its
election to adjust the number of Rights, indicating the record date for the
adjustment, and, if known at the time, the amount of the adjustment to be made.
This record date may be the date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any
day thereafter, but, if the Right Certificates have been issued, shall be at
least 10 days later than the date of the public announcement. If Right
Certificates have been issued, upon each adjustment of the number of Rights
pursuant to this Section 11(i), the Company shall, as promptly as practicable,
cause to be distributed to holders of record of Right Certificates on such
record date Right Certificates evidencing, subject to Section 14 hereof, the
additional Rights to which such holders shall be entitled as a result of such
adjustment, or, at the option of the Company, shall cause to be distributed to
such holders of record in substitution

-23-
<PAGE> 27

and replacement for the Right Certificates held by such holders prior to the
date of adjustment, and upon surrender thereof, if required by the Company, new
Right Certificates evidencing all the Rights to which such holders shall be
entitled after such adjustment. Right Certificates so to be distributed shall
be issued, executed and countersigned in the manner provided for herein and
shall be registered in the names of the holders of record of Right Certificates
on the record date specified in the public announcement.

(j) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the Purchase
Price or the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share issuable upon
the exercise of the Rights, the Right Certificates theretofore and thereafter
issued may continue to express the Purchase Price and the number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share which were expressed in the initial Right
Certificates issued hereunder.

(k) Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment
reducing the Purchase Price below one one-thousandth of the then par value, if
any, of the Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights, the Company
shall take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be
necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid
and nonassessable Preferred Shares at such adjusted Purchase Price.

(l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that
an adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date for a
specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of such
event the issuing to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date
of the Preferred Shares and other capital stock or securities of the Company,
if any, issuable upon such exercise over and above the

-24-
<PAGE> 28

Preferred Shares and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any,
issuable upon such exercise on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior
to such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company shall deliver to such
holder a due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's
right to receive such additional shares upon the occurrence of the event
requiring such adjustment.

(m) Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Company shall be entitled to make such reductions in the
Purchase Price, in addition to those adjustments expressly required by this
Section 11, as and to the extent that it in its sole discretion shall determine
to be advisable in order that any consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred
Shares, issuance wholly for cash of any Preferred Shares at less than the
current market price, issuance wholly for cash of Preferred Shares or
securities which by their terms are convertible into or exchangeable for
Preferred Shares, dividends on Preferred Shares payable in Preferred Shares or
issuance of rights, options or warrants referred to hereinabove in Section
11(b), hereafter made by the Company to holders of its Preferred Shares shall
not be taxable to such stockholders.

(n) In the event that at any time after the date of this
Agreement and prior to the Distribution Date, the Company shall (i) declare or
pay any dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or (ii) effect a
subdivision, combination or consolidation of the Common Shares (by
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of dividends in Common Shares)
into a greater or lesser number of Common Shares, then in any such case (A) the
number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share purchasable after such event
upon proper exercise of each Right shall be determined by multiplying the
number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share so purchasable immediately
prior to such event by a fraction, the

-25-
<PAGE> 29

numerator of which is the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately
before such event and the denominator of which is the number of Common Shares
outstanding immediately after such event, and (B) each Common Share outstanding
immediately after such event shall have issued with respect to it that number
of Rights which each Common Share outstanding immediately prior to such event
had issued with respect to it. The adjustments provided for in this Section
11(n) shall be made successively whenever such a dividend is declared or paid
or such a subdivision, combination or consolidation is effected.

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number
of Shares. Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 or 13
hereof, the Company shall promptly (a) prepare a certificate setting forth such
adjustment, and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment,
(b) file with the Rights Agent and with each transfer agent for the Common
Shares or the Preferred Shares a copy of such certificate and (c) mail a brief
summary thereof to each holder of a Right Certificate in accordance with
Section 25 hereof.

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of
Assets or Earning Power. In the event, directly or indirectly, at any time
after a Person has become an Acquiring Person, (a) the Company shall
consolidate with, or merge with and into, any other Person, (b) any Person
shall consolidate with the Company, or merge with and into the Company and the
Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation of such merger and, in
connection with such merger, all or part of the Common Shares shall be changed
into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other Person (or the
Company) or cash or any other property, or (c) the Company shall sell or
otherwise transfer (or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise
transfer), in one or more

-26-
<PAGE> 30

transactions, assets or earning power aggregating 50% or more of the assets or
earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any
other Person other than the Company or one or more of its wholly-owned
Subsidiaries, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made so
that (i) each holder of a Right (except as otherwise provided herein) shall
thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at a price
equal to the then current Purchase Price multiplied by the number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share for which a Right is then exercisable, in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in lieu of Preferred Shares,
such number of Common Shares of such other Person (including the Company as
successor thereto or as the surviving corporation) as shall equal the result
obtained by (A) multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the number of
one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share for which a Right is then exercisable
and dividing that product by (B) 50% of the then current per share market price
of the Common Shares of such other Person (determined pursuant to Section 11(d)
hereof) on the date of consummation of such consolidation, merger, sale or
transfer; (ii) the issuer of such Common Shares shall thereafter be liable for,
and shall assume, by virtue of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer,
all the obligations and duties of the Company pursuant to this Agreement; (iii)
the term "Company" shall thereafter be deemed to refer to such issuer; and (iv)
such issuer shall take such steps (including, but not limited to, the
reservation of a sufficient number of its Common Shares in accordance with
Section 9 hereof) in connection with such consummation as may be necessary to
assure that the provisions hereof shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as
reasonably may be, in relation to the Common Shares thereafter deliverable upon
the exercise of the Rights. The Company shall not consummate any such
consolidation, merger, sale or transfer unless prior thereto the Company and
such issuer shall have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent

-27-
<PAGE> 31

a supplemental agreement so providing. The Company shall not enter into any
transaction of the kind referred to in this Section 13 if at the time of such
transaction there are any rights, warrants, instruments or securities
outstanding or any agreements or arrangements which, as a result of the
consummation of such transaction, would eliminate or substantially diminish the
benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights. The provisions of this Section
13 shall similarly apply to successive mergers or consolidations or sales or
other transfers.

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares. (a)
The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Rights or to distribute
Right Certificates which evidence fractional Rights. In lieu of such
fractional Rights, there shall be paid to the registered holders of the Right
Certificates with regard to which such fractional Rights would otherwise be
issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market
value of a whole Right. For the purposes of this Section 14(a), the current
market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the Rights for the
Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such fractional Rights would
have been otherwise issuable. The closing price for any day shall be the last
sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the
average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as
reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with
respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock
Exchange or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on the New
York Stock Exchange, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction
reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national
securities exchange on which the Rights are listed or admitted to trading or,
if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities
exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted,

-28-
<PAGE> 32

the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter
market, as reported by NASDAQ or such other system then in use or, if on any
such date the Rights are not quoted by any such organization, the average of
the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker
making a market in the Rights selected by the Board of Directors of the
Company. If on any such date no such market maker is making a market in the
Rights, the fair value of the Rights on such date as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors of the Company shall be used.

(b) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
Preferred Shares (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share) upon exercise of the Rights or to
distribute certificates which evidence fractional Preferred Shares (other than
fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a Preferred
Share). Fractions of Preferred Shares in integral multiples of one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share may, at the election of the Company, be
evidenced by depositary receipts, pursuant to an appropriate agreement between
the Company and a depositary selected by it; provided, that such agreement
shall provide that the holders of such depositary receipts shall have all the
rights, privileges and preferences to which they are entitled as beneficial
owners of the Preferred Shares represented by such depositary receipts. In
lieu of fractional Preferred Shares that are not integral multiples of one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share, the Company shall pay to the registered
holders of Right Certificates at the time such Rights are exercised as herein
provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market
value of one Preferred Share. For the purposes of this Section 14(b), the
current market value of a Preferred Share shall be the closing price of a
Preferred Share (as

-29-
<PAGE> 33

determined pursuant to the second sentence of Section 11(d)(i) hereof) for the
Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise.

(c) The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the Right
expressly waives his right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional
shares upon exercise of a Right (except as provided above).

Section 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in
respect of this Agreement, excepting the rights of action given to the Rights
Agent under Section 18 hereof, are vested in the respective registered holders
of the Right Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered
holders of the Common Shares); and any registered holder of any Right
Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the Common Shares), without
the consent of the Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Right Certificate
(or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the Common Shares), may, in his own
behalf and for his own benefit, enforce, and may institute and maintain any
suit, action or proceeding against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in
respect of, his right to exercise the Rights evidenced by such Right
Certificate in the manner provided in such Right Certificate and in this
Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing or any remedies available to the
holders of Rights, it is specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights
would not have an adequate remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement and
will be entitled to specific performance of the obligations under, and
injunctive relief against actual or threatened violations of the obligations of
any Person subject to, this Agreement.

Section 16. Agreement of Right Holders. Every holder of a
Right, by accepting the same, consents and agrees with the Company and the
Rights Agent and with every other holder of a Right that:

-30-
<PAGE> 34

(a) prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be
transferable only in connection with the transfer of the Common Shares;

(b) after the Distribution Date, the Right Certificates are
transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered at
the principal office of the Rights Agent, duly endorsed or accompanied by a
proper instrument of transfer; and

(c) the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the
person in whose name the Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date,
the associated Common Shares certificate) is registered as the absolute owner
thereof and of the Rights evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any notations of
ownership or writing on the Right Certificates or the associated Common Shares
certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all
purposes whatsoever, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be
affected by any notice to the contrary.

Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a
Stockholder. No holder, as such, of any Right Certificate shall be entitled to
vote, receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the
Preferred Shares or any other securities of the Company which may at any time
be issuable on the exercise of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall
anything contained herein or in any Right Certificate be construed to confer
upon the holder of any Right Certificate, as such, any of the rights of a
stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors
or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give
or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings
or other

-31-
<PAGE> 35

actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in Section 25 hereof), or to
receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or
Rights evidenced by such Right Certificate shall have been exercised in
accordance with the provisions hereof.

Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent. The Company agrees
to pay to the Rights Agent reasonable compensation for all services rendered by
it hereunder and, from time to time, on demand of the Rights Agent, its
reasonable expenses and counsel fees and other disbursements incurred in the
administration and execution of this Agreement and the exercise and performance
of its duties hereunder. The Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent
for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability, or expense, incurred
without negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights
Agent, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection with the
acceptance and administration of this Agreement, including the costs and
expenses of defending against any claim of liability in the premises.

The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no
liability for, or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in
connection with, its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any
Right Certificate or certificate for the Preferred Shares or Common Shares or
for other securities of the Company, instrument of assignment or transfer,
power of attorney, endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent,
certificate, statement, or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine
and to be signed, executed and, where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by
the proper person or persons, or otherwise upon the advice of counsel as set
forth in Section 20 hereof.

-32-
<PAGE> 36

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of
Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor
Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any
corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights
Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any corporation
succeeding to the stock transfer or corporate trust powers of the Rights Agent
or any successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under
this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act
on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided, that such corporation would
be eligible for appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions of
Section 21 hereof. In case at the time such successor Rights Agent shall
succeed to the agency created by this Agreement, any of the Right Certificates
shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Rights
Agent may adopt the countersignature of the predecessor Rights Agent and
deliver such Right Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any
of the Right Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor
Rights Agent may countersign such Right Certificates either in the name of the
predecessor Rights Agent or in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in
all such cases such Right Certificates shall have the full force provided in
the Right Certificates and in this Agreement.

In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be
changed and at such time any of the Right Certificates shall have been
countersigned but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the
countersignature under its prior name and deliver Right Certificates so
countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Right Certificates shall not
have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may countersign such Right
Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and in

-33-
<PAGE> 37

all such cases such Right Certificates shall have the full force provided in
the Right Certificates and in this Agreement.

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent
undertakes the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the
following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of
Right Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

(a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may
be legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion of such counsel shall be
full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as to any
action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such
opinion.

(b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this
Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact
or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering
any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect
thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively
proved and established by a certificate signed by any one of the Chairman of
the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Vice Chairman, any
Vice President, the Treasurer or the Secretary of the Company and delivered to
the Rights Agent; and such certificate shall be full authorization to the
Rights Agent for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it under the
provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate.

-34-
<PAGE> 38

(c) The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder to the Company
and any other Person only for its own negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct.

(d) The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of
any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the
Right Certificates (except its countersignature thereof) or be required to
verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed
to have been made by the Company only.

(e) The Rights Agent shall not be under any responsibility in
respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof
(except the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the
validity or execution of any Right Certificate (except its countersignature
thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right Certificate;
nor shall it be responsible for any change in the exercisability of the Rights
(including the Rights becoming void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) or
any adjustment in the terms of the Rights (including the manner, method or
amount thereof) provided for in Section 3, 11, 13, 23 or 24, or the
ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such change or
adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of Rights evidenced by Right
Certificates after actual notice that such change or adjustment is required);
nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or
warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Preferred Shares to be
issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right Certificate or as to whether any
Preferred Shares will, when issued, be validly authorized and issued, fully
paid and nonassessable.

-35-
<PAGE> 39

(f) The Company agrees that it will perform, execute,
acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may
reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing
by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

(g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to
accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder
from any one of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the
President, the Vice Chairman, any Vice President, the Secretary or the
Treasurer of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice or
instructions in connection with its duties, and it shall not be liable for any
action taken or suffered by it in good faith in accordance with instructions of
any such officer or for any delay in acting while waiting for those
instructions.

(h) The Rights Agent and any stockholder, director, officer
or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or
other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any
transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend
money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not
Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights
Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal
entity.

(i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the
rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either
itself or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not
be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any
such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company

-36-
<PAGE> 40

resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, provided
reasonable care was exercised in the selection and continued employment
thereof.

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent or any
successor Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this
Agreement upon 30 days' notice in writing mailed to the Company and to each
transfer agent of the Common Shares or Preferred Shares by registered or
certified mail, and to the holders of the Right Certificates by first-class
mail. The Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent
upon 30 days' notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent or successor Rights
Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Common Shares or
Preferred Shares by registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the
Right Certificates by first-class mail. If the Rights Agent shall resign or be
removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company shall
appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make
such appointment within a period of 30 days after giving notice of such removal
or after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by
the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of a Right
Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit his Right Certificate for
inspection by the Company), then the registered holder of any Right Certificate
may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new
Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or
by such a court, shall be a corporation organized and doing business under the
laws of the United States or of the State of New York (or of any other state of
the United States so long as such corporation is authorized to do business as a
banking institution in the State of New York), in good standing, having an
office in the State of New York, which is authorized under such laws to
exercise corporate trust

-37-
<PAGE> 41

or stock transfer powers and is subject to supervision or examination by
federal or state authority and which has at the time of its appointment as
Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus of at least $50 million. After
appointment, the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers,
rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as
Rights Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent
shall deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the
time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance,
conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the
effective date of any such appointment the Company shall file notice thereof in
writing with the predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Common
Shares or Preferred Shares, and mail a notice thereof in writing to the
registered holders of the Right Certificates. Failure to give any notice
provided for in this Section 21, however, or any defect therein, shall not
affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights
Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be.

Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates.
Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the
contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new Right Certificates
evidencing Rights in such form as may be approved by its Board of Directors to
reflect any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind
or class of shares or other securities or property purchasable under the Right
Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

Section 23. Redemption. (a) The Board of Directors of the
Company may, at its option, at any time prior to such time as any Person
becomes an Acquiring Person, redeem all but not less than all the then

-38-
<PAGE> 42

outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $.01 per Right, appropriately
adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction
occurring after the date hereof (such redemption price being hereinafter
referred to as the "Redemption Price"). The redemption of the Rights by the
Board of Directors may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with
such conditions as the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may establish.

(b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights pursuant to paragraph (a) of
this Section 23, and without any further action and without any notice, the
right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of
the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price. The Company
shall promptly give public notice of any such redemption; provided, however,
that the failure to give, or any defect in, any such notice shall not affect
the validity of such redemption. Within 10 days after such action of the Board
of Directors ordering the redemption of the Rights, the Company shall mail a
notice of redemption to all the holders of the then outstanding Rights at their
last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or,
prior to the Distribution Date, on the registry books of the transfer agent for
the Common Shares. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided
shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each
such notice of redemption will state the method by which the payment of the
Redemption Price will be made. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates
or Associates may redeem, acquire or purchase for value any Rights at any time
in any manner other than that specifically set forth in this Section 23 or in
Section 24 hereof, and other than in connection with the purchase of Common
Shares prior to the Distribution Date.

-39-
<PAGE> 43

Section 24. Exchange. (a) The Board of Directors of the
Company may, at its option, at any time after any Person becomes an Acquiring
Person, exchange all or part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights
(which shall not include Rights that have become void pursuant to the
provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) for Common Shares at an exchange ratio
of one Common Share per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock
split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof
(such exchange ratio being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Ratio").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall not be empowered to
effect such exchange at any time after any Person (other than the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or any such
Subsidiary, or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of
any such plan), together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person,
becomes the Beneficial Owner of 50% or more of the Common Shares then
outstanding.

(b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to paragraph (a) of
this Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the
right to exercise such Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of
a holder of such Rights shall be to receive that number of Common Shares equal
to the number of such Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Exchange
Ratio. The Company shall promptly give public notice of any such exchange;
provided, however, that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice
shall not affect the validity of such exchange. The Company promptly shall
mail a notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at
their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights
Agent. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be
deemed given, whether or not

-40-
<PAGE> 44

the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange will state the
method by which the exchange of the Common Shares for Rights will be effected
and, in the event of any partial exchange, the number of Rights which will be
exchanged. Any partial exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the number
of Rights (other than Rights which have become void pursuant to the provisions
of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) held by each holder of Rights.

(c) In the event that there shall not be sufficient Common
Shares issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit any
exchange of Rights as contemplated in accordance with this Section 24, the
Company shall take all such action as may be necessary to authorize additional
Common Shares for issuance upon exchange of the Rights. In the event the
Company shall, after good faith effort, be unable to take all such action as
may be necessary to authorize such additional Common Shares, the Company shall
substitute, for each Common Share that would otherwise be issuable upon
exchange of a Right, a number of Preferred Shares or fraction thereof such that
the current per share market price of one Preferred Share multiplied by such
number or fraction is equal to the current per share market price of one Common
Share as of the date of issuance of such Preferred Shares or fraction thereof.

(d) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
Common Shares or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional Common
Shares. In lieu of such fractional Common Shares, the Company shall pay to the
registered holders of the Right Certificates with regard to which such
fractional Common Shares would otherwise be issuable an amount in cash equal to
the same fraction of the current market value of a whole Common Share. For the
purposes of this paragraph (d), the current market value of a whole Common
Share shall be the closing price of a

-41-
<PAGE> 45

Common Share (as determined pursuant to the second sentence of Section 11(d)(i)
hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of exchange pursuant
to this Section 24.

Section 25. Notice of Certain Events. (a) In case the
Company shall propose (i) to pay any dividend payable in stock of any class to
the holders of its Preferred Shares or to make any other distribution to the
holders of its Preferred Shares (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend),
(ii) to offer to the holders of its Preferred Shares rights or warrants to
subscribe for or to purchase any additional Preferred Shares or shares of stock
of any class or any other securities, rights or options, (iii) to effect any
reclassification of its Preferred Shares (other than a reclassification
involving only the subdivision of outstanding Preferred Shares), (iv) to effect
any consolidation or merger into or with, or to effect any sale or other
transfer (or to permit one or more of its Subsidiaries to effect any sale or
other transfer), in one or more transactions, of 50% or more of the assets or
earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to, any
other Person, (v) to effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Company, or (vi) to declare or pay any dividend on the Common Shares payable in
Common Shares or to effect a subdivision, combination or consolidation of the
Common Shares (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of dividends in
Common Shares), then, in each such case, the Company shall give to each holder
of a Right Certificate, in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of such
proposed action, which shall specify the record date for the purposes of such
stock dividend, or distribution of rights or warrants, or the date on which
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up is to take place and the date of participation
therein by the holders of the Common Shares and/or Preferred Shares, if any
such date is to be fixed, and such

-42-
<PAGE> 46

notice shall be so given in the case of any action covered by clause (i) or
(ii) above at least 10 days prior to the record date for determining holders of
the Preferred Shares for purposes of such action, and in the case of any such
other action, at least 10 days prior to the date of the taking of such proposed
action or the date of participation therein by the holders of the Common Shares
and/or Preferred Shares, whichever shall be the earlier.

(b) In case the event set forth in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof
shall occur, then the Company shall as soon as practicable thereafter give to
each holder of a Right Certificate, in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a
notice of the occurrence of such event, which notice shall describe such event
and the consequences of such event to holders of Rights under Section 11(a)(ii)
hereof.

Section 26. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this
Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right
Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by
first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in
writing with the Rights Agent) as follows:

Litton Industries, Inc.
360 North Crescent Drive
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Attention: Corporate Secretary

Subject to the provisions of Section 21 hereof, any notice or demand authorized
by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any
Right Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or made
if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address
is filed in writing with the Company) as follows:

-43-
<PAGE> 47

The Bank of New York 
101 Barclay Street - 12 West 
New York, New York 10286 
Attention: Joan Larsen

Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the
Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Right Certificate shall be
sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid,
addressed to such holder at the address of such holder as shown on the registry
books of the Company.

Section 27. Supplements and Amendments. The Company may from
time to time supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any
holders of Right Certificates in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or
supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or
inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any other provisions
with respect to the Rights which the Company may deem necessary or desirable,
any such supplement or amendment to be evidenced by a writing signed by the
Company and the Rights Agent; provided, however, that from and after such time
as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, this Agreement shall not be amended
in any manner which would adversely affect the interests of the holders of
Rights. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company may at any time prior to
such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person amend this Agreement to
lower the thresholds set forth in Sections 1(a) and 3(a) to not less than the
greater of (i) the sum of .001% and the largest percentage of the outstanding
Common Shares then known by the Company to be beneficially owned by any Person
(other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit
plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, any entity holding Common
Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan, or Unitrin and its
subsidiaries) and (ii) 10%.

-44-
<PAGE> 48

Section 28. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of
this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall
bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns
hereunder.

Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed to give to any person or corporation other than
the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Right
Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the Common Shares) any legal
or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement
shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent
and the registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to the
Distribution Date, the Common Shares).

Section 30. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant
or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

Section 31. Governing Law. This Agreement and each Right
Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the
laws of the State of Delaware and for all purposes shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts to
be made and performed entirely within such State.

Section 32. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all

-45-
<PAGE> 49

purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section 33. Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings of
the several Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and
shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the
provisions hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed and attested, all as of the day and year first
above written.

LITTON INDUSTRIES, INC.

Attest:

By /s/ Jeanette M. Thomas By /s/ Carol A. Wiesner
_______________________ ______________________
Name: Jeanette M. Thomas Name: Carol A. Wiesner
Title: Corporate Secretary Title: Vice President and Controller

THE BANK OF NEW YORK

Attest:

By /s/ Joan Larsen By /s/ Robert Dietz
_____________________ ______________________
Name: Joan Larsen Name: Robert Dietz
Title: Assistant Treasurer Title: Assistant Vice President

-46-
<PAGE> 50

Exhibit A

FORM

of

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS

of

SERIES A PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK

of

LITTON INDUSTRIES, INC.

(Pursuant to Section 151 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law)

______________________________

Litton Industries, Inc., a corporation organized and existing
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (hereinafter called
the "Corporation"), hereby certifies that the following resolution was adopted
by the Board of Directors of the Corporation as required by Section 151 of the
General Corporation Law at a meeting duly called and held on August 17, 1994:

RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested
in the Board of Directors of this Corporation (hereinafter called the "Board of
Directors" or the "Board") in accordance with the provisions of the Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors hereby creates a series 
of the Preferred Stock, par value $5 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), of 
the Corporation and hereby states the designation and number of shares, and 
fixes the relative rights, preferences, and limitations thereof as follows:

Series A Participating Preferred Stock:

Section 1. Designation and Amount. The shares of such series
shall be designated as "Series A Participating Preferred Stock" (the
"Series A Preferred Stock") and the number of shares constituting the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be 150,000. Such number of shares may be increased or
decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided, that no decrease
shall reduce the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to a number less
than the number of shares then outstanding plus the number of shares reserved
for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options, rights or warrants or
upon the conversion of any outstanding securities issued by the Corporation
convertible into Series A Preferred Stock.
<PAGE> 51
Section 2. Dividends and Distributions.

(A) The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, in
preference to the holders of Common Stock, par value $1 per share (the
"Common Stock"), of the Corporation, and of any other junior stock,
shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly
dividends payable in cash on the first day of October, January, April
and July in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a
"Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction
of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, in an amount per share
(rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $10 or (b)
subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 1000
times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1000
times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash
dividends or other distributions, other than a dividend payable in
shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the
Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment
Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of
Series A Preferred Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any
time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares
of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or
consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares
of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common
Stock, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event
under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by
multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such
event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common
Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

(B) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or
distribution on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph
(A) of this Section immediately after it declares a dividend or
distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in
shares of Common Stock); provided that, in the event no dividend or
distribution shall have been declared on the Common Stock during the
period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date and the next
subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $10 per
share on the Series A Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable on
such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

(C) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares,

A-2
<PAGE> 52
unless the date of issue of such shares is on or prior to the record
date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case
dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue
of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination
of holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive a
quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in
either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be
cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but
unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total
amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such
shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all
such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a
record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or
distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be not more
than 60 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

Section 3. Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

(A) Except as otherwise provided in Article Fourth of the
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the
"Restated Certificate"), each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
entitle the holder thereof to one vote on all matters submitted to a
vote of the stockholders of the Corporation.

(B) Except as otherwise provided herein or in Article
Fourth of the Restated Certificate, in any other Certificate of
Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar
stock, or by law, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and the holders of shares of Common Stock and any other capital stock
of the Corporation having general voting rights shall vote together as
one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the
Corporation.

(C) Except as set forth herein or in Article Fourth of the
Restated Certificate, or as otherwise provided by law, holders of
Series A Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their
consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled
to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking
any corporate action.

Section 4. Certain Restrictions.

(A) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or
distributions payable on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in
Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid
dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of
Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the
Corporation shall not:

A-3
<PAGE> 53
(i) declare or pay dividends, or make any other
distributions, on any shares of stock ranking junior (either
as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up) to the Series A Preferred Stock;

(ii) declare or pay dividends, or make any other
distributions, on any shares of stock ranking on a parity
(either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up) with the Series A Preferred Stock, except
dividends paid ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all
such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears
in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all
such shares are then entitled;

(iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for
consideration shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to
the Series A Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation
may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares
of any such junior stock in exchange for shares of any stock
of the Corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends or
upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A
Preferred Stock; or

(iv) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for
consideration any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or any
shares of stock ranking on a parity with the Series A
Preferred Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer
made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board
of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as
the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective
annual dividend rates and other relative rights and
preferences of the respective series and classes, shall
determine in good faith will result in fair and equitable
treatment among the respective series or classes.

(B) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of
the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any
shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under
paragraph (A) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such
shares at such time and in such manner.

Section 5. Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A
Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any
manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition
thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become authorized but
unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series
of Preferred Stock subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set
forth herein, in the Certificate of Incorporation, or in any other Certificate
of Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock or as
otherwise required by law.

A-4
<PAGE> 54
Section 6. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. Upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution
shall be made (1) to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as
to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A
Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have received $1000 per share, plus an amount equal to
accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not
declared, to the date of such payment, or if greater the holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an aggregate amount per
share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to
1000 times the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders of
shares of Common Stock, or (2) to the holders of shares of stock ranking on a
parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up)
with the Series A Preferred Stock, except distributions made ratably on the
Series A Preferred Stock and all such parity stock in proportion to the total
amounts to which the holders of all such shares are entitled upon such
liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In the event the Corporation shall at
any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of
Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser
number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the aggregate amount
to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled
immediately prior to such event under the proviso in clause (1) of the
preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction
the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

Section 7. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the
Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other
transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed
into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any
such case each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be
similarly exchanged or changed into an amount per share, subject to the
provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1000 times the
aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable
in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common
Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time
declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common
Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser
number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount set forth
in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such

A-5
<PAGE> 55
event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that
were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

Section 8. Redemption. The shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall not be redeemable prior to August 31, 2025. From and after such
date, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemable, in whole or
in part, by lot or pro rata, at the option of the Corporation at a redemption
price equal to, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth,
1000 times the "current per share market price" of the Common Stock on the date 
of the mailing of the notice of redemption and there shall also be paid with
respect to each such share which is redeemed an amount equal to accrued and
unpaid dividends on such share (whether or not earned or declared) to the
redemption date. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay
any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a
subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares
of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock,
then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under the
preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction
the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

The "current per share market price" on any date shall be
deemed to be the average of the closing price per share of such Common Stock
for the five consecutive Trading Days (or such lesser number of Trading Days
within such period, being at least one, for which there shall be a closing
price as defined herein) preceding the second Trading Day prior to that date.
The closing price for each day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or,
in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid
and asked prices, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal
consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or
admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Common Stock is
not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported
in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to
securities listed or admitted to trading on the principal national securities
exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading or, if the
Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities
exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted the average of the high
bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotations System or
such other system then in use or, if on any such date the Common Stock is not
quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked
prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the
Common Stock selected by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The term
"Trading Day" shall mean a day on which the principal national securities
exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading is open for
the transaction of business

A-6
<PAGE> 56
or, if the Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any
national securities exchange, a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are not authorized or
obligated by law or executive order to close.

Section 9. Rank. Subject to Article Fourth of the Restated
Certificate, the Series A Preferred Stock shall rank, with respect to the 
payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, junior to all series of 
any other class of the Corporation's Preferred Stock.

Section 10. Amendment. The Certificate of Incorporation of
the Corporation shall not be amended in any manner which would materially alter
or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred
Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, voting together as a single class.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate of Designations is
executed on behalf of the Corporation by its __________ and attested by its
_________ this _____ day of August, 1994.

Attest: LITTON INDUSTRIES, INC.

_______________________ ___________________________
Name: Name:
Title: Title:

A-7
<PAGE> 57

Exhibit B

Form of Right Certificate

Certificate No. R- _____ Rights

NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER AUGUST 31, 2004 OR EARLIER IF
REDEMPTION OR EXCHANGE OCCURS. THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT
TO REDEMPTION AT $.01 PER RIGHT AND TO EXCHANGE ON THE
TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT.

Right Certificate

LITTON INDUSTRIES, INC.

This certifies that ____________________, or registered
assigns, is the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each
of which entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and
conditions of the Rights Agreement, dated as of August 17, 1994 (the "Rights
Agreement"), between Litton Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), and The Bank of New York (the "Rights Agent"), to purchase from the
Company at any time after the Distribution Date (as such term is defined in the
Rights Agreement) and prior to 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on August 31,
2004 at the principal office of the Rights Agent, or at the office of its
successor as Rights Agent, one one-thousandth of a fully paid non-assessable
share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, par value $5 per share
(the "Preferred Shares"), of the Company, at a purchase price of $150 per one
one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (the "Purchase Price"), upon presentation
and surrender of this Right Certificate with the Form of Election to Purchase
duly executed. The number of Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate (and
the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share which may be purchased
upon exercise hereof) set forth above, and the Purchase Price set forth above,
are the number and Purchase Price as of August 31, 1994, based on the Preferred
Shares as constituted at such date. As provided in the Rights Agreement, the
Purchase Price and the number of one one-thousandths of a Preferred Share which
may be purchased upon the exercise of the Rights evidenced by this Right
Certificate are subject to modification and adjustment upon the happening of
certain events.

This Right Certificate is subject to all of the terms,
provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and
conditions are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof
and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description
of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities
hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Right
Certificates. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the principal
executive offices of the Company and the above-mentioned offices of the Rights
Agent.

B-1
<PAGE> 58

This Right Certificate, with or without other Right
Certificates, upon surrender at the principal office of the Rights Agent, may
be exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates of like tenor
and date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like aggregate
number of Preferred Shares as the Rights evidenced by the Right Certificate or
Right Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase. If
this Right Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled
to receive upon surrender hereof another Right Certificate or Right
Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights
evidenced by this Certificate (i) may be redeemed by the Company at a
redemption price of $.01 per Right or (ii) may be exchanged in whole or in part
for Preferred Shares or shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value $1 per
share.

No fractional Preferred Shares will be issued upon the
exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which
are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share, which may,
at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary receipts), but in
lieu thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.

No holder of this Right Certificate shall be entitled to vote
or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the Preferred
Shares or of any other securities of the Company which may at any time be
issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights
Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any
of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the
election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any
meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to
receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as
provided in the Rights Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription
rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this Right
Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in the Rights Agreement.

This Right Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for
any purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.

WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the
Company and its corporate seal. Dated as of _________ , ____.

ATTEST: LITTON INDUSTRIES, INC.

________________________ By _______________________
Name: Name:
Title: Title:

B-2
<PAGE> 59

Countersigned:

_____________________

_____________________
Name:
Title:

B-3
<PAGE> 60

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered holder if such
holder desires to transfer the Right Certificate.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED________________________________ hereby sells, 
assigns and transfers unto____________________________________________________
(Please print name and address of transferee) ________________________________
_____________________________________________________________ this Right
Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein, and does
hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ____________________ Attorney, to
transfer the within Right Certificate on the books of the within-named Company,
with full power of substitution.

Dated: ______________________, ____

___________________________________
Signature

B-4
<PAGE> 61

Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered 
national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or trust company having an 
office or correspondent in the United States.

The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by this 
Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person or an 
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

______________________________
Signature

B-5
<PAGE> 62

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate -- continued

FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

(To be executed if holder desires to exercise
Rights represented by the Right Certificate.)

To: LITTON INDUSTRIES, INC.

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise 
___________________________ Rights represented by this Right Certificate to
purchase the Preferred Shares or Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of
such Rights and requests that certificates for such Preferred Shares or Common
Shares be issued in the name of:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

____________________________________________________________
(Please print name and address)
____________________________________________________________

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this Right
Certificate, a new Right Certificate for the balance remaining of such Rights
shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

_____________________________________________________________
(Please print name and address)
_____________________________________________________________

Dated: __________________, ____

___________________________________
Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered 
national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or trust company having an 
office or correspondent in the United States.

B-6
<PAGE> 63

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate -- continued

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by this 
Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person or an 
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

____________________________________
Signature

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTICE

The signature in the Form of Assignment or Form of Election to 
Purchase, as the case may be, must conform to the name as written upon the 
face of this Right Certificate in every particular, without alteration or 
enlargement or any change whatsoever.

In the event the certification set forth above in the Form of 
Assignment or the Form of Election to Purchase, as the case may be, is not 
completed, the Company and the Rights Agent will deem the beneficial owner of 
the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or 
an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and 
such Assignment or Election to Purchase will not be honored.

B-7
<PAGE> 64

Exhibit C

SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE
PREFERRED SHARES

On August 17, 1994, the Board of Directors of Litton
Industries, Inc. (the "Company") declared a dividend of one preferred share
purchase right (a "Right") for each outstanding share of common stock, par
value $1 per share (the "Common Shares"), of the Company. The dividend is
payable on August 31, 1994 (the "Record Date") to the stockholders of record on
that date. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the
Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, par value $5 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), of the
Company at a price of $150 per one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (the
"Purchase Price"), subject to adjustment. The description and terms of the
Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") between the
Company and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").

Until the earlier to occur of (i) 10 days following a public
announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an
"Acquiring Person") have acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares or (ii) 10 business days (or such later date as may
be determined by action of the Board of Directors prior to such time as any
person or group of affiliated persons becomes an Acquiring Person) following
the commencement of, or announcement of an intention to make, a tender offer or
exchange offer the consummation of which would result in the beneficial
ownership by a person or group of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares
(the earlier of such dates being called the "Distribution Date"), the Rights
will be evidenced, with respect to any of the Common Share certificates
outstanding as of the Record Date, by such Common Share certificate with a copy
of this Summary of Rights attached thereto. Unitrin, Inc. and its subsidiaries
currently own 27.6% of the outstanding Common Shares. The Rights Agreement does
not restrict the Unitrin companies so long as they do not purchase additional
Common Shares or their Common Shares are not transferred to a third party or
group which would thereby beneficially own 15% or more of the outstanding
Common Shares.

The Rights Agreement provides that, until the Distribution
Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), the Rights will be
transferred with and only with the Common Shares. Until the Distribution Date
(or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), new Common Share
certificates issued after the Record Date upon transfer or new issuance of
Common Shares will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by
reference. Until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of
the Rights), the surrender for transfer of any certificates for Common Shares
outstanding as of the Record Date, even without such notation or a copy of this
Summary of Rights being attached thereto, will also constitute the transfer of
the Rights associated with

C-1

<PAGE> 65

Exhibit C

the Common Shares represented by such certificate. As soon as practicable
following the Distribution Date, separate certificates evidencing the Rights
("Right Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of the Common Shares
as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and such separate Right
Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date.
The Rights will expire on August 31, 2004 (the "Final Expiration Date"), unless
the Final Expiration Date is extended or unless the Rights are earlier redeemed
or exchanged by the Company, in each case, as described below.

The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Preferred Shares
or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are
subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of
a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the
Preferred Shares, (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Preferred Shares of
certain rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Preferred Shares at a
price, or securities convertible into Preferred Shares with a conversion price,
less than the then-current market price of the Preferred Shares or (iii) upon
the distribution to holders of the Preferred Shares of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends paid out of
earnings or retained earnings or dividends payable in Preferred Shares) or of
subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

The number of outstanding Rights and the number of one
one-thousandths of a Preferred Share issuable upon exercise of each Right are
also subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split of the Common Shares
or a stock dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or
subdivisions, consolidations or combinations of the Common Shares occurring, in
any such case, prior to the Distribution Date.

Preferred Shares purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will not be
redeemable prior to August 31, 2025. Each Preferred Share will be entitled to
a minimum preferential quarterly dividend payment of $10 per share but will be
entitled to an aggregate dividend of 1000 times the dividend declared per
Common Share. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the Preferred Shares
will be entitled to a minimum preferential liquidation payment of $1000 per
share but will be entitled to an aggregate payment of 1000 times the payment
made per Common Share. Each Preferred Share will have one vote, and, except
for certain limited circumstances, will vote together with the Common Shares. 
Finally, in the event of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in
which Common Shares are exchanged, each Preferred Share will be entitled to
receive 1000 times the amount received per Common Share. These rights are
protected by customary antidilution provisions.

C-2
<PAGE> 66

Exhibit C

Because of the nature of the Preferred Shares' dividend and
liquidation rights, the value of the one one-thousandth interest in a Preferred
Share purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate the value of
one Common Share.

In the event that the Company is acquired in a merger or other
business combination transaction or 50% or more of its consolidated assets or
earning power are sold after a person or group has become an Acquiring Person,
proper provision will be made so that each holder of a Right will thereafter
have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at the then current
exercise price of the Right, that number of shares of common stock of the
acquiring company which at the time of such transaction will have a market
value of two times the exercise price of the Right. In the event that any
person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring
Person, proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right, other
than Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereafter
be void), will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise that number
of Common Shares having a market value of two times the exercise price of the
Right.

At any time after any person or group becomes an Acquiring
Person and prior to the acquisition by such person or group of 50% or more of
the outstanding Common Shares, the Board of Directors of the Company may
exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or group which will
have become void), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one Common
Share, or one one-thousandth of a Preferred Share (or of a share of a class or
series of the Company's preferred stock having equivalent rights, preferences
and privileges), per Right (subject to adjustment).

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price
will be required until cumulative adjustments require an adjustment of at least
1% in such Purchase Price. No fractional Preferred Shares will be issued
(other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a
Preferred Share, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by
depositary receipts) and in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made
based on the market price of the Preferred Shares on the last trading day prior
to the date of exercise.

At any time prior to the time a person or group of affiliated
or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person, the Board of Directors of the
Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $.01 per
Right (the "Redemption Price"). The redemption of the Rights may be made
effective at such time on such basis with such conditions as the Board of
Directors in its sole discretion may establish. Immediately upon any
redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will

C-3
<PAGE> 67

Exhibit C

terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the
Redemption Price.

The terms of the Rights may be amended by the Board of
Directors of the Company without the consent of the holders of the Rights,
including an amendment to lower certain thresholds described above to not less
than the greater of (i) the sum of .001% and the largest percentage of the
outstanding Common Shares then known to the Company to be beneficially owned by
any person or group of affiliated or associated persons (other than Unitrin,
Inc. and its subsidiaries) and (ii) 10%, except that from and after such time
as any person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring
Person no such amendment may adversely affect the interests of the holders of
the Rights.

Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will
have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation,
the right to vote or to receive dividends.

A copy of the Rights Agreement has been filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to a Registration Statement on
Form 8-A dated August 23, 1994. A copy of the Rights Agreement is available
free of charge from the Company. This summary description of the Rights does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Rights Agreement, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

C-4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>