<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000023632-94-000011.txt : 19940705
<IMS-HEADER>0000023632-94-000011.hdr.sgml : 19940705
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000023632-94-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940629
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940629

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONSOLIDATED EDISON CO OF NEW YORK INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000023632
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	4931
		IRS NUMBER:				135009340
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01217
		FILM NUMBER:		94536935

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4 IRVING PL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2124604600
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT ON FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

___________________

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report: June 29, 1994

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

New York 1-1217 13-5009340
(State of (Commission (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

4 Irving Place, New York, NY 10003
(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant's telephone number: (212) 460-4600

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
- 2 -

INFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED IN THE REPORT

ITEM 5. OTHER EVENTS

On June 29, 1994, the Company entered into an underwriting
agreement with Lehman Brothers Inc. for the sale of $150 million
aggregate principal amount of the Company's Floating Rate
Debentures, Series 1994 B (the "Debentures"). The Debentures
were registered under the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to a
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 33-62266, declared
effective May 11, 1993), for $665 million of unsecured debt
securities of the Company, of which $355 million have been sold
in previous offerings of debt securities.

Copies of the underwriting agreement and the definitive
form of the Debentures are filed as exhibits to this report.

ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

(b) Exhibits

1 Underwriting Agreement relating to the Debentures.

4 Form of Debenture.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

- 3 -

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, INC. 

By: RAYMOND J. MCCANN 

Raymond J. McCann
Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer

DATE: June 29, 1994<PAGE>
<PAGE>

- 4 -

Index to Exhibits

Sequential Page
Number at which
Exhibit Description Exhibit Begins

1 Underwriting Agreement relating
to Debentures

4 Form of Debenture.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1 TO FORM 8-K REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Series 1994 B Debentures

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

June 29, 1994

To the Representative Named
on the Signature Page Hereof:

Dear Sirs:

Subject to the terms and conditions stated or
incorporated by reference herein, Consolidated Edison Company of
New York, Inc. (the "Company") hereby agrees to sell to the
Underwriters named in Schedule I hereto (the "Underwriters") and
the Underwriters hereby agree to purchase, severally and not
jointly, the principal amount set forth opposite their names in
Schedule I hereto of the securities specified in Schedule II
hereto (the "Designated Securities").

The representative named on the signature page hereof
(the "Representative") represents that the Underwriters have
authorized the Representative to enter into this Underwriting
Agreement and to act hereunder on their behalf.

Except as otherwise provided in Schedule II hereto each
of the provisions of the Company's Underwriting Agreement Basic
Provisions, dated April 16, 1992, as filed as Exhibit 1(b) to
Registration Statement No. 33-47261 (the "Basic Provisions"), is
incorporated herein by reference in its entirety, and shall be
deemed to be a part of this Agreement to the same extent as if
such provisions had been set forth in full herein. Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Basic Provisions
are used herein as therein defined.

Payment for the Designated Securities will be made
against delivery thereof to the Representative for the accounts
of the respective Underwriters at the time and place and at the
purchase price to the Underwriters set forth in Schedule II
hereto.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
- 2 -

If the foregoing is in accordance with your
understanding, please sign and return to us counterparts hereof,
and upon acceptance hereof by you, on behalf of each of the
Underwriters, this letter and such acceptance hereof, including
the Basic Provisions incorporated herein by reference, shall
constitute a binding agreement between each of the Underwriters
and the Company.

Very truly yours,

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, INC. 

By:RAYMOND J. MCCANN
Raymond J. McCann
Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer

Confirmed and Accepted as of the date hereof on behalf of itself
and each other Underwriter, if any:

LEHMAN BROTHERS INC.

By:PAUL R. FOSSATI
Paul R. Fossati
Attorney-in-Fact

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
SCHEDULE I

Principal Amount of
Designated Securities
Underwriter to be Purchased 

Lehman Brothers Inc. . . . . . . . $150,000,000

Total. . . . . . . . . . . . $150,000,000

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
SCHEDULE II

Title of Designated Securities: 

Floating Rate Debentures, Series 1994 B

Aggregate principal amount: 

$150,000,000.

Price to Public: 

Initially 99.9452% of the principal amount of the Designated
Securities, plus accrued interest, if any, from July 6, 1994
to the date of delivery, thereafter at market prices
prevailing at the time of sale or at negotiated prices.

Purchase Price by Underwriters: 

99.4952% of the principal amount of the Designated
Securities, plus accrued interest, if any, from July 6, 1994
to the date of delivery.

Specified funds for, and manner of, payment of purchase price: 

Federal Reserve Bank check or checks payable in
immediately available funds to the order
of "Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc."

Indenture: 

Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1990, between the Company
and The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association), as
Trustee.

Maturity: 

July 1, 1999.

Interest Rate: 

As set forth in the prospectus supplement, dated June 29,
1994, for the Designated Securities (the "Prospectus
Supplement") to the prospectus, dated May 11, 1993
(the "Prospectus") filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as part of the
Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 33-62266;
declared effective by the SEC on May 11, 1993).

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
- 2 -

Interest Payment Dates: 

As set forth in the Prospectus Supplement.

Redemption Provisions: 

As set forth in the Prospectus Supplement.

Sinking Fund Provisions: 

None.

Time of Delivery: 

10:00 a.m., on July 6, 1994.

Closing Location: 

Room 1810-S at the Company, 4 Irving Place, New York, NY
10003.

Information furnished by or on behalf of the Underwriters for use
in the Prospectus for the Designated Securities: 

1. The paragraph regarding stabilization on page 2 of the
Prospectus.

2. The final paragraph of the front cover of the
Prospectus Supplement.

3. The second and third paragraphs of the section entitled
"Underwriting" on page S-5 of the Prospectus
Supplement.

Address of Representative: 

Lehman Brothers Inc.
3 World Financial Center
New York, New York 10285
Attention: James C. Penrose

Captions in the Prospectus referred to in Section 6(c)(xi) of the
Basic Provisions: 

Description of Securities
Description of Debentures

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
- 3 -

Modifications of Basic Provisions: 

1. Delete Section 3 of the Basic Provisions in its
entirety and substitute the following:

"One or more Global Securities (as defined in the
Indenture specified in the Underwriting agreement) for
the Designated Securities in the aggregate principal
amount of the Designated Securities shall be registered
in the name of Cede & Co. and delivered to The
Depository Trust Company with instructions to credit
the Designated Securities to the account of, or as
otherwise instructed by, the Representative against
payment by the Representative of the purchase price
therefor in the amount, the funds and manner specified
in the Underwriting Agreement, at the place, time and
date specified in the Underwriting Agreement or at such
other place, time and date as the Representative and
the Company may agree in writing, said time and date
being herein referred to as the "Time of Delivery" for
said Designated Securities.

2. Delete Section 6(c)(ii) of the Basic Provisions in its
entirety and substitute the following:

"(ii) The Company has authorized equity capitalization
as set forth in the Prospectus;"

3. In Section 7(a) of the Basic Provisions insert
"promptly as such expenses are incurred" immediately
before the phrase "; provided, however,".

Other:

None.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4 TO FORM 8-K REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

[Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized
representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York
corporation ("DTC"), to the Company or its agent for registration
of transfer, exchange, or payment, and any certificate issued is
registered in the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is
requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment
is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by
an authorized representative of DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR
OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS
WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has
an interest herein.]

REGISTERED REGISTERED

Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc.
FLOATING RATE DEBENTURES, SERIES 1994 B

INTEREST RATE MATURITY DATE CUSIP
Floating Rate July 1, 1999 209111 CG 6
(Determined as
described herein)

REGISTERED HOLDER: [Cede & Co.]

PRINCIPAL SUM: [ONE HUNDRED FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS ($150,000,000)]

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC., a New York
corporation (hereinafter called the "Company", which term
includes any successor corporation under the Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to
pay to the registered holder named above or registered assigns,
on the maturity date stated above, unless redeemed prior thereto
as hereinafter provided, the principal sum stated above and to
pay interest thereon, until the date on which payment of such
principal sum has been made or duly provided for, on January 1,
April 1, July 1 and October 1 (each an "Interest Payment Date"),
commencing October 1, 1994, for the period commencing on and
including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date and
ending on and including the day next preceding the Interest
Payment Date (an "Interest Period"), with the exception that the
first Interest Period shall commence on and include July 6, 1994
and end on and include September 30, 1994. Interest will be paid
to the registered holder of this Debenture at the close of
business on the fifteenth day of the month preceding the Interest
Payment Date, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> -2-

This Debenture bears interest at a rate per annum equal to
LIBOR (as defined below) plus .1875%, as determined by The Chase
Manhattan Bank (National Association), which has agreed to act as
calculation agent for the Debentures, or a successor calculation
agent appointed by the Company (the "Calculation Agent"). In no
event, however, shall such rate exceed the maximum interest rate
permitted by applicable law. Upon the request of any person, the
Calculation Agent will advise the person of the interest rate
then in effect for the Debentures.

"LIBOR", with respect to an Interest Period, shall be the
rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in United
States dollars for a three-month period beginning on the second
London Banking Day (as defined below) after the Determination
Date (as defined below) that appears on Telerate Page 3750 (as
defined below) as of 11:00 a.m., London time on the Determination
Date. If Telerate Page 3750 does not include such a rate or is
unavailable on a Determination Date, LIBOR for the Interest
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates (expressed as a
percentage per annum) for deposits in a Representative Amount (as
defined below) in United States dollars for a three-month period
beginning on the second London Banking Day after the
Determination Date that appears on Reuters Screen LIBO Page (as
defined below) as of 11:00 a.m., London time on the Determination
Date. If Reuters Screen LIBO Page does not include two or more
rates or is unavailable on a Determination Date, the Calculation
Agent will request the principal London office of each of four
major banks in the London interbank market, one of which may be
the Calculation Agent or its affiliate, selected by the
Calculation Agent (after consulting with the Company) to provide
such bank's offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per
annum), as of approximately 11:00 a.m., London time on such
Determination Date, to prime banks in the London interbank market
for deposits in a Representative Amount in United States dollars
for a three-month period beginning on the second London Banking
Day after the Determination Date. If at least two such offered
quotations are so provided, LIBOR for the Interest Period will be
the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such
quotations are so provided, the Calculation Agent will request
each of three major banks in New York City, one of which may be
the Calculation Agent or its affiliate, selected by the
Calculation Agent (after consulting with the Company) to provide
such bank's rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of
approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time on such
Determination Date, for loans in a Representative Amount in
United States dollars to leading European banks for a three-month
period beginning on the second London Banking Day after the
Determination Date. If at least two such rates are so provided,
LIBOR for the Interest Period will be the arithmetic mean of such
rates. If fewer than two such rates are so provided, then LIBOR
for the Interest Period will be LIBOR in effect with respect to
the immediately preceding Interest Period.<PAGE>
<PAGE> -3-

"Determination Date" with respect to an Interest Period will
be the second London Banking Day preceding the first day of the
Interest Period.

"London Banking Day" is any day in which dealings in United
States dollars are transacted or, with respect to any future
date, are expected to be transacted in the London interbank
market.

"Representative Amount" means a principal amount of not less
than U.S. $1,000,000 for a single transaction in the relevant
market at the relevant time.

"Telerate Page 3750" means the display designated as "Page
3750" on the Dow Jones Telerate Service (or such other page as
may replace Page 3750 on that service).

"Reuters Screen LIBO Page" means the display designated as
page "LIBO" on The Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or such
other page as may replace the LIBO page on that service).

Interest on the Debentures will be calculated on the basis
of the actual number of days for which interest is payable in the
Interest Period divided by 360. All percentages resulting from
any calculation in respect of Debentures will be rounded to the
nearest ten-thousandth of a percentage point.

The principal of this Debenture, when due and payable,
shall, upon presentation and surrender hereof, be paid at the
principal office of the Company. The interest on this Debenture,
when due and payable, shall be paid at the principal office of
the Company, or at the option of the Company, by check mailed to
the address of the registered holder hereof or registered assigns
as such address shall appear in the Security Register. All such
payments shall be made in such coin or currency of the United
States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for
payment of public and private debts.

This Debenture is one of a duly authorized series of an
issue of unsecured debt securities of the Company designated as
its Floating Rate Debentures, Series 1994 B (hereinafter called
the "Debentures"), issued and to be issued under an Indenture
dated as of December 1, 1990 (hereinafter called the
"Indenture"), between the Company and The Chase Manhattan Bank
(National Association), Trustee (hereinafter called the
"Trustee", which term includes any successor trustee under the
Indenture). Reference is made to the Indenture and any
supplemental indenture thereto for the provisions relating, among
other things, to the respective rights of the Company, the
Trustee and the holders of the Debentures, and the terms on which
the Debentures are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> -4-

The Company may redeem the Debentures, in whole or in part,
on any Interest Payment Date on or after July 1, 1996, at a price
equal to 100.00% of the principal amount of the Debentures to be
redeemed, together with the accrued interest to be paid on such
Debentures on such Interest Payment Date. If this Debenture or
any portion hereof is called for redemption, interest shall cease
to accrue on this Debenture or such portion hereof on the date
fixed for redemption.

If an Event of Default (as defined in the Indenture) shall
have occurred and be continuing, with respect to the Debentures,
the principal hereof may be declared, and upon such declaration
shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with such effect
and subject to the conditions provided in the Indenture. Any
such declaration may be rescinded by holders of a majority in
principal amount of the outstanding Debentures if all Events of
Default with respect to the Debentures (other than the non-
payment of principal of the Debentures which shall have become
due by such declaration) shall have been remedied.

The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and
the Trustee, with the consent of the holders of not less than a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Debentures at the
time outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to
execute supplemental indentures adding any provisions to the
Indenture or to any supplemental indenture with respect to the
Debentures, or modifying in any manner the rights of the holders
of the Debentures; provided, however, that no such supplemental
indenture shall (i) extend the maturity of any Debenture, or
reduce the principal amount thereof, or the premium thereon, if
any, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest
thereon or make the principal thereof or premium, if any, or
interest thereon payable in any coin or currency other than that
in the Debentures provided, without the consent of the holder of
each Debenture so affected, or (ii) reduce the aforesaid
principal amount of Debentures, the holders of which are required
to consent to any such supplemental indenture without the consent
of the holders of all Debentures then outstanding.

The Debentures are issuable as registered Debentures only,
in the denomination of $1,000 and any integral multiples of
$1,000 approved by the Company, such approval to be evidenced by
the execution thereof.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> -5-

This Debenture is transferable by the registered holder
hereof in person or by his attorney duly authorized in writing on
the books of the Company at the office or agency to be maintained
by the Company for that purpose, but only in the manner, subject
to the limitations and upon payment of any tax or governmental
charge for which the Company may require reimbursement as
provided in the Indenture, and upon surrender and cancellation of
this Debenture. Upon any registration of transfer, a new
registered Debenture or Debentures, of authorized denomination or
denominations, and in the same aggregate principal amount, will
be issued to the transferee in exchange therefor.

The Company, the Trustee, any paying agent and any Security
registrar may deem and treat the registered holder hereof as the
absolute owner of this Debenture (whether or not this Debenture
shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notations of ownership
or other writing hereon made by anyone other than the Security
registrar) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account
of the principal hereof and interest due hereon as herein
provided and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor
the Trustee nor any paying agent nor any Security registrar shall
be affected by any notice to the contrary.

No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of
or premium, if any, or interest on this Debenture, or for any
claim based hereon, or otherwise in respect hereof, or based on
or in respect of the Indenture or any indenture supplemental
thereto, against any incorporator or against any past, present or
future stockholder, officer or member of the Board of Trustees,
as such, of the Company, whether by virtue of any constitution,
statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment
or penalty or otherwise, all such liability being, by the
acceptance hereof and as part of the consideration for the issue
hereof, expressly waived and released.

This Debenture shall be deemed to be a contract made under
the laws of the State of New York, and for all purposes shall be
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

This Debenture shall not be entitled to any benefit under
the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until the
certificate of authentication on the face hereof is manually
signed by the Trustee.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> -6-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to
be signed by the manual or facsimile signatures of a Vice
President and the Treasurer of the Company, and a facsimile of
its corporate seal to be affixed or reproduced hereon.

CONSOLIDATED EDISON COMPANY OF NEW YORK, INC.

By
Treasurer

By
Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer 

[SEAL] 

TRUSTEE'S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION
This is one of the Securities of the series designated herein
issued under the Indenture described herein.

THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK
(National Association),
as Trustee

By

Authorized Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>