<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000795403-94-000019.txt : 19941214
<IMS-HEADER>0000795403-94-000019.hdr.sgml : 19941214
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000795403-94-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941118
ITEM INFORMATION:		Acquisition or disposition of assets
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941205
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WATTS INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000795403
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3490
		IRS NUMBER:				042916536
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14787
		FILM NUMBER:		94563341

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 CHESTNUT ST
		CITY:			NORTH ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01845
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5086881811

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		815 CHESTNUT STREET
		CITY:			NORTH ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01845
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest 
event reported): November 18, 1994

WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-14787 04-2916536 
(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer
of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

815 Chestnut Street, North Andover, Massachusetts 01845 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:(508) 688-1811

N/A 
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Item 2. Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

Watts Industries, Inc. (the "Company") has completed four 
acquisitions since July 15, 1994, none of which individually is deemed 
significant for purposes of Regulation S-X of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and none of which individually required the filing 
by the Company of a Current Report on 
Form 8-K.

Tanggu Watts.

On July 15, 1994, Watts Investment Company, a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company, acquired a controlling 60% equity interest 
in Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company Limited ("Tanggu Watts"). Tanggu 
Watts, which is a Chinese limited liability equity joint venture, was 
formed with Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant ("Tanggu Valve"), a manufacturer 
of butterfly valves and other valve products located in Tianjin, 
People's Republic of China. 

The total registered capital invested in Tanggu Watts by both the 
Company and Tanggu Valve was RMB 123,000,000 (Chinese Renminbi), which 
is equal to approximately US$14,100,000. Of this amount, the Company 
has contributed cash in the approximate amount of US$8,500,000 which is 
equal to approximately RMB 73,800,000 or 60% of the total registered 
capital. The Company's source of capital to finance this acquisition 
was from existing cash balances. Tanggu Valve contributed machinery 
and equipment, a land development fee, technology and certain inventory 
in the amount of RMB 49,200,000, which is equal to approximately 
US$5,600,000 or 40% of the total registered capital. 

Tanggu Watts, which maintains its headquarters and manufacturing 
operations in Tianjin, People's Republic of China, will manufacture 
butterfly, globe and check valves for the water distribution and 
industrial markets in the People's Republic of China, the United 
States, Europe, Australia and Southeast Asia. The Company intends that 
Tanggu Watts will continue to use the assets of Tanggu Watts within the 
same industry, as described in the immediately preceding sentence, as 
they were used by Tanggu Valve prior to the formation of the joint 
venture. Tanggu Valve's sales for the twelve-month period ended 
December 31, 1993 were approximately the equivalent of US$8,000,000.

Jameco.

On July 28, 1994, Jameco Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned 
indirect subsidiary of the Company, acquired from certain individual 
and trust stockholders all of the issued and outstanding capital stock 
of Jameco Industries, Inc., a New York corporation ("Jameco"), for a 
price of $29,503,030 (of which approximately $25 million was paid in 
cash at closing and $3.75 million in cash was deposited into and is 
still being held in an interest-bearing escrow account and the 
remaining amount was deducted from the total price as a result of 
amounts owed to Jameco by one of the selling stockholders). The money 
held in the escrow account will be paid pursuant to and in accordance 
with terms of the Escrow Agreement, attached as an exhibit to Exhibit 
2.2 hereto, to secure the payment of claims for indemnification made 
against the three principal selling stockholders. Jameco had 
approximately $13 million of outstanding bank debt that remains 
outstanding. The Company's source of capital to finance this 
acquisition was from existing cash balances.

The acquisition also included the purchase by the Company of the 
parcel of land, together with the buildings and improvements thereon, 
on which the facilities of Jameco are situated for an additional cash 
payment of $5.3 million. Prior to its acquisition by the Company, the 
land was owned indirectly by two of the principal selling stockholders 
of Jameco.

Jameco, headquartered in Wyandanch, New York, is a manufacturer of 
metal and plastic water supply products including valves, tubular 
products and sink strainers that are sold primarily to the residential 
construction and home repair and remodeling markets in the United 
States and overseas. Jameco's sales for the twelve-month period ended 
June 30, 1994 were approximately $56 million. The Company intends to 
continue to use the assets of Jameco within the same industry in which 
they were used prior to the acquisition.

Cryolab.

On August 4, 1994, Circle Seal Controls, Inc., a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company, acquired substantially all of the assets, 
subject to certain liabilities, of the Cryolab product line (the 
"Cryolab Business") of SAES Pure Gas, Inc. ("SAES") for a cash price of 
$886,122 paid at closing. The Company's source of capital to finance 
this acquisition was from existing cash balances.

The assets acquired, which included inventory, raw materials, 
patterns, drawings, toolings, dies, machinery and equipment, goodwill 
and certain intellectual property rights, were used by SAES to 
manufacture and sell cryogenic valves to control the flow of gases and 
liquids exhibiting a temperature of -100 degrees fahrenheit and lower. 
The products made in the Cryolab Business include globe, "Y", angle, 
vacuum-jacketed, extended stem, and vacuum seal-off type valves and 
operators. The Company intends to use the assets of the Cryolab 
Business in the existing cryogenic valve business of Circle Seal 
Controls, Inc., which is located in Corona, California. SAES's sales 
from the Cryolab Business for the twelve-month period ended December 
31, 1993 were approximately $1,500,000. 

Pibiviesse.

On November 18, 1994, two wholly owned indirect subsidiaries of 
the Company acquired from Philabel International NV all of the issued 
and outstanding capital stock of Philabel NV, a Dutch holding company 
owning all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Pibiviesse 
S.p.A. ("PBVS"), an Italian valve manufacturing company located in 
Milan, Italy, for a price of 29,827,193,801 Italian Lire (approximately 
US$18.5 million), 90% of which was paid at closing and all or a portion 
of the balance to be paid within 4 months of the closing based on a 
post-closing determination of the balance sheet of PBVS as of the 
closing date, plus certain contingent deferred payments that may become 
payable in the future. The contingent deferred payments become payable 
upon achievement of a number of different benchmarks for gross revenues 
of PBVS during the three-year period ending December 31, 1997 and could 
equal a maximum of 6,000,000,000 Italian Lire (approximately US$3.7 million) 
in the aggregate if all of the specified benchmarks are achieved.

PBVS manufactures ball and gate valves for the oil and gas 
markets. The Company intends to continue to use the assets of PBVS 
within the same industry in which they were used prior to the 
acquisition. Sales for PBVS for the twelve-month period ended June 30, 
1994 were approximately US$34,000,000. 

The Company's sources of capital to finance this acquisition were 
existing cash balances and a draw down of a portion of the Company's 
unsecured line of credit for $125,000,000 with the First National Bank 
of Boston.

Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial 
Information and Exhibits.

(a) Financial Statements of 
Businesses Acquired. Not applicable.

(b) At the time of the filing of this Form 8-K, it is 
impracticable for the Company to provide the pro 
forma financial information relating to the 
acquisition by the Company of Tanggu Watts, 
Jameco, Cryolab and PBVS. Such financial 
information will be filed by amendment not later than 
February 3, 1995, in accordance with Item 7, paragraph 
(b)(2) of Form 8-K.

(c) Exhibits. 

*2.1 Joint Venture Contract, dated 
as of June 27, 1994, by and between 
Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant and Watts 
Investment Company.

*2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated 
as of July 28, 1994, by and between 
Jameco Acquisition Corp. and Harry 
Lipman, Michael Lipman, Walter Lipman, 
Sidney Greenberg, David Chasin, Kenneth 
S. Lipman, Peter A. Lipman, Ethel S. 
Lipman, Gloria Lipman, Walter Lipman 
Trust for the Benefit of Ilene Burstein, 
Walter Lipman Trust for the Benefit of 
Staci Burstein and Walter Lipman Trust 
for the Benefit of Joshua Burstein.

*2.3 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated 
as of August 4, 1994, by and between 
Circle Seal Controls, Inc. and SAES Pure 
Gas, Inc.

*2.4 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated 
as of November 18, 1994, by and between 
Watts Industries Europe BV, KF Industries 
Europe BV, Philabel International NV, 
Antonio Vienna, and G.I.V.A. S.p.A.

* The Company will supply the Commission upon 
request with copies of any schedules to Exhibits 
2.1, 2.2, 2.3, and 2.4 which are not included 
herein.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its 
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.

By:/s/ William C. McCartney
William C. McCartney,
Vice President of 
Finance

Date: December 5, 1994
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>
_________________________

JOINT VENTURE CONTRACT
_________________________

BY AND BETWEEN

__________________________________________________

TIANJIN TANGGU VALVE PLANT

AND

WATTS INVESTMENT COMPANY

__________________________________________________

_________________________

RELATING TO THE ESTABLISHMENT OF
TIANJIN TANGGU WATTS VALVE COMPANY LIMITED

_________________________

DATED JUNE 27, 1994

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS 1

ARTICLE 2 - PARTIES TO THE CONTRACT 4

ARTICLE 3 - ESTABLISHMENT OF THE JOINT VENTURE COMPANY 6

ARTICLE 4 - THE PURPOSE AND SCOPE OF PRODUCTION AND OPERATION 8

ARTICLE 5 - TOTAL AMOUNT OF INVESTMENT AND REGISTERED CAPITAL 8

ARTICLE 6 - RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTIES 17

ARTICLE 7 - PURCHASE OF PARTY A'S INVENTORY AND CONTRIBUTION 
OF ASSETS 19

ARTICLE 8 - TECHNOLOGY AND TECHNICAL SERVICES 21

ARTICLE 9 - SALE OF JOINT VENTURE PRODUCTS 23

ARTICLE 10 - BOARD OF DIRECTORS 24

ARTICLE 11 - OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT 28

ARTICLE 12 - BUILDINGS AND LAND 31

ARTICLE 13 - TRADEMARKS 34

ARTICLE 14 - SUPPLY AND PURCHASE OF RAW MATERIALS AND SERVICES 34

ARTICLE 15 - LABOR MANAGEMENT 35

ARTICLE 16 - FINANCIAL AFFAIRS AND ACCOUNTING 37

ARTICLE 17 - TAXATION AND INSURANCE 42

ARTICLE 18 - CONFIDENTIALITY 43

ARTICLE 19 - THE JOINT VENTURE TERM 45

ARTICLE 20 - TFRMINATION, BUY-OUT AND LIQUIDATION PROCEDURES 46

ARTICLE 21 - FORCE MAJEURE 50

ARTICLE 22 - SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES 51

ARTICLE 23 - EXPERT PROCEDURES 53

ARTICLE 24 - APPLICABLE LAW 54

ARTICLE 25 - MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 55

SIGNATURES 

LIST OF EXHIBITS

Exhibit A - Articles of Association

Exhibit B - List of PARTY A's Contribution of Machinery, Equipment and 
Inventory

Exhibit C - Agreement Regarding Land Use Rights

Exhibit D - Technology License Contract between the Company and PARTY A

Exhibit E - Technology License Contract between the Company and PARTY B

Exhibit F - Trademark License Contract between the Company and PARTY B

Exhibit G - Plant Services Contract between the Company and PARTY A

Exhibit H - Export Distributor Contract between the Company and Party B

Exhibit I - Buildings Lease Contract

JOINT VENTURE CONTRACT

THIS CONTRACT is made in the People's Republic of China on 
this 27th day of June, 1994, by and between TIANJIN TANGGU 
VALVE PLANT a legal person duly organized and existing under the 
laws of the People's Republic of China and having its registered 
address at 5 Yongtai Road, Tanggu, Tianjin, the People's Republic of 
China ("PARTY A") and WATTS INVESTMENT COMPANY, a company 
duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, 
United States of America, and having its head office at 715 King 
Street, Suite 300, Wilmington, Delaware, United States of America 
19801 ("PARTY B").

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

After friendly consultations conducted in accordance with the 
principle of equality and mutual benefit, PARTY A and PARTY B have 
agreed to establish a limited liability equity joint venture in 
accordance with the Law of the People's Republic of China on Joint 
Ventures Using Chinese and Foreign Investment (the "Joint Venture 
Law"), the Implementing Regulations issued thereunder (the "Joint 
Venture Regulations") and the provisions of this Contract.

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS

Unless the terms or context of this Contract otherwise 
provides, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below:

1.01 "Affiliate" means any company which, through ownership 
of voting stock or otherwise, directly or indirectly, is controlled by, 
under common control with, or in control of a PARTY; the term 
"control" being used in the sense of power to elect a majority of 
directors or to direct the management of a company.

1.02 "Approval Authority" shall mean the Ministry of 
Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation or the local authority 
designated by such Ministry to approve this Contract and the Central 
and Municipal agencies as may be necessary to implement the 
provisions of this Contract and any ancillary contracts referred to 
herein.

1.03 "Articles of Association" shall mean the Articles of 
Association of the Company as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

1.04 "Board" shall mean the board of directors of the 
Company.

1.05 "Business License" shall mean the business license of the 
Company issued by the SAIC following approval of this Contract.

1.06 "China or "PRC" shall mean the People's Republic of 
China (and will refer to the Chinese Mainland only).

1.07 "Company" shall mean Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve 
Company Limited, a joint venture limited liability company formed by 
the PARTIES pursuant to this Joint Venture Contract, the Joint 
Venture Law, the Joint Venture Regulations, and other relevant 
Chinese laws.

1.08 "Contributed Assets" shall mean those assets contributed 
by PARTY A pursuant to Article 5.03(a) and which are more 
particularly described in Exhibit B.

1.09 "Effective Date" shall mean the effective date of this 
Contract, which date shall be the date on which all of the following 
conditions have been fulfilled:

(a) Agreement and Articles. This Contract and the 
Articles of Association have been approved by the Approval Authority 
without any additional or different conditions being imposed; and

(b) Business License. The Business License has been 
issued by the SAIC, reflecting the status and structure of the 
Company as described herein, without any additional or different 
conditions being imposed.

1.10 "Joint Venture Products" shall mean valve products 
including center line wafer type butterfly valves, large rubber-seated 
butterfly valves, high performance butterfly valves, above ground and 
underground valves, gate valves, check valves, small high pressure 
ball valves, large rubber-seated ball valves, and other valves used in 
gas, liquid, water pipelines, mud and paper-making industries.

1.11 "Joint Venture Term" shall mean the term of the 
Company as set forth in Article 19 hereof.

1.12 "Land" shall mean the land more particularly described in 
Exhibit C and located at 5 Yongtai Road, Tanggu, Tianjin 
Municipality, The People's Republic of China.

1.13 "Management Personnel" shall mean and include the 
General Manager, Executive Vice General Manager, Vice General 
Manager, Production Manager, Financial Controller, Marketing 
Manager, Production Engineer, Auditor and such other personnel 
designated as Management Personnel by the Board.

1.14 "PARTY" or "PARTIES" means PARTY A and PARTY B 
individually or collectively.

1.15 "Renminbi" or "RMB" shall mean the lawful currency of China.

1.16 "SAEC" means the State Administration of Exchange 
Control of China and/or its local branches as appropriate to the 
context.

1.17 "SAIC" means the State Administration of Industry and 
Commerce of China and/or its local branches as appropriate to the 
context.

1.18 "United States Dollars", "U.S. Dollars" and "US$" shall 
mean the lawful currency of the United States of America.

1.19 "Working Personnel" shall mean the employees of the 
Company except the Management Personnel.

ARTICLE 2 - PARTIES TO THE CONTRACT

2.01 The Parties

The PARTIES to this Contract are:

(a) PARTY A, Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant, registered in 
Tanggu District, Tianjin, with its registered address at 5 Yongtai 
Road, Tanggu, Tianjin, the People's Republic of China.

Legal Representative: Han You Sheng
Position: President
Nationality: Chinese

(b) PARTY B, Watts Investment Company, a company 
registered in the state of Delaware, United States of America with its 
head office at 715 King Street, Suite 300, Wilmington, Delaware, 
United States of America 19801.

Legal Representative: David A. Bloss, Sr.
Position: Executive Vice President
Nationality: U.S.A.

2.02 Authority

Each PARTY hereby represents and warrants to the other 
PARTY that, as of the date hereof and as of the Effective Date:
(a) such PARTY is duly organized, validly existing and 
in good standing under the laws of the place of its establishment or 
incorporation;

(b) such PARTY has all requisite power, authority and 
authorization required to enter into this Contract and, upon the 
Effective Date, will have all requisite power, authority and 
authorization to perform fully each and every one of its obligations 
hereunder;

(c) such PARTY has taken all actions necessary to 
authorize it to enter into this Contract and such PARTY 
representative whose signature is affixed hereto is fully authorized to 
sign this Contract, and to bind such PARTY thereby;
(d) upon the Effective Date, this Contract shall 
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such PARTY;
(e) neither the execution of this Contract, nor the 
performance of such PARTY's obligations hereunder, will conflict 
with, or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any 
provision of the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of such PARTY, 
or any law, rule, regulation, authorization or approval of any 
government agency or body, or of any contract or agreement to which 
it is a party or subject;
(f) there is no lawsuit, arbitration, or legal, 
administrative or other proceeding or governmental investigations 
pending or, to the best knowledge of such PARTY, threatened against 
such PARTY with respect to the subject matter of this Contract; and
(g) that all documents and information which is 
provided to the other PARTY must be authentic, accurate and reliable 
and will not have an adverse affect on such PARTY in performing its 
obligations under this Contract.

ARTICLE 3 - ESTABLISHMENT OF THE JOINT VENTURE COMPANY

3.01 Establishment of the Company

The PARTIES hereby agree to establish the Company promptly 
after the Effective Date in accordance with the Joint Venture Law, the 
Joint Venture Regulations and the provisions of this Contract.

3.02 Name and Address of the Company; Branches

(a) Name. The name of the Company shall be: 
"[CHINESE SYMBOLS]" in Chinese, and "Tianjin Tanggu Watts 
Valve Company Limited" in English. At the expiration or 
termination of this Contract, the Company shall forthwith change its 
name by removing therefrom the trade names "Watts" and 
"[CHINESE SYMBOLS]" without replacing them or any parts thereof 
by any similar words or expressions. Similarly, notwithstanding 
anything in this Contract to the contrary, should PARTY B's 
participation in the registered capital of the Company at any time 
during the existence of this Contract fall below 50%, the Company 
shall forthwith change its name if requested by PARTY B in the same 
manner as provided above. PARTY A in any case undertakes not to 
continue or take over the Company's business using the trade name 
"Watts" or "[CHINESE SYMBOLS]" or any parts thereof or any similar 
words or expressions.

(b) Address. The legal address of the Company shall be 5 Yongtai Road, 
Tanggu District, Tianjin, the People's Republic of China.

(c) Branches. The Company may establish necessary branch offices inside 
of China with the approval of the 
Board and the relevant authority in the location of the proposed 
branch.

3.03 Limited Liability Company

The form of organization of the Company shall be a limited 
liability company. Except as otherwise provided herein, once a 
PARTY has paid in full its contribution to the registered capital of the 
Company, it shall not be required to provide any further funds to or 
on behalf of the Company by way of capital contribution, loan, 
advance, guarantee or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided 
pursuant to written agreement signed by the PARTY to be charged, 
creditors of the Company shall have recourse only to the assets of 
the Company and shall not seek repayment from any PARTY. The 
Company shall indemnify the PARTIES against any and all losses, 
damages or liability suffered by the PARTIES in respect of third-party 
claims arising out of the operation of the Company. Subject to the 
above, the profits, risks and losses of the Company shall be shared 
by the PARTIES in proportion to and limited by their respective 
contributions to the Company's registered capital.

3.04 Laws and Decrees

The Company shall be a legal person under the laws of China. 
The activities of the Company shall be governed and protected by the 
relevant published and publicly available laws, decrees, rules and 
regulations of China.

ARTICLE 4 - THE PURPOSE AND SCOPE
OF PRODUCTION AND OPERATION

4.01 Purpose and Scope of the Company

(a) Purpose. The Company shall adopt advanced technology and scientific 
management methods with the aim to earn lawful profits, gain a 
competitive position in the market and make a contribution to the people 
of China.

(b) Scope. The scope of the Company is to manufacture, distribute, and 
sell Joint Venture Products.

ARTICLE 5 - TOTAL AMOUNT OF INVESTMENT AND
REGISTERED CAPITAL

5.01 Total Investment. The Company's total investment shall be 
Two Hundred and Twenty Nine Million Eight Hundred and Ninety Thousand 
Renminbi (RMB 229,890,000).

5.02 Registered Capital. The Company's registered capital 
shall be One Hundred and Twenty Three Million Renminbi (RMB 
123,000,000).

5.03 Contribution to Capital

(a) The contribution to the registered capital of the 
Company subscribed by PARTY A shall be Forty Nine Million Two 
Hundred Thousand Renminbi (RMB 49,200,000), representing a forty 
percent (40%) share of the registered capital of the Company.

PARTY A's contribution shall consist of:

(i) Machinery and equipment as more particularly described in the list set 
forth as Exhibit B which, based on the results of evaluation, the 
PARTIES agree is valued at Twenty Seven Million Two Hundred and Ninety 
Five Thousand Renminbi (RMB 27,295,000);

(ii) land development fee which, based on the results of evaluation, the 
PARTIES agree are valued at Sixteen Million Four Hundred and Forty Nine 
Thousand Renminbi (RMB 16,449,000);

(iii)Technology as more particularly described in Exhibit D which, based 
on the results of evaluation, the PARTIES agree is valued at Three 
Million Five Hundred and Thirty Seven Thousand Renminbi 
(RMB 3,537,000); and
(iv) Inventory to be selected from the finished goods in PARTY A's total 
inventory up to a cost value of One Million Nine Hundred and Nineteen 
Thousand Renminbi (RMB 1,919,000).

(b) The contribution to the registered capital of the Company subscribed 
by PARTY B shall be Eight Million Four Hundred Eighty Thousand United 
States Dollars (US$8,480,000), equivalent to Seventy Three Million Eight 
Hundred Thousand Renminbi (RMB 73,800,000) and representing a sixty 
percent (60%) share of the registered capital of the Company.

(c) The capital contributions which shall be made by PARTY A and PARTY B 
shall be used by the Company only in the implementation of this 
Contract. Except as otherwise provided herein and in the Technology 
License attached as Exhibit E, all of the items contributed by the 
PARTIES to the Company shall remain the property of the Company 
throughout the entire term of this Contract.

5.04 Payment of Registered Capital and Conditions Precedent Thereto

(a) Subject to Article 5.04 (b) below, each PARTY shall pay into the Company 
the capital contribution subscribed by it as follows: one third of each 
PARTY's capital contribution shall be contributed within a (30) days 
after the Effective Date; an additional one third shall be contributed 
within sixty (60) days of the Effective Date; and the final one third 
shall be deposited within ninety (90) days of the Effective Date.

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the PARTIES' obligations to make their 
respective contribution to the Company's registered capital shall not 
arise until each of the following conditions has been fulfilled:

(i) approval of the following, if necessary, has been obtained from the 
Approval Authority or other relevant authorities:

(1) This Contract, the Articles of Association attached hereto as Exhibit A, 
and theFeasibility Study; and

(2) the Technology License Contract to be executed by the Company and 
Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant in the form set forth in Exhibit D 
attached hereto and made a part hereof, and

(3) the Technology License Contract to be executed by the Company and 
Watts Investment Company in the form set forth in Exhibit E attached 
hereto respectively and made a part hereof; and

(4) the Trademark License Contract to be executed by the Company and Watts 
Investment Company in the form set forth in Exhibit F attached hereto 
and made a part hereof, 

(ii) the issuance of the Company's Business License (with a scope of 
business as set forth in Article 4.01 hereof);

(iii)the Company has submitted an application to the Tianjin Commission 
of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation for designation as a 
"Technologically Advanced Enterprise"; and

(iv) the Company has received a land use rights certificate from the 
relevant governmental authorities evidencing the Company's right to 
the exclusive possession, use and enjoyment of the Land for the full 
scope of operation specified in Article 4.01 for the Joint Venture Term.

5.05 Late Contribution to Registered Capital Subject to Article 5.04 (b) , 
any delay in payment of either PARTY's contribution in accordance with 
Article 5.04 (a) shall result in a payment of penalty to the Company 
equal to 1% of the relevant PARTY's total contribution for that month 
or part thereof that the delay in payment continues.

5.06 Investment Certificate

After each PARTY's contribution to the registered capital has 
been made in full, an independent Chinese registered accountant 
appointed by the Company in accordance with this Contract shall 
verify the contribution and issue a contribution verification report to 
the Company. Thereupon, the Company shall issue within sixty (60) 
days after the payment of the contribution an investment certificate 
to each PARTY signed by the Chairman of the Board. Each 
investment certificate shall indicate on its face the amount of the 
capital contribution evidenced thereby and a copy shall be submitted 
to the Approval Authority for the record. The Board shall request the 
Financial Controller to maintain a register identifying the investment 
certificates that have been issued to the PARTIES.
5.07 Additional Financing

(a) Any additional capital investment in excess of the registered capital 
or additional required working capital, may be obtained in the form of 
loans to the Company from Chinese or foreign sources. As a general 
principle and subject to Board approval, borrowings of the Company, if 
any, shall be secured by the tangible assets of the Company.

(b) Interest on loans incurred by the Company shall be debited as a 
financing cost of the Company.
(c) Except for the portion of working capital (i) to be provided by the 
PARTIES as capital contribution or (ii) from bank loans received by the 
Company, additional operating funds may be obtained principally from 
net revenues generated by sales of the Company or as agreed to by the 
Board of Directors.
5.08 Transfer or Assignment of Register

(a) General Principle. Each PARTY hereto undertakes to the other PARTY 
that, except as permitted in this Article 5.08, it shall not:

(i) transfer, assign, sell or otherwise dispose of the legal or beneficial 
ownership of; or

(ii)create any mortgage, charge, pledge, or other encumbrance over either 
the whole or any part of its interest in the Company's registered 
capital ("Interest") or its rights, obligations and benefits under this 
Contract.

(b) Transfers to Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either of the 
PARTIES ("Transferor Party") may transfer its Interest to its affiliates 
("Transferee Affiliates") on giving thirty (30) days' prior written 
notice to the other PARTY.

The PARTIES hereby agree that in any such transfer between a Transferor 
Party and its Transferee Affiliates, the other PARTY shall:

(i) waive any pre-emptive rights to purchase the Transferor Party's 
Interest;

(ii) upon the request of the Transferor Party, give its written consent to 
such transfer; and

(iii) cause its directors on the Board to vote in favor of a resolution 
approving such transfer.

(c) Transfers to Third Parties. A Transferor Party shall have the right to 
transfer its Interest to a non-Affiliate third party ("Third-Party 
Transferee") provided:

(i) the Transferor Party first offers to transfer its Interest to the other 
PARTY ("Non-transferring Party") in accordance with the preemption 
procedures set out in Article 5.08(d) below and the Non-transferring 
Party has declined to exercise its rights thereunder;
(ii) the Non-transferring Party has given its consent to the transfer in 
writing to the Transferor Party; and

(iii)the Board has unanimously passed a written resolution approving the 
transfer.
(d) Pre-emptive Rights. Where a Transferor Party desires to transfer its 
Interest to a Third-Party Transferee, the Non-transferring Party shall 
have a preemptive right to purchase or acquire such Interest in 
accordance with, the provisions of this Article 5.08(d). In any 
proposed transfer to a Third-Party Transferee, the Transferor Party 
shall provide written notice (the "Disposal Notice") to the 
Non-transferring Party setting forth the identity of the 
Third-Party Transferee, the amount of consideration to be paid and 
other particulars of the proposed transfer. By written notice to the 
Transferor Party within sixty (60) days from the date of the Disposal 
Notice, the Non-transferring Party shall have the right, but not the 
obligation, to either:
(i) acquire the Transferor Party's interest under the same terms and 
conditions and for the same consideration offered to the Third-Party 
Transferee; or

(ii) introduce a new party or parties of its choice ("Substitute Party or 
Parties") to acquire such interest from the Transferor Party under the 
same terms and conditions and for the same consideration offered to the 
Third-Party Transferee.

(e) Pre-emptive Rights. If the terms and conditions of a proposed 
assignment described in a Disposal Notice do not provide 
a purchase price or provide a purchase price which is not payable 
entirely in cash, then the Non-transferring Party, or the Substitute 
Party or Parties, shall have a pre-emptive right of purchase 
exercisable in the same manner as provided in Article 5.08(d) for a 
purchase price equivalent to the open market value of the Company 
allocated on a pro-rata basis to the Transferor Party's interest. For 
purposes of this Article, the "open market value" of the Company 
shall be determined by the PARTIES or, if the PARTIES are unable to 
agree on such value within a (30) days of the date of the Disposal 
Notice, by an Expert as defined in Article 23. The expenses of such 
Expert shall be bore equally by the PARTIES.

(f) Disposal. If the Non-transferring Party, or the Substitute Party or 
Parties, fails to exercise the pre-emptive right as aforesaid, the 
Transferor Party may, subject to the consent of the Non-transferring 
Party and the decision of the Board, assign, sell or otherwise dispose 
of all or part of its Interest for a purchase price equal or greater to 
that described in the Disposal Notice to a third party.

(g) Third Party to be Bound by Contract. Subject to this Article 5.08, in 
the event of a sale, assignment or other disposition of the Transferor 
Party's interest, any purchaser, transferee or assignee shall together 
with the remaining PARTY or PARTIES execute such documents as are 
necessary to make such third party bound by the terms of this Contract.
(h) Continued Operation. In the event that PARTY B, or a Substitute Party 
or Parties, acquire PARTY A's interest and as a consequence the Company 
is no longer a Sino-foreign equity joint venture, PARTY A shall assist 
and support PARTY B in seeking the necessary approvals to allow PARTY B 
to continue operations of the Company as a wholly foreign-owned 
enterprise or otherwise.

(i) Approval. Any sale or assignment pursuant to this Article shall be 
submitted to the Approval Authority for examination and approval. 
Upon receipt of the approval of the Approval Authority, the Company 
shall register the change in ownership with the SAIC.

(j) Confidentiality. Notwithstanding the assignment of the registered 
capital pursuant to this Article, the PARTIES agree they will not be 
relieved of their confidentiality obligations under Article 18 hereof. 
The -above-mentioned confidentiality obligations shall remain in effect 
for twenty (20) years following the effective date of such assignment.

5.09 Increase of Registered Capital

(a) Any increase in the registered capital of the Company shall be 
contributed by the PARTIES in accordance with the ratio of each PARTY's 
share of the registered capital at the time of such increase and within 
the limit and in the form specified by the Board for such increase. 
In the event of either PARTY refusing or failing to contribute to the 
increase in the capital in full or in part, the same could be 
contributed by the other PARTY in addition to its respective share of 
the increase within the total increase in capital approved by the Board 
with the resultant changes in the proportions of the interests of each 
PARTY in the registered capital of the Company.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract, in the event that 
PARTY B wishes to increase its share of the registered capital, PARTY A 
shall have the right to make additional contributions in accordance 
with the ratio of their interest of the registered capital at the time 
of such increase and within the limit and in the form specified by 
PARTY B, provided, however, that should either PARTY refuse or fail to 
contribute to an increase in accordance with this Article 5.09(b), the 
other PARTY shall be permitted to contribute to such increase with the 
resultant changes in the proportions of the interest of each PARTY in 
the registered capital of the Company. The PARTIES shall cause 
their directors on the Board of Directors to vote in favor of an 
increase in capital under this Article 5.09(b).

ARTICLE 6 - RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE PARTIES

6.01 Responsibilities of PARTY A

In addition to its other obligations under this Contract, PARTY 
A shall be responsible for the following matters:

(a) Approvals. Assist the Company in obtaining (1) the right to use the 
Land and Buildings for the Joint Venture Term, and (2) the approvals, 
permits and licenses necessary for the establishment and operation of 
the Company and the manufacture, distribution and sale of the Joint 
Venture Products; (b) Tax Treatment. Assist the Company in applying 
for and obtaining the most favorable tax and customs duty 
reductions and exemptions and other investment incentives available 
for the Company under the laws of China, Tianjin Municipality or 
other local laws;

(c) Imports. Assist with the procedures for applying for, and procuring 
licenses for the import of machinery and equipment, materials and 
supplies required by the Company and arranging for the transport of 
imported equipment;

(d) Employee Assistance. Assist the foreign or expatriate employees and 
work force of the Company and of the parties with whom it contracts and 
their families, to obtain all entry visas and work permits necessary, 
and arrange boarding, lodging, office space, transportation and medical 
facilities for such persons in Tianjin during the operation of the 
Company;

(e) Bank Accounts. Assist the Company in opening RMB and convertible 
currency bank accounts immediately upon issuance of the Company's 
Business License;

(f) Raw Materials Assist the Company in securing preferential purchasing 
status for purchases of raw materials, machinery and equipment in China, 
including, if necessary, the official allocations of all raw materials 
the Company deems critical at the lowest possible price;

(g) Technologically Advanced Enterprise. Assist the Company in the 
application process for designation as a "Technologically Advanced 
Enterprise" and securing the appropriate confirmation certificate;
(h) Loans. Assist the Company in obtaining RMB loans from local financial 
institutions upon the decision of the Board;

(i) Modifications to Buildings. Assist the Company in organizing, 
preparing and executing the detailed design, construction 
and implementation of modifications and additions to the Buildings 
including the layout of the machinery and equipment in accordance 
with the design program to be provided by PARTY B pursuant to the 
Technology License Contract attached as Exhibit E;

(j) Plant Services. Provide the Company with services as more particularly 
described in the Plant Services Contract attached hereto as Exhibit G 
including use of the clinic, canteen, buses for transportation of 
personnel between their homes and the Company and other personnel 
related services provided by PARTY A to Company's employees; and

(k) Sales Orders. Transfer to the Company any sales orders received by 
PARTY A as of the Effective Date.

6.02 Responsibilities of PARTY B

In addition to its other obligations under this Contract, PARTY 
B shall have the following responsibilities:

(a) Personnel. Assist the Company in recruiting personnel in charge of 
management, technical, engineering, production, finance and quality 
control;

(b) Domestic Materials. Assist the Company in the purchase of the equipment 
and raw materials manufactured in China to ensure they are of the 
proper quantity and quality for the conduct of the Company's business;

(c) Offshore Financing. Assist the Company in arranging offshore financing 
subject to the decision of the Board;

(d) Technology Licence. Perform its obligations under the Technology License 
Contract attached as Exhibit E; and

(e) Export Sales. Use its best efforts to assist the Company to achieve its 
export target of 40%.

6.03 Expenses

In assisting the Company with respect to any matter discussed in Article 
6.01 or 6.02, should either PARTY incur any reasonable expense on behalf 
of the Company, such reasonable expenses will be reimbursed by the 
Company.

ARTICLE 7 - PURCHASE OF PARTY A'S INVENTORY AND
CONTRIBUTION OF ASSETS

7.01 PARTY A's Inventory

Upon the execution of this Contract and subsequent to the 
Effective Date, the Company will purchase selected raw materials, 
finished components in addition to all or a portion of the work in 
progress of PARTY A (the "Inventory") up to a cost value of Forty Five 
Million Renminbi (RMB 45,000,000). The purchase price for the 
Inventory will be the same as PARTY A's cost in manufacturing such 
Inventory.

7.02 Condition Precedent to Purchase

The purchase by the Company of PARTY A's Inventory shall be 
subject to the condition precedent that PARTY A's representations 
and warranties as stated in Article 7.03 below remain as true and 
accurate on the date of the purchase as if such representations and 
warranties were made on the date of purchase. If any of the 
representations or warranties of Article 7.03 concerning the Inventory 
are not true and accurate on the date of purchase, the Company 
may, in addition to whatever other rights it may have, refuse to 
purchase all or a portion of the Inventory.

7.03 PARTY A Representations and Warrants

PARTY A represents and warrants as follows:

(a) PARTY A is the lawful owner of the Contributed Assets and the 
Inventory, which are free and clear of any lien, mortgage or other 
security interests and claims;

(b) PARTY A possesses rights, powers and authorization adequate for it to 
dispose of the Contributed Assets and the Inventory in the manner 
described in this Contract;

(c) there is no ongoing or future legal procedure, lawsuit, arbitration 
procedure, administrative litigation or other government or court order,
interdiction, decision or ruling to which PARTY A is a party or which 
binds or affects the Contributed Assets or the Inventory or is capable 
of so doing;

(d) all information provided to PARTY B concerning the Contributed Assets 
or the Inventory, business, finances and other aspects of business is 
true, accurate and complete in every respect; 

(e) as of the date of this Contract and as of the Effective Date, all of 
the Contributed Assets are in good operating condition, consistent with 
PARTY A's past practices;

(f) as of the Effective Date and as of the date of purchase of the Inventory, 
all the Inventory selected by PARTY B in accordance with this Article 7 
shall be of the quality and standard that is consistent with PARTY A's 
past practices;

(g) PARTY A has conducted its business in compliance with all laws, 
regulations, provisions and orders of any governmental authority with 
jurisdiction over it, its business, finances or operations or its 
property; and

(h) before and after the execution of this Contract, PARTY A has taken and 
shall take all necessary or appropriate actions to cause this Contract 
to be adequately performed in accordance with the terms hereof.

ARTICLE 8 - TECHNOLOGY AND TECHNICAL SERVICES

8.01 Technology License Contract with PARTY A

(a) PARTY A shall license certain proprietary technology to the Company 
in accordance with the Technology License Contract set forth as Exhibit 
D hereto.

(b) The PARTIES shall cause their representatives to execute the Technology 
License Contract between the Company and PARTY A simultaneously with 
the execution of this Contract; provided, however, that such contracts 
will not enter into effect until (i) they have been approved by the 
relevant Approval Authority and (ii) are ratified by the Board of 
Directors after the issuance of the Business License.

8.02 Technology License Contract with PARTY B

(a) PARTY B shall license certain proprietary technology and provide 
technical support and assistance to the Company in accordance with the 
Technology License Contract set forth as Exhibit E hereto.

(b) The PARTIES shall cause their representatives to execute the Technology 
License Contract between the Company and PARTY B simultaneously with 
the execution of this Contract; provided, however, that such contracts 
will not enter into effect until (i) they have been approved by the 
relevant Approval Authority and (ii) are ratified by the Board of 
Directors after the issuance of the Business License. The Parties 
shall cause their Directors on the Board of Directors to vote in favor 
of ratification of the Technology License Contract at the first Board 
meeting.

8.03 Other Products

If the Company decides to produce other products utilizing 
technology possessed by PARTY B not licensed to the Company, the 
technology and know-how for producing such products will be 
obtained from PARTY B through a separate technology license 
agreement or agreements to be mutually negotiated and agreed 
between the Company and PARTY B, subject to any applicable 
provisions of the Technology License Contract to be executed between 
the Company and PARTY B set forth as Exhibit E hereto.

8.04 Technologically Advanced Enterprise

As soon as feasible after issuance of the Business License, the 
Company shall apply to the Approval Authority for certification as a 
"Technologically Advanced Enterprise". The PARTIES agree that the 
Company should qualify itself as a technologically advanced 
enterprise and will therefore exercise their best efforts to obtain such 
status for the Company.

ARTICLE 9 - SALE OF JOINT VENTURE PRODUCTS

9.01 Domestic Sales

The Company, with the assistance of the PARTIES, shall develop effective 
sales channels for the domestic market with the aim of maximizing the 
Company's profitability. Products may be sold for both Renminbi and 
foreign exchange (or any combination thereof) upon approval of the SAEC.
The principles for determining the currency of the Company's sales shall 
be set by the Board, and the sales prices shall be implemented and 
adjusted, as required, by the General Manager.

9.02 International Sales

(a) The Company shall strive to make its products competitive on the 
international market in terms of price, quality and delivery time; 
provided that increasing export sales will be dependent on the Company's 
products meeting international quality standards.

(b) Subject to paragraph (c) below, the Company shall appoint PARTY B as its 
exclusive export distributor for its international sales and shall 
enter into the export distributor contract substantially in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit H. As the exclusive export distributor, 
PARTY B shall make its best efforts to assist the Company in reaching 
its export targets.

(c) The Company may be permitted to act as an export distributor for the 
Company's products with respect to export sales to existing clients or 
customers of PARTY A, under terms and conditions to be agreed upon by 
the Company and PARTY A.

ARTICLE 10 - BOARD OF DIRECTORS

10.01 The Formation of the Board

(a) Composition. The Board shall consist of five (5) directors, two (2) 
of whom shall be appointed by PARTY A and three (3) of whom shall be 
appointed by PARTY B. At the time this Contract is executed and each 
time directors are appointed, each PARTY shall notify the others of the 
names of its appointees.

(b) Term and Replacement. Each director shall be appointed for a term of 
four (4) years and may serve consecutive terms if reappointed by the 
PARTY which originally appointed him. If a seat on the Board is vacated 
by the retirement, resignation, illness, disability or death of a 
director or by the removal of such director by the PARTY which 
originally appointed him, the PARTY which originally appointed such 
director shall appoint a successor to serve out such director's term.

(c) Chairman. The Chairman of the Board shall be appointed by PARTY B, and 
the Vice Chairman shall be appointed by PARTY A. The Chairman of the 
Board shall be the legal representative of the Company. Whenever the 
Chairman of the Board is unable to perform his responsibilities, he 
shall authorize the Vice Chairman to exercise the Chairman's 
responsibilities.

(d) Additional Attendees. Reflecting the importance of close 
communications between the Board and the management of the 
Company, the General Manager may attend Board meetings upon 
invitation of a majority of the Board but shall not vote unless he is a 
director in his own right. Other managers, including the Financial 
Controller, as well as other parties that are not directly related to 
the Company or either PARTY, may attend such meetings upon the 
invitation of a majority of the Board.

10.02 Meetings and Powers of the Board

(a) Powers. The Board shall be the highest authority of the Company. 
It shall discuss and determine all major issues regarding the Company.

(b) Meetings. The first Board meeting shall be held as soon as possible 
within sixty (60) days after the date of issuance of the Business 
License. Thereafter, regular meetings of the Board shall be held at 
least two times each year. Upon the written request of three (3) or 
more of the directors of the Company specifying the matters to be 
discussed, the Chairman of the Board shall call a meeting of the Board.

(c) Notice and Agenda. Board meetings shall be held at the registered 
address of the Company or such other address in China or abroad as may 
be designated by the Chairman. Meetings shall be held on twenty-one 
(21) days notice to the directors if held in China and thirty (30) days 
notice if held abroad, provided that the directors may waive such notice 
by unanimous written consent. A notice of a Board m meeting shall 
cover the agenda, time and place for such meeting. The Chairman of the 
Board shall be responsible for convening and presiding over such 
meetings. The General Manager shall assist the Chairman in preparing an 
agenda for each Board meeting.

(d) Proxies. In case a Board member is unable to participate in a Board 
meeting in person or by telephone, he may issue a proxy and entrust 
another person to participate in the meeting on his behalf. The have 
the same rights and powers as the Board member. A representative shall 
be permitted to serve as a proxy for up to three (3) Board members 
appointed by the same PARTY as such representative. If a Board member 
fails to participate or to entrust another to participate, he will be 
deemed as having waived such right.

(e) Quorum. Four (4) directors present in person, by proxy or by telephone 
shall constitute a quorum which shall be necessary for the conduct of 
business at any meeting of the Board.

(f) Voting. Each director present in person, by proxy or by telephone at 
a meeting of the Board of Directors shall have one vote.

(g) Unanimous Votes. Resolutions involving the following matters may only 
be adopted at a duly constituted and convened meeting of the Board of 
Directors upon the unanimous affirmative vote of each and every director 
of the Board voting in person, by proxy or by telephone at such meeting:

(i) the amendment of the Articles of Association;

(ii) the merger of the Company with another organization;

(iii) termination and dissolution of the Company; and

(iv) the increase or assignment of the Company's registered capital.

(h) Super Majority. Resolutions involving the following major matters may 
only be adopted at a duly constituted and convened meeting of the Board 
of Directors upon the affirmative vote of four (4) directors of the 
Board voting in person, by proxy or by telephone at such meeting:

(i) the formulation of or changes to the management structure of the Company;

(ii) the formulation of policies and plans relating to the recruitment of 
employees, employees wages, welfare and compensation, as well as the 
formulation of labor management rules; and

(iii)the appointment, dismissal, limitations on authority and compensation 
of Management Personnel, except the Executive Vice General Manager.

(i) Simple Majority. Other issues that require resolutions by the Board 
may be raised at a duly convened meeting of the Board and must be 
adopted by the affirmative vote of three (3) of the directors present 
in person, by proxy or by telephone at such meeting where a quorum is 
present.

(j) Action without a Meeting. Any action by the Board may be taken without 
a meeting if all members of the Board consent in writing to such action. 
Such written consent shall be filed with the minutes of the Board 
proceedings and shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous or 
majority vote, as the case may be, taken by members physically present.

(k) Expenses. The Company shall be responsible for the reasonable travel, 
lodging and meal expenses incurred by appointed directors or their proxy 
in attending Board meetings.

ARTICLE 11 - OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT
11.01 Management Procedures and Structures

The policies, structures and procedures concerning operational 
management, sales and marketing, health and safety, 
environmental and technological matters, which may be adopted by 
the Board from time to time shall be developed in consultation with 
PARTY B so as to be generally in accordance with PARTY B's 
practices in its worldwide operations subject to the overall direction 
and approval of the Board.

11.02 Management Organization
The Company shall adopt a management system under 
which the management organization shall be responsible to and 
under the leadership of the Board. All Management Personnel, 
including the General Manager, Executive Vice General Manager, and 
Vice General Manager shall serve at the discretion of the Board. The 
Company shall have a General Manager nominated by PARTY A, an 
Executive Vice General Manager nominated by PARTY B and a Vice 
General Manager nominated by PARTY A and appointed by the Board 
pursuant to a duly adopted resolution. The terms of office of the 
General Manager, Executive Vice General Manager and Vice General 
Manager shall be as determined by the Board. The General 
Manager, Executive Vice General Manager and Vice General Manager 
may be dismissed only by a resolution of the Board of Directors. If it 
becomes necessary, due to dismissal or resignation, to replace the 
General Manager, Executive Vice General Manager or Vice General 
Manager, PARTY A shall nominate the General Manager's 
replacement, PARTY B shall nominate the Executive Vice General 
Manager's replacement and PARTY A shall nominate the Vice General 
Manager's replacement for appointment by the Board.

11.03 Responsibilities and Powers of the General Manager

The duties of the General Manager shall consist of carrying out 
the decisions of the Board and organizing and directing the day-to-
day operation and management of the Company in accordance with 
the modern management practices and structures as determined by 
the Board. Within the scope granted by the Board, the General 
Manager will represent the Company in external matters and, within 
the Company, he will appoint and dismiss personnel subordinate to 
himself and exercise other functions and powers granted him by the 
Board.

11.04 Management Personnel

(a) Other Management Personnel. The Company shall have such number and 
types of other Management Personnel as determined by the General Manager 
and approved by the Board to be necessary or advisable to implement the 
modern management practices and structures determined by the Board. 
All Management Personnel shall be responsible to and under the direction 
of the General Manager.

(b) Salaries. The salaries and other remuneration of the Management 
Personnel of the Company (including the General Manager) shall be 
determined by the Board in its sole discretion on an individual basis.

11.05 Annual Plans and Budgets

The General Manager, assisted by the other Management Personnel, 
shall be responsible for the preparation of the annual business plan 
and budget of the Company. The annual business plan and budget 
(including the projected balance sheet, profit and loss statement and 
cash transaction report) for each fiscal year shall be submitted to the 
Board and shall include comprehensive detailed information on:

(a) the procurement of equipment and other assets of the Company;
(b) the raising and application of funds;
(c) plans with respect to production and sale of Joint Venture Products;
(d) the repair and maintenance of the assets and equipment of the Company;
(e) the estimated income and expenditures of the Company covered by the 
production plan and budget;
(f) plans for training the staff and workers of the Company;
(g) wage and salary plans for staff and workers of the Company;
(h) requirements of raw materials, fuel, water, electricity and other 
utilities, and all other inputs for the next year's production;
(i) plans for the proportion of foreign currency sales;
(j) plans for balancing foreign exchange receipts and expenditures; and
(k) any other matter in respect of which the Board may have requested a 
report.
The General Manager shall prepare a monthly management report containing 
such information as shall be requested by the Board.

11.06 Approval and Implementation of Annual Plans and Budgets

The Board shall examine and approve the annual business plan and budget. 
The General Manager, assisted by the other Management Personnel, shall 
be responsible for the implementation of the plan and budget approved 
by the Board.

ARTICLE 12 - BUILDINGS AND LAND
12.01 Description of Location of Buildings

The Buildings, located at 5 Yongtai Road, Tanggu, Tianjin 
Municipality, The People's Republic of China, are more particularly 
described in the Building Lease Contract set forth as Exhibit I.

12.02 Buildings Lease Contract

Simultaneously with the execution of this Contract, the PARTIES will 
cause their representatives to execute the Buildings Lease Contract 
attached hereto as Exhibit I on behalf of the Company; 
provided, however, that such Contract shall not enter into effect until 
ratified by the Board of Directors.

12.03 Land Description

The Land located on the site, which consists of an area of 
63,265.79 square meters at 5 Yongtai Road, Tanggu, Tianjin 
Municipality, the People's Republic of China.

12.04 Land Use Rights

Details and undertakings regarding the land use rights are set 
forth in the "Agreement Regarding Land Use Rights" attached hereto 
as Exhibit C. Within a (30) days after the Effective Date, Party A 
will use its best efforts to complete all necessary formalities 
regarding the transfer of the land use rights to the Company and 
procure on behalf of the Company the "Land Use Rights Certificate for a 
Foreign Invested Enterprise" in the Company's name.

12.05 Representation and Warranties

PARTY A hereby represents and warrants that:

(a) it has acquired and presently possesses the exclusive right to use the 
Buildings for the Joint Venture Term or longer;

(b) except for the land use fees described in Exhibit C, no other fees are 
or will be payable with respect to the Company's use of land for the 
entire Joint Venture Term; any such additional fees will be the 
responsibility of PARTY A and PARTY A shall indemnify and hold harmless 
the Company and PARTY B against any obligation to pay such fees.

(c) upon the Effective Date, the Company will possess the exclusive right 
to use the Buildings and the Land for the Joint Venture Term;

(d) possesses the authority to lease the Buildings to the Company;

(e) the Buildings and Land will be free of defects and free and clear of 
any mortgage, lien or encumbrance;
(f) no government or administrative department, military unit, organization, 
company, or any entity in any form, or any individual, has any right or 
potential right to use, occupy, or control the Buildings and the Land 
or any part thereof or to subject PARTY A's right to use the Buildings 
and the Land to any conditions except for those specified herein.

12.06 Indemnity

(a) With respect to the Buildings and the Land and the operations of 
PARTY A prior to the establishment of the Company at the Buildings and 
the Land, PARTY A shall indemnify and hold harmless PARTY B and the 
Company against all damages, losses, costs, judgments, expenses 
(including reasonable attorney's fees) in connection with:

(i) any operations of PARTY A which resulted in the discharge of air 
pollutants, water pollutants or process wastewater or the disposal of 
solid or hazardous wastes;

(ii) any pollution to the environment or other event, condition or 
circumstance arising before the Effective Date that may interfere with 
the conduct of the Company's business or the Company's compliance with 
any environmental laws or regulations;
(iii) any environmental contamination presently on or arising from the 
Buildings and the Land or failure by PARTY A to have contained 
substances which are or may be harmful to the environment, or which may 
require the Company to undertake any remedial or corrective work; and

(iv) the failure by PARTY A to have obtained all necessary permits, 
environmental clearances and other governmental approvals required for 
the conduct of its operations.

(b) PARTY A shall indemnify and hold harmless PARTY B and the Company 
against all damages, losses, costs, judgments and expenses 
(including reasonable attomey's fees) arising out of or caused by the 
actions or omissions of PARTY A.

12.07 Additional Fees and Taxes

Party A shall bear the costs of any additional fees or taxes imposed in 
connection with the use of the Buildings or the Land apart from the 
fees and taxes specified in Exhibit C, "Agreement Regarding Land Use 
Rights", and Exhibit 1, Buildings Lease Contract.

12.08 Plant Services and Related Fees

PARTY A shall provide certain employee and operating services 
to the Company in accordance with a fee-based Plant Services 
Contract to be executed after the issuance of the Company's 
Business License between the Company and PARTY A. These 
services shall include employee food service, clinic, buses to 
transport employees between their homes and their place of work and 
other services. A list of the services covered will be included as part 
of the Plant Services Contract attached as Exhibit G.

ARTICLE 13 - TRADEMARKS

13.01 Trademark Licenses

Simultaneous with the execution of this Contract, the Company and 
PARTY B shall execute the Trademark License Contract attached as 
Exhibit F, provided that such Contract shall enter into effect only 
after ratification by the Board and after the issuance of the Business 
License. The PARTIES shall cause their Directors on the Board to vote 
in favor of ratification of the Trademark License Contract at the first 
Board meeting. Upon the termination of this Contract, neither the 
Company nor PARTY A shall have any right to use the trademarks licensed 
under such Contract.

ARTICLE 14 - SUPPLY AND PURCHASE OF RAW
MATERIALS AND SERVICES

14.01 Raw Materials and Supplies

It is contemplated by the PARTIES that the raw material, parts, 
means of transportation and other supplies required by the Company 
for the production of Joint Venture Products will be first purchased 
within China provided that such goods are of the requisite quality, 
competitively priced and otherwise meet the requirements of the 
Company.

14.02 Imported Materials, Supplies and Equipment

The Company shall subject to Article 14.01 above have the right to 
import raw materials, machinery, equipment, components, spare parts and 
other supplies in the qualities, quantities and prices necessary for 
the production of Joint Venture Products.

14.03 Domestic Materials and Supplies

Materials, supplies and services purchased by the Company within China 
shall be purchased in Reminbi at either the lowest market price, or the 
prices charged to local state-owned enterprises for purchases of similar 
materials and services.

14.04 Services The Company shall have the right to appoint foreign 
architects, consultants, engineers and contractors to undertake 
relevant work when there are no local companies or individuals qualified 
or available to undertake such work according to the General Manager.

ARTICLE 15 - LABOR MANAGEMENT

15.01 Governing Principle

The General Manager shall formulate a plan for matters concerning the 
recruitment, employment, dismissal, wages, labor insurance, welfare 
benefits, reward and discipline of the workers and staff members of the 
Company in accordance with modem management standards, practices and 
policies determined by the Board, the "Regulations of the People's 
Republic of China on Labor Management in Joint Ventures Using Chinese 
and Foreign Investment ", the "Provisions of the Ministry of Labor and 
Personnel of the People's Republic of China on the Right of Autonomy of 
Enterprises with Foreign Investment in the Hiring of Personnel and 
on Wages, Insurance and Welfare Expenses of Staff and Workers", 
and relevant regulations of Tianjin Municipality. The plan shall be 
submitted for the approval of the Board of Directors.

15.02 Working Personnel

Working Personnel shall be employed by the Company in accordance with 
a labor contract which shall be entered into between the Company and 
each individual worker after the establishment of the Company. Such 
labor contract shall establish all terms governing the employment, 
duties and benefits of that individual. The Board shall approve the 
general form and terms and conditions included in such contracts.

15.03 Management Personnel

Management Personnel shall be employed by the Company in accordance with 
the terms of individual employment contracts. The detailed terms and 
conditions of the employment and compensation of the Management 
Personnel shall be decided by the Board.

15.04 Expatriate Personnel

As the Company's needs require, expatriate Management Personnel and 
senior technical personnel shall be hired by the General Manager after 
approval by the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of PARTY B. 
Such personnel shall enter into individual employment contracts with 
the Company. The PARTIES agree that such expatriate personnel shall 
receive salaries and benefits in accordance with PARTY B's personnel 
policies.

15.05 Conformity with Labor Protection

The Company shall conform to rules and regulations of the Chinese 
government concerning labor protection and ensure safe and civilized 
production. Labor insurance for the working personnel of the Company 
shall be handled in accordance with the relevant regulations of the 
Chinese government.

15.06 Trade Union

To the extent required by law, the Company shall establish a trade union 
to represent the rights and interests of the workers and staff members, 
to mediate disputes between the workers and staff members on the one 
hand and the Company on the other and to protect the lawful interests 
of the workers and staff members. To the extent required by law, the 
Company shall actively support the work of the trade union, provide the 
trade union facilities to conduct union activities and other lawful 
activities after working hours, and allocate trade union funds.

15.07 Trade Union Fund

In accordance with Article 99 of the Joint Venture Regulations, 
the Company shall allot each month two Percent (2%) of the total 
amount of real wages received by the company staff and workers, 
including expatriate employees, for payment into a trade union fund, 
such payments to be an expense of the Company. The trade union 
may use these funds in accordance with the relevant control 
measures of labor union funds formulated by the All China 
Federation of Labor Unions.

ARTICLE 16 - FINANCIAL AFFAIRS AND ACCOUNTING

16.01 Accounting System

(a) Responsibilities. The Financial Controller of the 
Company, under the leadership of the General Manager, shall be 
responsible for the financial management of the Company.

(b) Procedures. The General Manager and the 
Financial Controller shall prepare the accounting system and 
procedures in accordance with the Accounting System of the People's 
Republic of China for Foreign Investment Enterprises, the 
supplementary stipulations promulgated by the Ministry of Finance 
and, to the extent possible, general accepted international accounting 
principles. All vouchers, receipts, statistical statements and reports 
shall be written in Chinese and English concurrently. In addition, 
the Company shall adopt operating and financial policies and 
procedure sand shall prepare periodic reporting of financial 
information in accordance with the requirements of PARTY B.

16.02 Auditing

(a) Company Auditor. The Board shall establish a 
position for a Company Auditor who will be responsible for examining 
and auditing the Company's financial and accounting books and will 
prepare a report for the Board and expenditures the General 
Manager.

(b) Independent Audit. An independent accountant 
registered in China and otherwise qualified to render opinions on the 
compliance by the Company with the accounting standards provided 
herein, shall be engaged by the Board of Directors as the Company's 
auditor to examine and verify the annual report on the final accounts 
("Independent Auditor"). The Company shall submit to the PARTIES 
the annual financial statements (including the audited Profit and 
Loss Account, the Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Balance and Foreign 
Exchange Balance for the fiscal year) within three (3) months after 
the end of the fiscal year, together with the audit report of the 
Chinese registered accountant. The annual financial statements, the 
audit report and the monthly reports shall be prepared in both 
Chinese and English.

(c) Board Review. The Board shall review and approve 
the periodic audits of the accounts. In the event that the Board 
determines that the audits submitted by the Independent Auditor are 
unable to properly meet the standards set forth above, the Board may 
replace the Independent Auditor or retain another auditor at 
Company expense, to supplement or adjust the work of the 
Independent Auditor or to perform specific accounting and auditing 
tasks.

(d) Notwithstanding anything contained in 16.02(a) 
and (b), at PARTY B's cost, PARTY B may at any time, employ a 
foreign auditor or send its internal auditor to examine the records 
and procedures of the Company and PARTY A and the Company shall 
cooperate and use best efforts to assist such auditors.

16.03 Bank Accounts and Foreign Exchange Control

The Company shall separately open foreign exchange accounts 
and Renminbi accounts at banks within or outside China upon 
approval by the relevant authorities. The Company's foreign 
exchange transactions shall be handled in accordance with the 
regulations of China relating to foreign exchange control.

16.04 Foreign Exchange Balance

The Company shall be responsible to maintain a balance in its 
foreign exchange receipts and expenditures. The principal methods 
for balance foreign exchanges will be as follows:

(i) Foreign Currency Sales. The primary means 
for balancing foreign exchange will be through the sale of the 
Joint Venture Products in foreign currency.

(ii) Export of Domestic Product. Subject to the 
approval of the Approval Authority, the Company may 
purchase products domestically in Renminbi and export them 
for foreign currency.

(iii) Other Measures. If the Company is unable 
to balance its foreign exchange using the measures described 
above, the Board of Directors will consider all other methods 
permitted under the laws and regulations of the People's 
Republic of China.

16.05 Fiscal Year

The Company shall adopt the calendar year as its fiscal 
year for Chinese statutory accounting purposes, which shall begin on 
January 1 and end on December 31 of the same year, provided that 
the first fiscal year of the Company shall commence on the date the 
Company receives its Business License, and shall end on the 
immediately succeeding December 31.

16.06 Allocations to Three Funds

To the extent required by law, the Company shall make 
payments in Renminbi into a reserve fund, an enterprise expansion 
fund and a bonus and welfare fund for its workers and staff members 
(the "Three Funds"). The proportion of each year's payments shall be 
discussed and determined by the Board of Directors on the basis of 
the Company's circumstances and in the general interest of the 
Company and its workers; provided, however, that the payments to 
each individual Fund shall not exceed seven percent (7%) of the 
Company's after tax income and the total of the payments to the 
Three Funds shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the Company's 
after-tax income in the relevant year. Plans for the application of 
these Three Funds shall be formulated by the General Manager.

16.07 Profit Distribution

(a) Proportionate Distributions. After required 
allocations, if any, have been made to the Three Funds in accordance 
with Article 16.06, the Board shall determine distribution of profits 
by way of dividend among the PARTIES in proportion to their 
respective shares in the registered capital of the Company and the 
balance of net profits will be retained in the Company and utilized as 
may be decided by the Board from time to time. If the Company 
carries over losses from the previous year, the profit of the current 
year shall first be used to cover such losses. No profit shall be 
distributed unless a prior deficit is made up. The profit retained by 
the Company and carried over from the previous years may be 
distributed together with the distributable profit of the current year, 
or after the deficit of the current year is made up therefrom.

(b) Insufficient Foreign Exchange. In the event that 
there is not sufficient foreign exchange to pay PARTY B's share of 
distributed profits, the Company shall, to the extent of the unpaid 
portion, hold distributed Remninbi profits in trust for PARTY B in a 
special interest bearing account set up for that purpose, when such 
account is available, in satisfaction of the Company's obligation to 
distribute such share of the Company's profit to PARTY B. From and 
after the date on which such account is established, the Company 
shall not withdraw or use the funds therein except upon PARTY B's 
prior written instructions. When the Company obtains foreign 
exchange that is available for distribution to PARTY B pursuant to 
Article 16.07 (a), the Company any interest earned therefrom) with its 
U.S. Dollar equivalent in accordance with the average of the buying 
and selling rates published by the Bank of China at the time of the 
transaction. The Company shall then immediately pay such U.S. 
Dollars to PARTY B. PARTY B may from time to time instruct the 
Company to distribute Renminbi as directed by PARTY B in such 
account for any legal purpose.

(c) Method of Payment. All payments to be 
distributed under this Article 16 shall at the request of the receiving 
PARTY be remitted to an account at a bank specified in advance by 
such PARTY.

ARTICLE 17 - TAXATION AND INSURANCE

17.01 Income Tax, Customs Duties and Other Taxes

(a) Tax Payments. The Company shall pay tax under 
the relevant laws of China and any special tax regulations applicable 
to Tianjin. Chinese and foreign management and working personnel 
shall be periodically reminded to pay their individual income tax in 
accordance with the tax laws of China.

(b) Tax Preference. The Company will use its best 
endeavors to apply for and obtain preferential tax treatment, 
reductions and exemptions, as provided by the relevant regulations. 
Promptly after the execution of this Contract, the PARTIES shall 
submit an application to the Tianjin Municipal Tax Bureau for 
confirmation of the Company's tax treatment.

17.02 Insurance

The Company shall, at its own cost and expense, take out and 
maintain full and adequate insurance of the Company against loss or 
damage by fire and such other risks as may be decided by the Board. 
The property, transportation, product liability and other items of 
insurance of the Company shall be obtained within or outside China, 
subject to any legal restrictions which may apply, and such policies 
will be denominated in Chinese and foreign currencies, as 
appropriate. The types and amounts of insurance coverage shall be 
determined by the Board in accordance with applicable Chinese laws, 
if any.

ARTICLE 18 - CONFIDENTIALITY

18.01 Confidential Information

From time to time and during the term of this Contract, either 
PARTY may disclose to one another whether in writing, orally, 
visually or by any other means, information which is either non-
public, confidential or proprietary in nature. All such information 
disclosed to one PARTY, including to its directors, officers, employees, 
agents or representatives, including attorneys, accountants and 
consultants (collectively, "Representatives"), by the other PARTY or 
any of its Representatives, and all proposals, analyses, studies or 
other documents prepared by either PARTY or its Representatives 
containing or based, in whole or in part, on any such information is 
herein referred to as the "Confidential Information".

18.02 Mutual Obligation

Except as otherwise provided in any Agreement between the 
Company and a PARTY, the receiving PARTY will during the term of 
this Contract and for twenty (20) years after or in the event the 
Company is not established, for 50 years after the date of this 
Contract, keep confidential and will not, without the prior written 
consent of the PARTY originally disclosing the Confidential 
Information, disclose the Confidential Information in whole or in part 
to any third party. The Confidential Information will not be used by 
the PARTY receiving the Confidential Information or its 
Representatives directly or indirectly for any purpose other than 
evaluating and/or in connection with the establishment or operation 
of the Company. The PARTY receiving the Confidential Information 
agrees to transmit the Confidential Information only to those 
Representatives on a need to know basis provided that the Party 
receiving the Confidential Information notifies the PARTY disclosing 
the Confidential Information prior to the disclosure and provided 
further that the Representatives are informed of the confidential 
nature of the Confidential Information. The PARTY receiving 
Confidential Information will be responsible for any breach of this 
Article 18 by any of its Representatives and will indemnify and hold 
harmless the PARTY disclosing the Confidential Information for any 
losses, damages, fees or expenses (including reasonable attomey's 
fees) arising out of or resulting from such breach.

18.03 Return of Confidential Information

The written Confidential Information and all copies thereof will 
be destroyed or returned immediately, without retaining any copies 
thereof, as directed by the PARTY disclosing the Confidential 
Information, if such PARTY is no longer privy to the Contract or upon 
termination of this Contract.

18.04 Disclosure

In the event that the PARTY receiving the Confidential 
Information or its Representative is requested or becomes legally 
compelled to disclose any of the Confidential Information, such 
PARTY will notify the other PARTY promptly in writing so that the 
PARTY which originally disclosed the Confidential Information may 
seek a court order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with
this Article 18; the PARTY who has been requested or who has become legally
compelled to disclose any of the Confidential Information will cooperate
with the other PARTY in such efforts. In the event that a court order or 
other remedy is not obtained, the PARTY who has been compelled to disclose 
Confidential Information will disclose only that portion of the Confidential
Information which is legally required and will exercise its best efforts
to obtain an assurance that the Confidential Information will be treated
confidentially.

18.05 Public Domain

The foregoing obligations of confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-use
shall apply to Confidential Information which:

(a) the PARTY receiving the Confidential Information is already in
possession of such Confidential Information at the time of disclosure,
and which was not acquired directly or indirectly from the PARTY 
disclosing the Confidential Information; or

(b) was in the public domain at the time of disclosure; or

(c) has become part of the public domain by publication through no fault
of the PARTY receiving the Confidential Information.

ARTICLE 19 - THE JOINT VENTURE TERM

19.01 Joint Venture Term

The Joint Venture Term of the Company shall commence on 
the Effective Date and shall expire thirty (30) years therefrom.

19.02 Extension of the Joint Venture Term

Prior to the expiration of the Joint Venture Term, upon the 
agreement of the PARTIES, the Company may apply for an extension 
of up to a (30) years. The PARTIES will notify the Board of their 
desire to extend the term no later than nine (9) months prior to 
expiration of the Joint Venture Term. The PARTIES shall cause their 
directors on the Board to unanimously approve such extension and 
will submit an application for such extension to the Approval 
Authority for approval no less than six (6) months prior to the 
expiration of the Joint Venture Term. PARTY B shall be offered 
terms under an extended term that are no less favorable than the 
terms of this Contract and those being offered at that time to other 
foreign enterprises negotiating joint venture projects in China.

19.03 Failure to Agree on Extension

Upon the expiry of the term of the Company as set out in 
Article 19.01, and any extension thereof under Article 19.02, this 
Contract shall terminate and the provisions of Article 20 hereof shall 
apply.

19.04 Contract to Continue in Force

This Contract shall remain in force for the term of the 
Company and any extension thereof provided that the rights and 
obligations of the PARTIES under Article 18 shall remain in force 
indefinitely notwithstanding expiry of this Contract or liquidation of 
the Company.

ARTICLE 20 - TFRMINATION, BUY-OUT AND
LIQUIDATION PROCEDURES

20.01 Reasons for Termination

A PARTY shall have the right to terminate this Contract by 
written notice to the other PARTY and notify of its desire to 
commence negotiations under Article 20.02 below if the following 
occurs:

(a) Material Breach. If the other PARTY materially 
breaches this Contract or violates the Articles of Association, and 
such breach or violation is not cured within sixty (60) days of written 
notice to the breaching Party;

(b) Liquidation. If the Company or the other PARTY 
becomes bankrupt, or is the subject of proceedings for liquidation or 
dissolution, or ceases to carry on business or becomes unable to pay 
its debts as they become due;

(c) Expropriation. If all or any material part of the 
assets of the Company are expropriated by any government 
authority;

(d) Government Action. If any government authority 
having authority over a PARTY requires any provision of this 
Contract or the Articles of Association to be revised in such a way as 
to cause significant adverse consequences to the Company or any of 
the PARTIES;

(e) Force Majeure. If the conditions or consequences 
of Force Majeure prevail for a period in excess of three (3) consecutive 
complete calendar months and the PARTIES have been unable to find 
an equitable solution pursuant to Article 21.01(d) hereof;

(f) Termination of Related Agreements. If any of the 
Technology License Contract, Trademark License Contract or the 
Export Agency Contract between the Company and PARTY B is 
terminated prior to its scheduled expiration (in which case only 
PARTY B shall have the right to terminate); or

(g) Economic Necessity. If an event described in 
Article 24.02 hereof occurs, or the effects of the market such as 
pricing, competition or cost of materials has an adverse impact and 
the PARTIES do not reach an agreement on economic adjustment 
within sixty (60) days after the initiation of discussions.

20.02 Notification Procedure

In the event that a PARTY gives notice pursuant to Article 
20.01 hereof a desire to terminate this Contract, the PARTIES shall 
within a one-month period after such notice is given commence 
negotiations and endeavor to resolve the reason for notification of 
termination. In the event matters are not resolved to the satisfaction 
of the PARTIES within one month after commencement of 
negotiations or the non-notifying PARTY refuses to commence 
negotiations within the period stated above, the notifying PARTY may 
terminate this Contract by and effective upon giving the other PARTY 
final written notice of termination.

20.03 Buy-Out

(a) In the event that this Contract is terminated 
pursuant to Article 20.01 or for any other reason (whether by the 
expiration of the Joint Venture Term, agreement of the PARTIES or 
otherwise), then any PARTY shall be entitled to withdraw from the 
Joint Venture (the "Withdrawing Party") and the other PARTY (the 
"Acquiring Party") shall have a priority right to purchase the 
Withdrawing Party's interest in the Joint Venture Company's 
registered capital ("Interest"). If desired, the Acquiring Party may 
continue the operations of the Company. For this purpose:

(i) the PARTIES shall agree upon the value of 
the Company and if they are unable to so agree within a (30) 
days such value will be determined within thirty (30) days 
thereafter, at the expense of the Company, on a going concern 
basis, and if the PARTIES are not able to agree, then such 
value shall be determined by an Expert in accordance with 
Article 23;

(ii) the purchase price for the Withdrawing 
Party's Interest shall be equal to that percentage figure which is such 
PARTY's percentage share of the registered capital of the Company 
multiplied by the value of the Company as so agreed upon or 
determined;

(iii) the Withdrawing Party may decline to sell its 
Interest in the Company to the Acquiring Party within fifteen (15) 
days of notification of the value of the Company as determined above.

(b) The full purchase price for the Withdrawing Party's 
Interest shall be paid by the Acquiring Party in United States Dollars. 
Such payment shall be made within sixty (60) days after the PARTIES 
shall have agreed upon the value of the Company or notification of 
the value of the Company as determined by the above-mentioned 
Expert. If PARTY A purchases the Interest of PARTY B the United 
States Dollar purchase price will, upon application to the SAEC, be 
freely remittable out of China in accordance with the foreign 
exchange regulations of China.

(c) Any other provisions of this Contract to the 
contrary notwithstanding, until such time as the sale of the Interest 
of a Withdrawing Party to the Acquiring Party or Parties is completed, 
the Company will continue to conduct its business in the ordinary 
course.

20.04 Liquidation

(a) Option upon Termination. In the event that this 
Contract has been terminated in accordance with 20.01 hereof or for 
any other reason and the PARTIES have not agreed on an acquisition 
of the Company as a going concern by either PARTY or by a third 
party, then the physical assets of the Company shall be valued by 
and liquidated under the direction of a Liquidation Committee formed 
within 30 days of termination in accordance with the Joint Venture 
Regulations.

(b) Valuing and Selling Procedure. In valuing and 
selling physical assets, the Liquidation Committee shall use every 
effort to obtain the highest possible price for such assets, including 
the retention of an independent third party expert knowledgeable in 
assessing the value of the types of assets owned or held by the 
Company to assist in such valuation. Any disputes as to valuation 
by the expert shall be handled in accordance with Article 23. Sales 
of the Company's assets shall be in United States Dollars to the 
fullest extent possible.

(c) Settlement and Payment. After liquidation and 
the settlement of all outstanding debts of the Company and subject 
to the payment of any applicable taxes, the joint account shall be 
paid over to the PARTIES in proportion to their respective shares in 
the registered capital of the Company. Any and all amounts payable 
to PARTY B pursuant to this Article 20 shall be paid promptly in 
United States Dollars and shall be freely remittable by PARTY B out 
of China in accordance with the Foreign Exchange Regulations of 
China.

20.05 Survival

To the extent permitted by law, the provisions of Articles 18 
and 20 and the obligations and benefits hereunder shall survive the 
termination of this Contract and the termination, dissolution or 
liquidation of the Company.

ARTICLE 21 - FORCE MAJEURE

21.01 Force Majeure

(a) Definition and Examples. "Force Majeure" shall 
mean all events which are beyond the control of the PARTIES to this 
Contract, and which are unforeseen, or if foreseen, unavoidable, and 
which prevent total or partial performance by either PARTY. Such 
events shall include but are not limited to any strikes, lockouts, 
explosions, shipwrecks, acts of nature, fires, flood, sabotage, 
accidents, wars, riots, inability to obtain transportation, and any 
other similar or different contingency.

(b) Effect. If an event of Force Majeure occurs, to the 
extent that the contractual obligations of the PARTIES to this 
Contract (except the obligations under Article 18 hereof) cannot be 
performed as a result of such event, such contractual obligations 
shall be suspended during the period of delay caused by the Force 
Majeure and shall be automatically extended, without penalty, for a 
period equal to such suspension.

(c) Notice Required. The PARTY claiming Force 
Majeure shall promptly inform the other PARTY in writing and shall 
furnish appropriate proof of the occurrence and duration of such 
Force Majeure. The PARTY claiming Force Majeure shall also use all 
reasonable endeavors to terminate the Force Majeure.

(d) Consultation Required. In the event of Force 
Majeure, the PARTIES shall immediately consult with each other in 
order to find an equitable solution and shall use all reasonable 
endeavors to minimize the consequences of such Force Majeure.

ARTICLE 22 - SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES

22.01 Consultation

In the event a dispute arises in connection with the 
interpretation or implementation of this Contract, the PARTIES shall 
attempt in the first instance to resolve such dispute through friendly 
consultations.

22.02 Arbitration.

If the dispute is not resolved through friendly consultation 
within sixty (60) days after the commencement of discussions or such 
longer period as the PARTIES agree to in writing at that time, then 
notwithstanding any other provision of this Contract the PARTIES 
shall resolve the dispute in Stockholm, Sweden according to the 
arbitration rules of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce ("SCC"). 
Arbitration shall be conducted as follows:

(a) English Proceedings. All proceedings in any 
such arbitration shall be conducted in English and a daily 
transcript in English of such proceedings shall be prepared.

(b) One Arbitrator. There shall be one (1) arbitrator, 
fluent in English, appointed by the SCC.

(c) Award Binding. The arbitration award shall be 
final and binding on the PARTIES, and the PARTIES agree to be 
bound thereby and to act accordingly.

(d) Obligations to Continue. When any dispute occurs 
and when any dispute is under arbitration, except for the matters 
under dispute the PARTIES shall continue to exercise their remaining 
respective rights, and fulfil their remaining respective obligations 
under this Contract.

(e) Enforcement. In any arbitration proceeding, any 
legal proceeding to enforce any arbitration award or any legal action 
between the PARTIES relating to this Contract, each PARTY expressly 
waives the defense of sovereign immunity and any other defense 
based on the fact or allegation that it is an agency or instrumentality 
of a sovereign state. Any award of the arbitrators shall be 
enforceable by any court having jurisdiction over the PARTY against 
which the award has been rendered, or wherever assets of the PARTY 
against which the award has been rendered can be located and shall 
be enforceable in accordance with the "United Nations Convention on 
the Reciprocal Enforcement of Arbitral Awards (1958).

ARTICLE 23 - EXPERT PROCEDURES

23.01 Appointment of Expert

If this Contract so provides, or if the PARTIES otherwise agree, 
that a controversy or dispute between them should be resolved by an 
Expert, either PARTY may request that such controversy or dispute 
shall be resolved by such Expert as provided herein and such costs 
shall be borne by the requesting PARTY.

23.02 Recourse to ICC

If any PARTY requests an Expert determination the PARTIES 
shall attempt in the first instance to agree on a single expert to whom 
the matter shall be referred. If, within fourteen (14) days from 
receipt of such request, the PARTIES have failed to agree on the 
appointment of a single Expert, then the PARTIES agree to have 
recourse to the International Centre for Technical Expertise of the 
International Chamber of Commerce ("ICC") in accordance with the 
ICC's Rules for Technical Experts.

23.03 Expert Procedures

The Expert so appointed shall promptly fix a reasonable time 
and place for receiving submissions or information from the PARTIES 
and may make such other enquiries and require such other evidence 
as the expert deems necessary for resolving the matter. All 
information and data submitted by either PARTY as confidential shall 
not be disclosed by the Expert to third parties. The PARTIES shall 
have the opportunity to make representations to the Expert.

23.04 Effect of Expert Decision

The Expert shall be deemed not to be an arbitrator but shall 
render his decision as an Expert, and no law or regulation relating to 
arbitration shall apply to such Expert or his determinations or the 
procedure by which he reaches his determinations. The PARTIES 
shall rely on the determination of the Expert, unless one or more of 
them believes in good faith that the determinations of the Expert are 
incorrect or patently unfair or have been made as a consequence of 
misconduct on the part of such Expert. In such event, either PARTY 
shall have the right to refer the dispute or controversy to arbitration 
in accordance with Article 22.

ARTICLE 24 - APPLICABLE LAW

24.01 Applicable Law

The formation, validity, interpretation and implementation of 
this Contract and settlement of disputes arising therefrom shall be 
governed by the published and publicly available laws, decrees and 
regulations promulgated by the People's Republic of China, but in the 
event that there is no published and publicly available law, decree or 
regulation in China governing any particular matter relating to this 
Contract, reference shall be made to general international commercial 
practice.

24.02 Economic Adjustment

If either PARTY's economic benefits are adversely and 
materially affected by the promulgation of any new laws, rules or 
regulations of China or the amendment or interpretation of any 
existing laws, rules or regulations of China after the date of this 
Contract, the PARTIES shall promptly consult with each other and 
use their best endeavors to implement any adjustments necessary to 
maintain each PARTY's economic benefits derived from this Contract 
on a basis no less favorable than the economic benefits it would have 
derived if such laws, rules or regulations had not been promulgated 
or amended or so interpreted.

24.03 Preferential Treatment

The Company and the PARTIES shall be entitled to any tax, 
investment or other benefits or preferences that become available or 
publicly known after the signing of this Contract and which are more 
favorable than those set forth in this Contract.

ARTICLE 25 - MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

25.01 Waiver

Failure or delay on the part of any PARTY hereto to exercise 
any right, power or privilege under this Contract, or under any other 
contract or agreement relating hereto, shall not operate as a waiver 
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or 
privilege preclude any other future exercise thereof.

25.02 Amendments

This Contract may not be changed orally, but only by a written 
instrument signed by the Parties and approved, if required, by the 
relevant authorities in China.

25.03 Language

This Contract is written and executed in Chinese and English, 
and both language versions shall be equally valid.

25.04 Severability

The invalidity of any provision of this Contract shall not affect 
the validity of any other provision of this Contract.

25.05 Entire Agreement

This Contract and the Exhibits attached hereto constitute the 
entire agreement among the PARTIES with respect to the subject 
matter of this Contract and supersede all prior discussions, 
negotiations and agreements among them. In the event of any 
conflict between the terms and provisions of this Contract and the 
Articles of Association, the terms and provisions of this Contract 
shall prevail.

25.06 Headings

The headings used herein are for convenience only and shall 
not be used to interpret, construe or otherwise affect the meaning of 
the provisions of this Contract.

25.07 Approvals

The PARTIES obligations under this Contract are subject to the 
requisite permissions, approvals and sanctions of their respective 
governmental authorities under applicable laws.

25.08 Notices

Any notice or written communication provided for in this 
Contract by one PARTY to the others, including but not limited to any 
and all offers, writings, or notices to be given hereunder, shall be 
made in English and Chinese by registered airmail letter or by 
facsimile or telex confirmed by registered airmail letter, promptly 
transmitted or addressed to the appropriate PARTY. The date of 
receipt of a notice or communication hereunder shall be deemed to be 
twelve (12) days after its postmark in the case of an airmail letter and 
two (2) working days after dispatch in the case of a facsimile or telex. 
All notices and communications shall be sent to the appropriate 
address as set forth below, until the same is changed by notice given 
in writing to the other PARTY or the PARTIES, as the case be.

PARTY A:

Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant
5 Yongtai Road
Tanggu, Tianjin
People's Republic of China
Fax: (022) 589-5087
Attention: Mr. Han You Sheng

PARTY B:

Watts Investment Company
c/- Watts Industries, Inc
815 Chestnut Street
North Andover, Massachusetts 08145 U. S. A.
Fax: (1-508) 688-2976
Attention: Mr. David A. Bloss, Sr.

25.09 Exhibits

The Exhibits attached hereto are hereby made an integral part 
of this Contract and are equally binding with these Articles 1-25. 
The Exhibits are as follows:

Exhibit A Articles of Association
Exhibit B List of PARTY A's Contribution of Machinery and Equipment
Exhibit C Matters Concerning Land Use Rights
Exhibit D Technology License Contract between the Company and PARTY A 
Exhibit E Technology License Contract between the Company and PARTY B 
Exhibit F Trademark License Contract between the Company and PARTY B 
Exhibit G Plant Services Contract between the Company and PARTY A
Exhibit H Export Distributor Contract between the Company and Party B
Exhibit I Buildings Lease Contract

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the PARTIES hereto have 
caused this Contract to be executed by their duly authorized 
representatives on the date first set forth above.

PARTY A: PARTY B

TIANJIN Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant WATTS INVESTMENT COMPANY

/S/ Han You Sheng /s/ David A. Bloss 

Name: Han You Sheng Name: David A. Bloss, Sr.
Title: President Title: Executive Vice President
Nationality: Chinese Nationality: U.S.A.

EXHIBIT A

TIANJIN TANGGU WATTS VALVE COMPANY LIMITED

______________________________

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
______________________________

DATED 27 JUNE 1994

CONTENTS

Article 

1. Introduction 
2. Parties to the Joint Venture 
3. Establishment of the Company 
4. The Purpose, Scope and Scale of Production and Operation 
5. Total Amount of Investment and Registered Capital 
6. Board of Directors 
7. Operation and Management 
8. Labor Management 
9. Financial Affairs and Accounting 
10. Foreign Exchange 
11. Distribution of Profit 
12. Taxation and Insurance 
13. Joint Venture Term 
14. Termination, buy-out Liquidation Procedures 
15. Amendments and Conflicts 
16. Waiver 
17. Language
Signatures

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

ARTICLE 1 - INTRODUCTION

1.01 Introduction

THESE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION ("Articles of Association") 
of TIANJIN TANGGU WATTS VALVE COMPANY LIMITED are made by 
TIANJIN TANGGU VALVE PLANT, ("PARTY A") and WATTS 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ("PARTY B") in accordance with the Law of 
the People's Republic of China on Joint Ventures Using Chinese and 
Foreign Investment (the "Joint Venture Law"), the Implementing 
Regulations issued thereunder (the "Joint Venture Regulations") and 
the provisions of the Joint Venture Contract ("Joint Venture 
Contract") entered into by and among the PARTIES dated June 27, 
1994.

1.02 Terms

Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set 
forth in the Joint Venture Contract.

ARTICLE 2 - PARTIES TO THE JOINT VENTURE

2.01 The Parties

The PARTIES to the Joint Venture Contract are:

(a) PARTY A, __________ , Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant 
registered in Tianjin, with its registered address at 5 Yongtai Road, 
Tanggu, Tianjin, the People's Republic of China.
Legal Representative: Han You Sheng 
Position : President 
Nationality: Chinese

(b) PARTY B, Watts Investment Company, a company 
registered in the state of Delaware, United States of America with its 
head office at 715 King Street, Suite 300, Wilmington, Delaware, 
United States of America 19801.
Legal Representative: David A. Bloss Sr.
Position : Executive Vice President
Nationality: U. S. A.

ARTICLE 3 - ESTABLISHMENT OF THE COMPANY

3.01 Name

The name of the Company shall be: "________________________" 
in Chinese, and "Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company Limited" in English.

3.02 Address

The legal address of the Company shall be 5 Yongtai Road, 
Tanggu District, Tianjin, the People's Republic of China.

3.03 Branches

The Company may establish necessary branch offices inside of 
China with the approval of the Board and the relevant authority in 
the location of the proposed branch.

3.04 Limited Liability Company

The form of organization of the Company shall be a limited 
liability company. Except as otherwise provided herein, once a 
PARTY has paid in full its contribution to the registered capital of the 
Company, it shall not be required to provide any further funds to or 
on behalf of the Company by way of capital contribution, loan, 
advance, guarantee or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided 
pursuant to written agreement signed by the PARTY to be charged, 
creditors of the Company shall have recourse only to the assets of the 
Company and shall not seek repayment from any PARTY. The 
Company shall indemnify the PARTIES against any and all losses, 
damages or liability suffered by the PARTIES in respect of third-party 
claims arising out of the operation of the Company. Subject to the 
above, the profits, risks and losses of the Company shall be shared 
by the PARTIES in proportion to and limited by their respective 
contributions to the Company's registered capital.

3.05 Laws and Decrees

The Company shall be a legal person under the laws of China. 
The activities of the Company shall be governed and protected by the 
relevant published and publicly available laws, decrees, rules and re 
rations of China.

ARTICLE 4 - THE PURPOSE, SCOPE AND SCALE
OF PRODUCTION AND OPERATION

4.01 Purpose

The Company shall adopt advanced technology and scientific 
management methods with the aim to earn lawful profits, gain a 
competitive position in the market and make a contribution to the 
people of China.

4.02 Scope
The scope of the Company is to manufacture, distribute, and 
sell Joint Venture Products.

ARTICLE 5 - TOTAL AMOUNT OF INVESTMENT
AND REGISTERED CAPITAL

5.01 Total Investment

The Company's total investment shall be Two Hundred and 
Twenty Nine Million Eight Hundred and Ninety Thousand 
Renminbi (RMB229,890,000).

5.02 Registered Capital

The Company's registered capital shall be One Hundred and 
Twenty Three Million Renminbi (RMB123,000,000).

5.03 Contribution to Capital

(a) The contribution to the registered capital of the Company 
subscribed by PARTY A shall be Forty Nine Million Two Hundred 
Thousand Renminbi (RMB49,200,000), representing a forty percent 
(40%) share of the registered capital of the Company.
(b) The contribution to the registered capital of the Company 
subscribed by PARTY B shall be Eight Million Four Hundred and 
Eighty Thousand United States Dollars (US$8,480,000) equivalent to 
Seventy Three Million Eight Hundred Thousand Renminbi 
(RMB73,800,000) and representing a sixty percent (60%) share of the 
registered capital of the Company.
(c) The capital contributions which shall be made by PARTY 
A and PARTY B shall be used by the Company only in the 
implementation of the Joint Venture Contract. Except as otherwise 
provided herein and in the Technology License Contract set forth as 
Exhibit E and attached to the Joint Venture Contract, all of the items 
contributed by the PARTIES to the Company shall remain the 
property of the Company throughout the entire term of the Joint 
Venture Contract.

5.04 Investment Certificate

After each PARTY's contribution to the registered capital has 
been made in full, an independent Chinese registered accountant 
appointed by the Company in accordance with this Contract shall 
verify the contribution and issue a contribution verification report to 
the Company. Thereupon, the Company shall issue within sixty (60) 
days after the payment of the contribution an investment certificate 
to each PARTY signed by the Chairman of the Board. Each 
investment certificate shall indicate on its face the amount of the 
capital contribution evidenced thereby and a copy shall be submitted 
to the Approval Authority for the record. The Board shall request the 
Financial Controller to maintain a register identifying the investment 
certificates that have been issued to the PARTIES.

5.05 Additional Financing

(a) Any additional capital investment in excess of the 
registered capital or additional required working capital may be 
obtained in the form of loans to the Company from Chinese or foreign 
sources. As a general principle and subject to Board approval, 
borrowing of the Company, if any, shall be secured by the tangible 
assets of the Company.

(b) Interest on loans incurred by the Company shall be 
debited as a financing cost of the Company.

(c) Except for the portion of working capital (i) to be provided 
by the PARTIES as capital contribution or (ii) from bank loans 
received by the Company, additional operating funds may be 
obtained principally from net revenues generated by sales of the 
Company or as agreed to by the Board of Directors.

5.06 Transfer or Assignment of Registered Capital

The PARTIES may not assign, sell or otherwise dispose of their 
registered capital except in accordance with Article 5.08 of the Joint 
Venture Contract.

5.07 Increase of Registered Capital

Any increase in the registered capital of the Company shall be 
handled in accordance with Article 5.09 of the Joint Venture 
Contract.

ARTICLE 6 - BOARD OF DIRECTORS

6.01 Composition

The Board shall consist of five (5) directors, two (2) of whom 
shall be appointed by PARTY A and three (3) of whom shall be 
appointed by PARTY B. At the time these Articles of Association are 
executed and each time directors are appointed each PARTY shall 
notify the others of the names of its appointees.

6.02 Term and Replacement

Each director shall be appointed for a term of four (4) years and 
may serve consecutive terms if reappointed by the PARTY which 
originally appointed him. If a seat on the Board is vacated by the 
retirement, resignation, illness, disability or death of a director or by 
the removal of such director by the PARTY which originally appointed 
him, the PARTY which originally appointed such director shall 
appoint a successor to serve out such director's term.

6.03 Chairman

The Chairman of the Board shall be appointed by PARTY B, 
and the Vice Chairman shall be appointed by PARTY A. The 
chairman of the board shall be the legal representative of the 
Company. Whenever the Chairman of the Board is unable to perform 
his responsibilities, he shall authorize the Vice Chairman to exercise 
the Chairman's responsibilities.

6.04 Additional Attendees

Reflecting the importance of close communications between the 
Board and the management of the Company, the General Manager 
may attend Board meetings upon invitation of a majority of the Board 
but shall not vote unless he is a director in his own right. Other 
managers, including the Financial Controller, may attend such 
meetings upon the invitation of a majority of the Board.

6.05 Powers

The Board shall be the highest authority of the Company. It 
shall discuss and determine all major issues regarding the Company.

6.06 Meetings

The first Board meeting shall be held as soon as possible 
within sixty (60) days after the date of issuance of the Business 
License. Thereafter, regular meetings of the Board shall be held at 
least two times each year. Upon the written request of three (3) or 
more of the directors of the Company specifying the matters to be 
discussed, the Chairman of the Board shall call a meeting of the 
Board.

6.07 Notice and Agenda

Board meetings shall be held at the registered address of the 
Company or such other address in China or abroad as may be 
designated by the Chairman. Meetings shall be held on twenty-one 
(21) days notice to the directors if held in China and thirty (30) days 
notice if held abroad, provided that the directors may waive such 
notice by unanimous written consent. A notice of a Board meeting 
shall cover the agenda, time and place for such meeting. The 
Chairman of the Board shall be responsible for convening and 
presiding over such meetings. The General Manager shall assist the 
Chairman in preparing an agenda for each Board meeting.

6.08 Proxies

In case a Board member is unable to participate in a Board 
meeting in person or by telephone, he may issue a proxy and entrust 
another person to participate in the meeting on his behalf. The 
representative so entrusted shall have the same rights and powers as 
the Board member. A representative shall be permitted to serve as a 
proxy for up to three (3) Board members appointed by the same 
PARTY as such representative. If a Board member fails to participate 
or to entrust another to participate, he will be deemed as having 
waived such right.

6.09 Quorum

Four (4) directors present in person, by proxy or by telephone 
shall constitute a quorum which shall be necessary for the conduct of 
business at any meeting of the Board.

6.10 Voting

Each director present in person, by proxy or by telephone at a 
meeting of the Board of Directors shall have one vote.

6.11 Unanimous Votes

Resolutions involving the following matters may only be 
adopted at a duly constituted and convened meeting of the Board of 
Directors upon the unanimous affirmative vote of each and every 
director of the Board voting in person, by proxy or by telephone at 
such meeting:
(i) the amendment of the Articles of Association;
(ii) the merger of the Company with another organization;
(iii) termination and dissolution of the Company; and
(iv) the increase or assignment of the Company's registered capital.

6.12 Super Majority

Resolutions involving the following major matters may only be 
adopted at a duly constituted and convened meeting of the Board of 
Directors upon the affirmative vote of four (4) directors of the Board 
voting in person or by proxy or by telephone at such meeting:

(i) the formulation of or changes to the management 
structure of the Company;

(ii) the formulation of policies and Plans relating to the 
recruitment of employees, employee wages, welfare and 
compensation, as well as the formulation of labor 
management rules; and

(iii) the appointment, dismissal, limitations on authority and 
compensation of Management personnel, except the Executive Vice General 
Manager.

6.13 Simple Majority

Other issues that require resolutions by the Board may be 
raised at a duly convened meeting of the Board and must be adopted 
by the affirmative vote of three (3) of the directors present in person, 
by proxy or by telephone at such meeting where a quorum is present.

6.14 Action without a Meeting

Any action by the Board may be taken without a meeting if all 
members of the Board consent in writing to such action. Such 
written consent shall be filed with the minutes of the Board 
proceedings and shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous 
or majority vote, as the case may be, taken by members physically 
present.

6.15 Expenses

The Company shall be responsible for the reasonable travel, 
lodging and meal expenses incurred by appointed directors in 
attending Board meetings.

6.16 Preparation of Minutes

The minutes of the Board of Directors' meetings shall be 
prepared in English and Chinese and shall be signed by the 
Chairman. The minutes shall be distributed within thirty (30) days 
from the date of the relevant meeting to each director and each PARTY.

6.17 Amendments to Minutes

Any director who wishes to propose any amendment or 
addition to the minutes of the Board of Directors' meetings shall 
submit the same in writing to the Chairman within fourteen (14) days 
after receipt of such director's copy of the original signed minutes. 
Provided that all directors consent, the amendment or addition shall 
be incorporated into the official minutes. If there is disagreement 
among the directors concerning the proposed amendment or 
addition, the issue shall be decided by a resolution of the Board.

6.18 Filing of Minutes

All directors present at a Board meeting shall sign the finalized 
minutes of each Board meeting, which shall then be placed on file 
with the Company.

ARTICLE 7 - OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT

7.01 Management Procedures and Structures

The policies, structures and procedures concerning operational 
management, sales and marketing, health and safety, environmental 
and technological matters, which may be adopted by the Board from 
time to time shall be developed in consultation with PARTY B so as to 
be generally in accordance with PARTY B's practices in its worldwide 
operations subject to the overall direction and approval of the Board.

7.02 Management Organization

The Company shall adopt a management system under which 
the management organization shall be responsible to and under the 
leadership of the Board. All Management Personnel, including the 
General Manager, Executive Vice General Manager and Vice General 
Manager shall serve at the discretion of the Board. The Company 
shall have a General Manager nominated by PARTY A, an Executive 
Vice General Manager nominated by PARTY B and a Vice General 
Manager nominated by PARTY A and appointed by the Board 
pursuant to a duly adopted resolution. The terms of office of the 
General Manager, Executive Vice General Manager and Vice General 
Manager shall be as determined by the Board. The General Manager, 
Executive Vice General Manager and Vice General Manager may be 
dismissed only by a resolution of the Board of Directors. If it 
becomes necessary, due to dismissal or resignation, to replace the 
General Manager, Executive Vice General Manager or Vice General 
Manager, PARTY A shall nominate the General Manager's 
replacement, PARTY B shall nominate the Executive Vice General 
Manager's replacement and PARTY A shall nominate the Vice General 
Manager's replacement for appointment by the Board.

7.03 Responsibilities and Powers of the General Manager

The duties of the General Manager shall consist of carrying out 
the decisions of the Board and organizing and directing the day-to-
day operation and management of the Company in accordance with 
the modern management practices and structures as determined by 
the Board. Within the scope granted by the Board, the General 
Manager will represent the Company in external matters and, within 
the Company, he will appoint and dismiss personnel subordinate to 
himself and exercise other functions and powers granted him by the 
Board.

7.04 Management Personnel

(a) Other Management Personnel. The Company shall have 
such number and types of other Management Personnel as 
determined by the General Manager and approved by the Board to be 
necessary or advisable to implement the modern management 
practices and structures determined by the Board. All Management 
Personnel shall be responsible to and under the direction of the 
General Manager.

(b) Salaries. The salaries and other remuneration of the 
Management Personnel of the Company (including the General 
Manager) shall be determined by the Board in its sole discretion on 
an individual basis.

7.05 Annual Plans and Budgets

The General Manager, assisted by the other Management 
Personnel, shall be responsible for the preparation of the annual 
business plan and budget of the Company.
The annual business plan and budget (including the projected 
balance sheet, profit and loss statement and cash transaction report) 
for each fiscal year shall be submitted to the Board and shall include 
comprehensive detailed information on:

(a) the procurement of equipment and other assets of the Company;

(b) the raising and application of funds;

(c) plans with respect to production and sale of Joint Venture Products;

(d) the repair and maintenance of the assets and equipment 
of the Joint Venture Company;

(e) the estimated income and expenditures of the Company 
covered by the production plan and budget;

(f) plans for training the staff and workers of the Company;

(g) wage and salary plans for staff and workers of the Company;

(h) requirements of raw materials, fuel, water, electricity and 
other utilities, and all other inputs for the next year's production;

(i) plans for the proportion of foreign currency sales;

(j) plans for balancing foreign exchange receipts and expenditures; and

(k) any other matter in respect of which the Board may have 
requested a report.
The General Manager shall prepare a monthly management 
report containing such information as shall be requested by the 
Board.

7.06 Approval and Implementation of Annual Plans and Budgets

The Board shall examine and approve the annual business 
plan and budget. The General Manager, assisted by the other 
Management Personnel, shall be responsible for the implementation 
of the plan and budget approved by the Board.

ARTICLE 8 - LABOR MANAGEMENT

8.01 Governing Principle

The General Manager shall formulate a plan for matters 
concerning the recruitment, employment, dismissal, wages, labor 
insurance, welfare benefits, reward and discipline of the workers and 
staff members of the Company in accordance with modern 
management standards, practices and policies determined by the 
Board, the "Regulations of the People's Republic of China on Labor 
Management in Joint Ventures Using Chinese and Foreign 
Investment" and the "Provisions of the Ministry of Labor and 
Personnel of the People's Republic of China on the Right of Autonomy 
of Enterprises with Foreign Investment in the Hiring of Personnel and 
on Wages, Insurance and Welfare Expenses of Staff and Workers" 
and relevant regulation of Tianjin Municipality. The plan shall be 
submitted for the approval of the Board of Directors.

8.02 Working Personnel

Working Personnel shall be employed by the Company in 
accordance with a labor contract which shall be entered into between 
the Company and each individual worker after the establishment of 
the Company. Such labor contract shall establish all terms 
governing the employment, duties and benefits of that individual. 
The Board shall approve the general form and terms and conditions 
included in such contracts.

8.03 Management Personnel

Management Personnel shall be employed by the Company in 
accordance with the terms of individual employment contracts. The 
detailed terms and conditions of the employment and compensation 
of the Management Personnel shall be decided by the Board.

8.04 Expatriate Personnel

As the Company's needs require, expatriate Management 
Personnel and senior technical personnel shall be hired by the 
General Manager after approval by the Board of Directors, upon the 
recommendation of PARTY B. Such personnel shall enter into 
individual employment contracts with the Company. The PARTIES 
agree that such expatriate personnel shall receive salaries and 
benefits in accordance with PARTY B's personnel policies.

8.05 Conformity with Labor Protection

The Company shall conform to rules and regulations of the 
Chinese government concerning labor protection and ensure safe and 
civilized production. Labor insurance for the working personnel of 
the Company shall be handled in accordance with the relevant 
regulations of the Chinese government.

8.06 Trade Union

To the extent required by law, the Company shall establish a 
trade union to represent the rights and interests of the workers and 
staff members, to mediate disputes between the workers and staff 
members on the one hand and the Company on the other and to 
protect the lawful interests of the workers and staff members. To the 
extent required by law, the Company shall actively support the work 
of the trade union, provide the trade union facilities to conduct union 
activities and other lawful activities after working hours, and allocate 
trade union funds.

8.07 Trade Union Fund

In accordance with Article 99 of the Joint Venture Regulations, 
the Company shall allot each month two percent (2%) of the total 
amount of real wages received by the Company staff and workers, 
including expatriate employees for payment into a trade union fund, 
such payments to be an expense of the Company. The trade union 
may use these funds in accordance with the relevant control 
measures of labor union funds formulated by the All China 
Federation of Labor Unions.

ARTICLE 9 - FINANCIAL AFFAIRS AND ACCOUNTING

9.01 Accounting System

(a) Responsibilities. The Financial Controller of the 
Company, under the leadership of the General Manager, shall be 
responsible for the financial management of the Company.

(b) Procedures. The General Manager and the Financial 
Controller shall prepare the accounting system and procedures in 
accordance with the Accounting System of the People's Republic of 
China for Foreign Investment Enterprises, the supplementary 
stipulations promulgated by the Ministry of Finance and, to the 
extent possible, general accepted international accounting principles. 
All vouchers, receipts, statistical statements and reports shall be 
written in Chinese and English concurrently. In addition, the 
Company shall adopt operating and financial policies and procedures 
and shall prepare periodic reporting of financial information in 
accordance with the requirements of PARTY B.

9.02 Auditing

(a) The Board shall establish a position for a Company 
Auditor who will be responsible for examining and auditing the 
Company's financial expenditures and accounting books and will 
prepare a report for the Board and the General Manager.

(b) Independent Audit. An independent accountant 
registered in China and otherwise qualified to render opinions on the 
compliance by the Company with the accounting standards provided 
herein, shall be engaged by the Board of Directors as the Company's 
auditor to examine and verify the annual report on the final accounts 
("Independent Auditor"). The Company shall submit to the PARTIES 
the annual financial statements (including the audited Profit and 
Loss Account, the Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Balance and Foreign 
Exchange Balance for the fiscal year) within three (3) months after 
the end of the fiscal year, together with the audit report of the 
Chinese registered accountant. The annual financial statements, the 
audit report and the monthly reports shall be prepared in both 
Chinese and English.

(c) Board Review. The Board shall review and approve the 
periodic audits of the accounts. In the event that the Board 
determines that the audits submitted by the Independent Auditor are 
unable to properly meet the standards set forth above, the Board may 
replace the Independent Auditor or retain another auditor at 
Company expense, to supplement or adjust the work of the 
Independent Auditor or to perform specific accounting and auditing 
tasks.

(d) Notwithstanding anything contained in Article 9.02(a) 
and (b), at PARTY B's cost, PARTY B may at any time, employ a 
foreign auditor or send its internal auditor to examine the records 
and procedures of the Company and PARTY A and the Company shall 
cooperate and use best efforts to assist such auditors.

9.03 Fiscal Year

The Company shall adopt the calendar year as its fiscal year for 
Chinese statutory accounting purpose, which shall begin on January 
1 and end on December 31 of the same year, provided that the first 
fiscal year of the Company shall commence on the date the Company 
receives its Business License, and shall end on the immediately 
succeeding December 31.

ARTICLE 10 - FOREIGN EXCHANGE

10.01 Bank Accounts and Foreign Exchange Control

The Company shall separately open foreign exchange accounts 
and Renminbi accounts at banks within or outside China upon 
approval by the relevant authorities. The Company's foreign 
exchange transactions shall be handled in accordance with the 
regulations of China relating to foreign exchange control.

10.02 Foreign Exchange Balance

The Company shall be responsible to maintain a balance in its 
foreign exchange receipts and expenditures. The principal methods 
for balancing foreign exchange will be as follows:

(i) Foreign Currency Sales. The primary means for 
balancing foreign exchange will be through the sale of the Joint 
Venture Products in foreign currency.

(ii) Export of Domestic Product. Subject to the approval of 
the Approval Authority, the Company may purchase products 
domestically in Renminbi and export them for foreign currency.

(iii) Other Measures. If the Company is unable to balance its 
foreign exchange using the measures described above, the Board of 
Directors will consider all other methods permitted under the laws 
and regulations of the People's Republic of China.

ARTICLE 11 - DISTRIBUTION OF PROFIT

11.01 Allocations to Three Funds

To the extent required by law, the Company shall make 
payments in Renminbi into a reserve fund, an enterprise expansion 
fund and a bonus and welfare fund for its workers and staff members 
(the "Three Funds"). The proportion of each year's payments shall be 
discussed and determined by the Board of Directors on the basis of 
the Company's circumstances and in the general interest of the 
Company and its workers; provided, however, that the payments to 
each individual Fund shall not exceed seven percent (7%) of the 
Company's after tax income and the total of the payments to the 
Three Funds shall not exceed fifteen percent (15 %) of the Company's 
after-tax income in the relevant year. Plans for the application of 
these Three Funds shall be formulated by the General Manager.

11.02 Profit Distribution

(a) Proportionate Distributions. After required allocations, if 
any have been made to the Three funds in accordance with Article 
11.01, the Board shall determine distribution of profits by way of 
dividend among the PARTIES in proportion to their respective shares 
in the registered capital of the Company and the balance of net 
profits will be retained in the Company and utilized as may be 
decided by the Board from time to time. If the Company carries over 
losses from the previous year, the profit of the current year shall first 
be used to cover such losses. No profit shall be distributed unless a 
prior deficit is made up. The profit retained by the Company and 
carries over from the previous years may be distributed together with 
the distributable profit of the current year, or after the deficit of the 
current year is made up.

(b) Insufficient Foreign Exchange. In the event that there is 
not sufficient foreign exchange to pay PARTY b's share of distributed 
profits, the Company shall, to the extent of the unpaid portion, hold 
distributed Renminbi profits in trust for PARTY B in a special interest 
bearing account set up for that purpose, when such account is 
available, in satisfaction of the Company's obligation to distribute 
such share of the Company's profit to PARTY B. From and after the 
date on which such account is established, the Company shall not 
withdraw or use the funds therein except upon PARTY B's prior 
written instructions. When the Company obtains foreign exchange 
that is available for distribution to PARTY B pursuant to Article 11.02 
(a), the Company shall, at PARTY B's option, replace the Renminbi in 
such account (including any interest earned therefrom) with its U.S. 
Dollar equivalent in accordance with the average of the buying and 
selling rates published by the Bank of China at the time of the 
transaction. The Company shall then immediately pay such U.S. 
Dollars to PARTY B. PARTY B may from time to time instruct the 
Company to distribute Renminbi as directed by PARTY B in such 
account for any legal purpose.

(c) Method of Payment. All payments to be distributed 
under this Article 11 shall at the request of the receiving PARTY be 
remitted to an account at a bank specified in advance by such 
PARTY.

ARTICLE 12 - TAXATION AND INSURANCE

12.01 Income Tax, Customs Duties and Other Taxes

(a) Tax Payments. The Company shall pay tax under the 
relevant laws of China and any special tax regulations applicable to 
Tianjin. Chinese and foreign management and working personnel 
shall be periodically reminded to pay their individual income tax in 
accordance with the tax laws of China.

(b) Tax Preferences. The Company will use its best 
endeavours to apply for and obtain preferential tax treatment, 
reductions and exemptions, as provided by the relevant regulations. 
Promptly after the execution of this Contract, the PARTIES shall 
submit an application to the Tianjin Municipal Tax Bureau for 
confirmation of the Company's tax treatment.

12.02 Insurance

The Company shall, at its own cost and expense, take out and 
maintain full and adequate insurance of the Company against loss or 
damage by fire and such other risks as may be decided by the Board. 
The property, transportation, product liability and other items of 
insurance of the Company shall be obtained within or outside China, 
subject to any legal restrictions which may apply, and such policies 
will be denominated in Chinese and foreign currencies, as 
appropriate. The types and amounts of insurance coverage shall be 
determined by the Board in accordance with applicable Chinese laws, 
if any.

ARTICLE 13 - THE JOINT VENTURE TERM

13.01 Joint Venture Term

The Joint Venture Term of the Company shall commence on 
the Effective Date and shall expire thirty (30) years therefrom.

13.02 Extension of the Joint Venture Term

Extensions of the Joint Venture Term will be handled in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Joint Venture Contract.

ARTICLE 14 - TERMINATION, BUY-OUT AND LIQUIDATION PROCEDURES

14.01 Termination, Buy-out and Liquidation

Termination, buy-out and liquidation procedures will be 
handled in accordance with Article 20 of the Joint Venture Contract.

ARTICLE 15 - AMENDMENTS AND CONFLICTS

15.01 Amendments

These Articles of Association may not be changed orally, but 
only by a written instrument signed by the Parties and approved by 
the unanimous resolution of the Board of Directors and Approval 
Authority.

15.02 Conflicts

In the event of any conflict between the terms and provisions of 
the Joint Venture Contract and these Articles of Association, the 
terms and provisions of the Joint Venture Contract shall prevail.

ARTICLE 16 - WAIVER
16.01 Waiver

Failure or delay on the part of any PARTY hereto to exercise 
any right, power or privilege under the Joint Venture Contract, this 
Articles of Association or under any other contract or agreement 
relating thereto, shall not operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any 
single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any 
other future exercise thereof.

ARTICLE 17 - LANGUAGE
17.01 Language

These Articles of Association are written and executed in 
Chinese and English, and both language versions shall be equally 
valid.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the PARTIES hereto have 
caused these Articles of Association to be executed by their duly 
authorized representatives on the date first set forth above.
PARTY A:
TIANJIN TANGGU VALVE PLANT

/s/Han You Sheng

Name: Han You Sheng
Title: President
Nationality Chinese

PARTY B
WATTS INVESTMENT COMPANY

/s/David A. Bloss

Name: David A. Bloss, Sr.
Title: Executive Vice President
Nationality U.S.A.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and between

JAMECO ACQUISITION CORP.

and

HARRY LIPMAN, MICHAEL LIPMAN, 
WALTER LIPMAN, SIDNEY 
GREENBERG, DAVID CHASIN, 
KENNETH S. LIPMAN, PETER A. 
LIPMAN, ETHEL S. LIPMAN, GLORIA 
LIPMAN, WALTER LIPMAN TRUST 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF ILENE 
BURSTEIN, WALTER LIPMAN TRUST 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF STACI 
BURSTEIN AND WALTER LIPMAN 
TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT
OF JOSHUA BURSTEIN

July 28, 1994

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Article I SALE AND PURCHASE OF SHARES 
1.1. Sale of Shares 
1.2. Purchase Price and Payment 
1.3. Transfer Taxes 

Article II CLOSING 
2.1. The Representatives 
2.2. Closing 

Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CERTAIN SELLERS 
3.1. Organization and Qualification 
3.2. Subsidiaries 
3.3. Capitalization and Authority 
3.4. Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws; Minute Books 
3.5. Governmental Approvals 
3.6. Financial Statements 
3.7. No Material Adverse Change 
3.8. Tax Matters 
3.9. Compliance with Law 
3.10. Litigation 
3.11. Agreements 
3.12. Title to Properties 
3.13. Accounts Receivable; Loans to Affiliates 
3.14. Inventory 
3.15. Intangible Property 
3.16. Liens 
3.17. Indebtedness 
3.18. Liabilities 
3.19. Labor Matters 
3.20. Employee Benefit Plans 
3.21. Environmental Matters 
3.22. Insurance 
3.23. Operations of the Company 
3.24. No Broker 
3.25. Banking Relations 
3.26. Transactions with Interested Persons 
3.27. List of Certain Employees 
3.28. Customers and Distributors. 
3.29. No Government Contracts. 
3.30. Backlog. 
3.31. Warranty and Related Matters. 
3.32. Disclosure. 

Article IV INDIVIDUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF EACH OF THE SELLERS 
4.1. Title to Shares 
4.2. Authority Relative to this Agreement 
4.3. Absence of Conflicts 

Article V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER 
5.1. Organization 
5.2. Authority Relative to this Agreement 
5.3. Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 
5.4. Absence of Conflicts 
5.5. No Broker 
5.6. Absence of Litigation 
5.7. Purchase for Investment 
5.8. Governmental Approvals 

Article VI COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS 
6.1. Insurance 
6.2. Payment of Debt, etc. 
6.3. New York State Filings 
6.4. Further Assurances 
6.5. No Section 338 Election 
6.6. Arbitration 
6.7. Tax Refunds and Rebates 
6.8. Payment of Employee Bonuses 
6.9. Subsequent Tax Filings 
6.10. Establishment of Pension Plan 

Article VII CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO 
THE OBLIGATION OF THE BUYER TO CLOSE 
7.1. Representations and Covenants 
7.2. Good Standing Certificates 
7.3. Permits and Approvals 
7.4. Legislation 
7.5. Legal Proceedings 
7.6. Stock Certificates 
7.7. Opinion of Counsel to the Sellers and the Company 
7.8. Resignation of Directors and Officers 
7.9. Employment Agreements 
7.10. Hart-Scott-Rodino 
7.11. Real Property Contract 
7.12. Escrow Agreement 

Article VIII CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
THE OBLIGATION OF THE SELLERS TO CLOSE 
8.1. Representations and Covenants 
8.2. Governmental Permits and Approvals 
8.3. Legal Proceedings 
8.4. Closing Payment 
8.5. Employment Agreements 
8.6. Opinion of Counsel to the Buyer 
8.7. Hart-Scott-Rodino 
8.8. Real Property Contract 
8.9. Escrow Agreement 
8.10. Good Standing Certificate 
8.11. Harry's Policies 
8.12. Guaranty Agreement 

Article IX INDEMNIFICATION 
9.1. Survival 
9.2. Indemnification by the Principal Sellers 
9.3. Limitations on Indemnification by the Principal Sellers 
9.4. Indemnification by Buyer 
9.5. Limitation on Indemnification by Buyer 
9.6. Responsibility for Environmental Claims 
9.7. Escrow Fund 
9.8. Notice; Defense of Claims 
9.9. Characterization of Indemnity Payments 
9.10. Recoveries 
9.11. Payment of Losses 
9.12. Meaning of After-Tax Basis 

Article X MISCELLANEOUS 
10.1. Certain Definitions 
10.2. Fees and Expenses 
10.3. Notices 
10.4. Entire Agreement 
10.5. Waivers and Amendments 
10.6. Governing Law 
10.7. Binding Effect; Benefit 
10.8. No Assignment 
10.9. Variations in Pronouns 
10.10. Counterparts 
10.11. Exhibits and Schedules 
10.12. Headings 
10.13. Severability 
10.14. Access to Books and Records After the Closing Date 
10.15. Real Property Contract 
10.16. Certain Remedies 

EXHIBITS:
1.1
1.2(c)
1.2(d)
7.7
7.9(a)
7.9(b)
7.9(c)
8.6
11.1

SCHEDULES:
3.1
3.2
3.5
3.6
3.8
3.9
3.10
3.11
3.12
3.13
3.14
3.15
3.16
3.19
3.20
3.22
3.23
3.25
3.26
3.27(a)
3.27(b)
3.28
3.30
3.31
4.3
5.10
6.6
7.3
8.2
9.2
9.8

STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated July 28, 1994, by 
and among Jameco Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the 
"Buyer"), and Harry Lipman ("Harry"), Michael Lipman ("Michael"), 
Walter Lipman ("Walter"), Sidney Greenberg ("Sidney"), David Chasin 
("David"), Kenneth S. Lipman ("Kenneth"), Peter A. Lipman ("Peter"), 
Ethel S. Lipman ("Ethel"), Gloria Lipman ("Gloria"), Walter Lipman 
Trust for the benefit of Ilene Burstein ("Ilene Trust"), Walter Lipman 
Trust for the benefit of Staci Burstein ("Staci Trust") and Walter Lipman 
Trust for the benefit of Joshua Burstein ("Joshua Trust") (individually, a 
"Seller" and collectively, the "Sellers"), the owners of all of the issued 
and outstanding shares of capital stock of Jameco Industries, Inc., a New 
York corporation (the "Company").

WHEREAS, the Sellers are the beneficial and record 
owners of all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the 
Company (collectively, the "Shares"); and

WHEREAS, the Sellers wish to sell, transfer, assign, 
convey and deliver the Shares to the Buyer, and the Buyer wishes to 
purchase, acquire and accept the Shares from the Sellers, upon the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and 
the mutual covenants herein contained and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as 
follows:

Article I 

SALE AND PURCHASE OF SHARES

Section 1.1. Sale of Shares. At the closing provided for in section 2.2 
hereof (the "Closing"): (i) subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement and in reliance upon the representations, warranties and 
covenants contained herein, each Seller agrees to sell, transfer, assign and 
convey to the Buyer the number of Shares set forth opposite such Seller's 
name on Exhibit 1.1 hereto for the purchase price set forth opposite such 
Seller's name on Exhibit 1.1 hereto under the caption "Total Amount to 
be Paid to Seller," and shall deliver to the Buyer a stock certificate or 
certificates representing all of such Shares, duly endorsed in blank or with 
duly executed stock powers attached, in proper form for transfer, with 
appropriate transfer stamps, if any, attached, free and clear of any Lien 
with respect thereto and without any restrictive legend other than with 
respect to applicable securities laws; and (ii) subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement and in reliance upon the representations, 
warranties and covenants contained herein, the Buyer agrees to purchase, 
acquire and accept from each Seller the number of Shares set forth 
opposite such Seller's name on Exhibit 1.1 hereto for the purchase price 
set forth opposite such Seller's name on Exhibit 1.1 hereto under the 
caption "Total Amount to be Paid to Seller."

Section 1.2. Purchase Price and Payment.

(a) Purchase Price. The Purchase Price for the Shares 
shall be Twenty-Nine Million Five Hundred Three Thousand Thirty 
Dollars ($29,503,030) (the "Purchase Price").

(b) Payment. (i) Twenty-Five Million Four Hundred 
Eighty One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-Five Dollars ($25,481,135) of 
the Purchase Price (representing $25,753,030 of the Purchase Price, less 
$261,193 credit for amounts owed by Harry pursuant to section 6.2(b) 
hereof, and $10,702 credit for amounts owed by Harry pursuant to section 
6.2(d)) shall be paid by the Buyer to the Representatives on behalf of the 
Sellers on the Closing Date (the "Closing Payment") in the manner 
specified in section 1.2(c) hereof, and (ii) Three Million Seven Hundred 
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($3,750,000) of the Purchase Price shall be paid 
to the Escrow Agent named in section 1.2(d) hereof to be held in escrow 
as described in section 1.2(d) (the "Escrow Payment") and shall be paid to 
the Representatives only pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of 
the Escrow Agreement.

(c) Payment of the Closing Payment. At the Closing, 
the Closing Payment shall be paid by the Buyer in accordance with the 
instructions set forth in Exhibit 1.2(c) by wire transfer of immediately 
available funds to the accounts indicated by the Representatives in such 
written instructions. 

(d) Escrow Arrangements. The amounts specified in and 
to be delivered by the Buyer pursuant to section 1.2(b)(ii) (the "Escrow 
Fund") shall be delivered to The First National Bank of Boston, as escrow 
agent (the "Escrow Agent"), under the terms of an escrow agreement in 
the form of Exhibit 1.2(d) hereto (the "Escrow Agreement"). The 
Escrow Fund shall be held by the Escrow Agent in accordance with and 
subject to the limitations set forth in the Escrow Agreement to secure the 
payment of claims for indemnification made in accordance with Article IX 
of this Agreement.

Section 1.3. Transfer Taxes. Each Seller shall pay all stock transfer 
Taxes, recording fees and other sales, transfer, use, purchase or similar 
Taxes, if any, resulting from the sale of the Shares owned by such Seller 
hereunder.

Article II 

CLOSING

Section 2.1. The Representatives.

(a) By the execution and delivery of this Agreement and by 
their act of surrendering certificates representing their Shares, each of the 
Sellers hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints Harry and Michael 
jointly, as such Seller's true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact (the 
"Representatives"), with full power of substitution to act in his, her or its 
name, place and stead with respect to all transactions contemplated by and 
all terms and provisions of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement and 
to act on his, her or its behalf in any dispute, litigation, mediation, or 
arbitration involving this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement, and to 
do or refrain from doing all such further acts or things, and execute all 
such documents as the Representatives shall deem necessary or 
appropriate in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement and the Escrow Agreement including, without limitation, the 
power:

(i) to act for the Sellers with regard to matters 
pertaining to indemnification referred to in this Agreement and the 
Escrow Agreement, including the power to compromise any claim 
on behalf of the Sellers and to conduct arbitration, mediation or 
litigation on behalf of the Sellers;

(ii) to execute and deliver all ancillary agreements, 
certificates and documents, and to make representations and 
warranties therein, on behalf of the Sellers which the 
Representatives deem necessary or appropriate in connection with 
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement and the Escrow Agreement; and

(iii) to do or refrain from doing any further act or deed 
on behalf of the Sellers which the Representatives deem necessary 
or appropriate in their sole discretion relating to the subject matter 
of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement, including, without 
limitation, to exercise any right of or pursue any remedy available 
to any Seller under this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement, as 
fully and completely as each Seller could do if personally present.

(b) If either Representative dies or otherwise becomes 
incapacitated and is unable to serve as a Representative, or resigns as a 
Representative in a writing delivered to the Buyer, then the remaining 
Representative shall serve as the only Representative. The appointment of 
the Representatives shall be deemed coupled with an interest and be 
irrevocable. As long as Harry and Michael serve jointly as the 
Representatives hereunder, their actions as Representatives shall require 
the concurrence of both of them. The Buyer and any other Person may 
conclusively and absolutely rely, without inquiry, upon the joint action of 
Harry and Michael at any time during which they serve as joint 
Representatives and upon the action of a Representative serving 
individually, in either case, on behalf of the Sellers in all matters 
contemplated by this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement. All notices 
delivered by the Buyer to the Representatives (whether pursuant hereto or 
otherwise) for the benefit of the Sellers shall constitute notice by the 
Buyer to the Sellers. Each Representative shall act with respect to this 
Agreement and the Escrow Agreement in a manner consistent with what 
he believes to be in his best interest in his capacity as a Seller and 
consistent with his obligations under this Agreement and the Escrow 
Agreement, but a Representative shall not be liable or responsible to any 
Seller for any loss or damages the Sellers may suffer by reason of the 
performance by such Representative of his duties under this Agreement, 
other than loss or damage arising from willful misconduct or gross 
negligence in the performance of his duties under the Agreement. The 
Representatives shall not be deemed to be trustees or fiduciaries for or on 
behalf of any Seller, shall have no duty or obligation to consult with and 
take direction from any Seller and shall not be liable for any action taken 
or omitted in good faith in the absence of gross negligence or willful 
misconduct. The Representatives shall not be liable for any action taken 
or omitted in good faith upon the written advice of counsel and may act 
upon any instrument or signature believed by them in good faith to be 
genuine and may assume that any Person purporting to give any notice or 
instructions hereunder, believed by them in good faith to be authorized, 
has been duly authorized to do so.

Each Seller agrees jointly and severally to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Representative for any loss or damage arising from the 
performance of his duties as a Representative hereunder, including, 
without limitation, the cost of any accounting, legal counsel or other 
advisor retained by the Representatives on behalf of the Sellers, but 
excluding any loss or damage arising from willful misconduct or gross 
negligence in the performance of his duties under this Agreement and the 
Escrow Agreement.

(c) All actions, decisions and instructions of the 
Representatives taken, made or given pursuant to the authority granted to 
the Representatives pursuant to this section 2.1 shall be conclusive and 
binding upon all of the Sellers and no Seller shall have the right to object, 
dissent, protest or otherwise contest the same. The Buyer hereby 
acknowledges that the Representatives may with respect to any particular 
action, decision or instruction, but shall not be required to, solicit the 
consent of the Sellers before acting.

(d) The provisions of this section 2.1 are independent and 
severable, shall constitute an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with 
an interest and surviving death, legal incapacity or dissolution, granted by 
the Sellers to the Representatives and shall be binding upon the executors, 
heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of each such Seller.

(e) The Buyer shall be entitled to rely conclusively on the 
instructions and decisions of the Representatives as contemplated by 
section 2.1(b) as to any action required or permitted to be taken by the 
Sellers or the Representatives hereunder, and no party hereunder shall 
have any cause of action against the Buyer for any action taken by the 
Buyer in reliance upon the instructions or decisions of the 
Representatives.

Section 2.2. Closing. The Closing of the sale and purchase of the 
Shares shall take place at the offices of Battle Fowler, 280 Park Avenue, 
New York, New York 10017 at 10:00 a.m. (local time) on July 28, 1994 
or at such other place, time or date as the Buyer and the Representatives 
mutually agree. The date upon which the Closing occurs is hereinafter 
referred to as the "Closing Date."

Article III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CERTAIN SELLERS

Subject to the provisions in section 9.2 hereof pertaining to 
the proportional responsibility of the Principal Sellers for the 
indemnification obligations relating to breaches of the representations and 
warranties contained in this Agreement, each of the Principal Sellers 
represents and warrants to the Buyer as follows:

Section 3.1. Organization and Qualification. The Company is a 
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under 
the laws of the State of New York and has the requisite corporate power 
and lawful authority to own, lease and operate its assets, properties and 
business and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. The 
Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business, 
and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of its 
properties, owned or leased, or the nature of its activities makes such 
qualification necessary, except where the failure to so qualify would not 
have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company does not own or lease real 
property in any jurisdiction other than its jurisdiction of incorporation and 
the jurisdictions set forth on Schedule 3.1 hereto.

Section 3.2. Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.2 hereto, 
the Company has no subsidiaries. For purposes of this Agreement, the 
term "Subsidiary" shall mean any Person as to which the Company, 
directly or indirectly, owns or has the power to vote, or to exercise a 
controlling influence with respect to, fifty percent (50%) or more of the 
securities of any class of such Person, the holders of which class are 
entitled to vote for the election of directors (or Persons performing similar 
functions). Except as set forth in Schedule 3.2, the Company does not 
own any securities issued by any other business organization or 
governmental authority, except U.S. Government securities, bank 
certificates of deposit and money market accounts acquired as short-term 
investments in the ordinary course of its business. Except as set forth in 
Schedule 3.2, the Company does not own or have any direct or indirect 
interest in or control over any corporation, partnership, joint venture or 
entity of any kind. JESC was incorporated on February 1, 1994 in the 
U.S. Virgin Islands and has engaged in no activities and has not incurred 
any indebtedness or other liability since the date of its formation other 
than in connection with its incorporation and maintaining its status as a 
corporation.

Section 3.3. Capitalization and Authority. (a) The authorized capital 
stock of the Company consists of 2,000,000 shares of common stock, par 
value $ 0.10 per share (the "Jameco Common Stock"); 360,000 shares of 
Jameco Common Stock are duly and validly issued of which 311,375.25 
are outstanding. Each of such outstanding Shares is fully paid and 
nonassessable and owned as indicated on Exhibit 1.1 hereto. 48,624.75 of 
the issued Shares are held in the treasury of the Company as of the date 
hereof and no shares are reserved for issuance. There are no other shares 
of capital stock of the Company outstanding and no outstanding options, 
warrants, convertible or exchangeable securities, subscriptions, rights 
(including any preemptive rights), stock appreciation rights, calls or 
commitments of any character whatsoever requiring the issuance, sale, 
redemption, repurchase, registration or voting of shares of any capital 
stock of the Company, and there are no contracts or other agreements to 
issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any options, 
warrants, convertible or exchangeable securities, subscriptions, rights 
(including any preemptive rights), stock appreciation rights, calls or 
commitments of any character whatsoever relating to such shares. 

(b) The Company has full corporate power and authority to 
enter into any agreement, document and instrument executed and 
delivered or to be executed and delivered by it pursuant to or as 
contemplated by this Agreement and to comply with its obligations 
hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by 
the Company of each such other agreement, document and instrument 
have been duly authorized by all necessary action of the Company and its 
stockholders and no other action on the part of the Company or its 
stockholders is required in connection therewith. Each agreement, 
document and instrument executed and delivered or to be executed and 
delivered by the Company pursuant to or as contemplated by this 
Agreement (to the extent it contains obligations to be performed by the 
Company) constitutes or will when executed and delivered constitute, a 
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance 
with its terms, subject to the laws of general application relating to 
bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors and rules and laws 
governing specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable 
remedies. The execution, delivery and performance by the Sellers of their 
respective obligations under this Agreement and each such other 
agreement, document and instrument:

(i) do not and will not violate any provision of the 
certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company;

(ii) do not and will not violate any statute, law, rule and 
regulation, which is applicable to the Company or any of its assets, 
properties, or businesses, or violate any judgment, ruling, order, 
writ, injunction, award, decree, statute, law, ordinance, code, rule 
or regulation of any court or foreign, federal, state, county or local 
government or any other governmental, regulatory or 
administrative agency or authority which is applicable to the 
Company or any of its assets, properties or businesses; and

(iii) except as set forth on Schedule 3.3, do not and will 
not result in a breach of, constitute a default under, accelerate any 
obligation under, or give rise to a right of termination of any 
indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other agreement, 
contract, instrument, Lien, permit, authorization, order, writ, 
judgment, injunction, decree, determination or arbitration award, 
whether written or oral, to which the Company is a party or by 
which the property of the Company is bound or affected, or result 
in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of the assets of the 
Company.

Section 3.4. Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws; Minute Books. 
Copies of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Company 
and all amendments to each have heretofore been delivered to the Buyer 
and such copies are true, complete and accurate. The records of the board 
of directors' and shareholders' meetings contained in the minute books of 
the Company are true and accurate records of those meetings. The stock 
transfer ledger of the Company is true and accurate.

Section 3.5. Governmental Approvals. Other than in connection, or in 
compliance, with the provisions of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust 
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder (the "HSR Act") or as set forth on Schedule 3.5, 
no notice to, filing or registration with, or permit, license, variance, 
waiver, exemption, franchise, order, consent, authorization or approval 
of, any foreign, federal, state, county or local government or any other 
governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or authority 
(collectively, "Permits") is required by the Company for the conduct of its 
business as currently conducted or for the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby. The Company has obtained or has 
applied for all Permits listed on Schedule 3.5. All the Permits listed on 
Schedule 3.5 (except those that are identified on such Schedule as 
"pending" or "applied for") are valid and in full force and effect and, 
except as set forth in Schedule 3.5 hereto, the Company is operating in 
compliance therewith except where a contrary state of facts would not 
result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Permits is subject to 
termination by its express terms as the result of the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 3.6. Financial Statements. The balance sheet of the Company 
as at December 31, 1993 and the related statements of earnings and 
retained earnings and cash flow for the year then ended, including the 
notes thereto, certified by KPMG Peat Marwick, independent certified 
public accountants, copies of which are attached hereto as Schedule 
3.6(a), fairly present the financial position of the Company as at such date 
and the results of operations, the changes in retained earnings and cash 
flow of the Company, for the year then ended in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. 
The combined balance sheets of the Company and Innovative Computer 
and Innovative Systems as at December 31, 1992 and 1991 and the related 
statements of earnings and retained earnings, and cash flows for the years 
then ended, including the notes thereto, certified by KPMG Peat 
Marwick, independent certified public accountants, are attached hereto as 
Schedule 3.6(b). The combining schedules-balance sheets of the 
Company as at December 31, 1991 and 1992 and the combining schedules 
of operations and retained earnings for the years then ended included in 
Schedule 3.6(b) are fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the 
combined financial statements contained in Schedule 3.6(b) taken as a 
whole. The unaudited balance sheet of the Company as at June 30, 1994 
and the related unaudited statements of earnings and retained earnings for 
the six-month period then ended, copies of which are attached hereto as 
Schedule 3.6(c), are true and correct copies of management statements 
prepared for internal use by the management of the Company. Such 
statements fairly present the financial position of the Company as at such 
date and the results of operations for the period then ended in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles (except as set forth in 
Schedule 3.6(d)) applied on a consistent basis with the financial statements 
contained in Schedule 3.6(a). The foregoing financial statements are 
hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Financials;" the unaudited 
balance sheet as at June 30, 1994 included in the Financials is hereinafter 
referred to as the "Balance Sheet;" and June 30, 1994 is hereinafter 
referred to as the "Balance Sheet Date." Schedule 3.6(e) sets forth on an 
itemized basis all reserves of the Company reflected on the Company's 
balance sheet as of June 30, 1994. See Schedule 3.6(f) for information 
concerning a liability of the Company arising from the repurchase by the 
Company of certain shares of common stock of the Company.

Section 3.7. No Material Adverse Change. Since March 31, 1994, 
there has been no change which, individually or in the aggregate, has had 
or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than any 
Material Adverse Effect resulting from conditions prevailing in the 
economy or the U.S. plumbing products industry generally) and, to the 
best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, no such change is threatened. 
Since March 31, 1994, there has not been any damage, destruction or loss 
to the Company or any of its properties, assets or businesses which has or 
is reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material 
Adverse Effect whether or not covered by insurance. Anything contained 
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, any environmental matter or 
condition (including any environmental matter or condition which may 
give rise to an Environmental Claim as defined in Section 9.6 hereof) 
relating to the Company, or any of its properties (including, without 
limitation, the Premises or any Property) shall not be the subject of the 
representations and warranties contained in this Section 3.7.

Section 3.8. Tax Matters.

(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.8:

(i) The Company has paid or caused to be paid all 
Taxes required to be paid by it through the date hereof, whether disputed 
or not (other than current Taxes the liability for which is adequately 
reserved for on the Financials).

(ii) The Company, in accordance with applicable law, 
has filed all Tax Returns required to be filed by it through the date hereof, 
and all such returns correctly and accurately set forth the amount of any 
Taxes relating to the period covered by such Tax Returns. As of the time 
of filing, the foregoing Tax Returns correctly reflected the facts regarding 
the income, businesses, assets, operations, activities, status or other 
matters of the Company or any other information required to be shown 
thereon. A list of all Tax Returns filed with respect to the Company since 
January 1, 1989 is set forth in Schedule 3.8, and said Schedule 3.8 
indicates those Tax Returns that have been audited or currently are the 
subject of an audit. The Company has delivered to the Buyer complete 
and correct copies of all Tax Returns, examination reports and statements 
of deficiencies assessed against or agreed to by the Company for the year 
1989 and all subsequent years through 1992 and has made available all 
such documents for prior years to the extent that the same are available. 
Schedule 3.8 sets forth all federal Tax elections under the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), that are in effect with 
respect to the Company or for which an application by the Company is 
pending.

(iii) Neither the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") nor 
any other governmental authority is now asserting or, to the best of the 
Principal Sellers' Knowledge, threatening to assert against the Company 
any deficiency or claim for additional Taxes. No claim has ever been 
made by an authority in a jurisdiction where the Company does not file 
reports and returns that the Company is or may be subject to taxation by 
that jurisdiction. There are no security interests on any of the assets of 
the Company that arose in connection with any failure (or alleged failure) 
to pay any Tax. The Company has never entered into a closing agreement 
pursuant to section 7121 of the Code.

(iv) There has not been any audit since January 1, 1988 
of any Tax Return filed by the Company, no audit of any Tax Return of 
the Company is in progress, and the Company has not been notified by 
any Tax authority that any such audit is contemplated or pending. No 
extension of time with respect to any date on which a Tax Return was or 
is to be filed by the Company is in force, and no waiver or agreement by 
the Company is in force for the extension of time for the assessment or 
payment of any Taxes.

(v) The Company has never consented to have the 
provisions of section 341(f)(2) of the Code applied to it. The Company 
has not agreed to make nor is it required to make any adjustment under 
section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change in accounting method or 
otherwise. The Company (A) has never made any payments, (B) is not 
obligated to make any payments, or (C) is not a party to any agreement 
that under certain circumstances would obligate it to make any payments, 
that will not be deductible under section 280G of the Code. The 
Company has disclosed on its income Tax Returns all positions taken 
therein that could give rise to a penalty for underpayment of federal Tax 
under section 6662 of the Code (or any corresponding provision of state, 
local or foreign tax law). The Company has never had any liability for 
unpaid Taxes because it is a member of an "affiliated group" (as defined 
in section 1504(a) of the Code). The Company has never filed, and has 
never been required to file, a consolidated, combined or unitary tax return 
with any entity. The Company is not a party to any tax sharing 
agreement.

(vi) The Company computes its federal taxable income 
under the accrual method of accounting. For purposes of computing 
taxable income, all inventories of the Company are maintained on a 
last-in, first-out ("LIFO") basis. Such inventory methods are correct in 
all material respects for income tax purposes.

(vii) The Company has withheld and paid all Taxes 
required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid 
or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, stockholder 
or other third party.

(b) Schedule 3.8 sets forth with respect to the Company a 
tax basis balance sheet as of December 31, 1993. 

(c) For purposes of this section 3.8, all references to 
sections of the Code shall include any predecessor provisions to such 
sections and any similar provisions of federal, state, local or foreign law.

Section 3.9. Compliance with Law. Except as set forth on 
Schedule 3.9 and except with respect to Environmental Laws (which are 
not the subject of this section 3.9), the Company has not violated or failed 
to comply with and is not violating or failing to comply with, nor has the 
Company received notice of any violation of or failure to comply with any 
judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction, award, decree, statute, law, 
ordinance, code, rule or regulation, of any court or foreign, federal, state, 
county or local government or any other governmental, regulatory or 
administrative agency or authority applicable to it or to its assets, 
properties, businesses or operations, except where any such violation or 
failure to comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a 
Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.9 and except 
as with respect to Environmental Laws (which are not the subject of this 
section 3.9), the conduct of the Company's business is in conformity with 
all foreign, federal, state, county and local energy, public utility, health or 
occupational safety, regulatory and administrative requirements, except 
where any such violation or nonconformity would not, individually or in 
the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.10. Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.10 hereto: 
(i) there are no outstanding judgments, rulings, orders, writs, injunctions, 
awards or decrees of any court or any foreign, federal, state, county or 
local government or any other governmental, regulatory or administrative 
agency or authority or arbitral tribunal against or involving the Company 
or any of the Sellers that relate to the businesses of the Company or the 
Shares, (ii) the Company is not a party to, or to the best of the Principal 
Sellers' Knowledge, threatened with, any litigation or judicial, 
governmental, regulatory, administrative or arbitration proceeding, and 
(iii) there is no litigation or proceeding, in law or in equity, or any 
proceeding or governmental investigation before any commission or other 
administrative authority pending, or, to the best of the Principal Sellers' 
Knowledge, threatened, against any of the Sellers or the transactions 
contemplated hereby or whereby timely performance by the Sellers 
according to the terms of this Agreement may be prohibited, prevented or 
delayed.

Section 3.11. Agreements. Schedule 3.11 hereto sets forth all of the 
following contracts and other agreements to which the Company is a party 
or by or to which its assets, properties or businesses are bound or subject: 
(i) currently effective contracts and other agreements with any current or 
former officer, director, employee, consultant, agent or shareholder; 
(ii) contracts and other agreements outside the ordinary course of the 
Company's business involving annual payments under any such contract 
or other agreement or under any related series of contracts or other 
agreements of at least $50,000 for the sale of materials, supplies, 
equipment, merchandise or services; (iii) contracts and other agreements 
outside the ordinary course of the Company's business involving 
payments since March 31, 1994 under any such contract or other 
agreement or under any related series of contracts or other agreements of 
at least $50,000 for the purchase or acquisition of materials, supplies, 
equipment, merchandise or services and any contracts and other 
agreements providing for the purchase of all or substantially all of its 
requirements or a particular product from a supplier where such 
requirement or product is not readily available from alternative sources at 
comparable prices; (iv) distributorship, representative, management, 
marketing, sales agency, printing or advertising contracts and other 
similar agreements not terminable upon not more than thirty (30) days 
notice; (v) contracts and other similar agreements for the grant to any 
Person of any preferential rights to purchase any of the assets, properties 
or business of the Company; (vi) joint venture contracts and other similar 
agreements; (vii) contracts and other agreements under which the 
Company has guaranteed the obligations of any Person or under which 
any Seller has guaranteed the obligations of the Company; (viii) contracts 
and other agreements under which the Company agrees to indemnify any 
Person or to share Tax liability with any Person that will exist at Closing; 
(ix) contracts and other agreements limiting the freedom of the Company 
to engage in any line of business or to engage in business in any 
geographic area; (x) contracts and other agreements relating to the 
acquisition by the Company of any operating business or the capital stock 
of any Person; (xi) any indenture, mortgage, promissory note, loan 
agreement, guaranty or other agreement or commitment for the borrowing 
of money and any related security instrument; (xii) any registration rights 
agreements, warrants, warrant agreements or other rights to subscribe for 
securities, any voting agreements, voting trusts, shareholder agreements 
or other similar arrangements or any stock purchase or repurchase 
agreements or stock restriction agreements; and (xiii) leases of real or 
personal property with annual payments in excess of $25,000. All of the 
contracts and other agreements set forth on Schedule 3.11 hereto are in 
full force and effect as of the date hereof. To the best of the Principal 
Sellers' Knowledge, the descriptions of the oral contracts set forth in 
Schedule 3.11 are true, accurate and complete in all material respects. 

Neither the Company nor, to the best of the Principal 
Sellers' Knowledge, any other party to any contract, agreement, lease or 
instrument of the Company, is in default in complying with any provisions 
of any of the above, and no condition or event or facts exist which, with 
notice, lapse of time or both would constitute a default thereof on the part 
of the Company or, to the best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, on the 
part of any other party thereto in any such case that could have a Material 
Adverse Effect. 

Section 3.12. Title to Properties. The Company owns no real property. 
The personal property reflected on the Balance Sheet, together with 
dispositions and additions in the ordinary course of business since the 
Balance Sheet Date, is all of the personal property used in the operation of 
the Company and, assuming no changes in Environmental Laws or other 
laws, is all of the personal property necessary for the operation of the 
Company as currently conducted on the date hereof. Except as otherwise 
indicated in Schedule 3.12 or in the Balance Sheet, none of the personal 
property of the Company is subject to any Lien or conditional sale 
agreement. The Balance Sheet reflects all personal property of the 
Company, subject to dispositions and additions in the ordinary course of 
business consistent with this Agreement.

Section 3.13. Accounts Receivable; Loans to Affiliates. (a) Except as 
disclosed in Schedule 3.13(a), all accounts receivable reflected on the 
Balance Sheet (net of applicable reserves) and all accounts receivable 
arising subsequent to the Balance Sheet Date have arisen in the ordinary 
course of business, represent valid and enforceable obligations to the 
Company and are fully collectable and subject to no set-off or 
counterclaim, except for discounts, returns, payment terms and 
allowances arising in the ordinary course of the Company's business. 
Schedule 3.13(a) hereto sets forth a true and correct aged list of all 
accounts receivable of the Company at June 30, 1994.

(a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.13(b), the Company 
has no accounts or loans receivable from any Person which is affiliated 
with the Company or any director or officer of the Company.

Section 3.14. Inventory. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.14, all 
inventory items shown on the Balance Sheet or existing at the date hereof 
are of a quality and quantity saleable in the ordinary course of business of 
the Company. The values of the inventories stated in the Balance Sheet 
reflect the normal inventory valuation policies of the Company on a FIFO 
basis and were determined in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles and methods consistently applied. Purchase 
commitments for raw materials and parts are not in excess of normal 
requirements and none is at a price materially in excess of current market 
prices.

Section 3.15. Intangible Property. (a) All patents, patent applications, 
trade names, trademarks, trademark registration applications, copyrights 
and copyright registration applications presently owned by or licensed to 
the Company or used or to be used by the Company in its business as 
presently conducted are listed in Schedule 3.15 hereto. All of the patents 
and registered trademarks of the Company and all of the patent 
applications, trademark registration applications and copyright registration 
applications of the Company have been duly registered in, filed in or 
issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the New York 
Department of State, the United States Register of Copyrights or the 
corresponding offices of other countries identified on said Schedule, and 
have been properly maintained and renewed in accordance with all 
applicable provisions of law and administrative regulations in the United 
States and each such country. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.15, 
present use by the Company of said patents, trade names, trademarks, or 
copyrights does not require the consent of any other Person and the same 
are freely transferable by the Company (except as otherwise provided by 
law). Except as set forth in Schedule 3.15, the Company has exclusive 
ownership or exclusive license to use all patents, trade names, trademarks 
or copyrights used or to be used by it in its business as conducted free and 
clear of any attachments, Liens, royalties, license fees or adverse claims 
and neither the present activities nor products of the Company infringe 
any such patents, trade names, or trademarks of others. Except as set 
forth in Schedule 3.15, (i) no other Person has an interest in or right or 
license to use, or the right to license others to use, any of said patents, 
patent applications, trade names, trademarks, or copyrights, (ii) there are 
no claims or demands of any other Person pertaining thereto and no 
proceedings have been instituted, or are pending or, to the best of the 
Principal Sellers' Knowledge, threatened, which challenge the rights of 
the Company in respect thereof, (iii) none of the patents, trade names, 
trademarks, or copyrights listed in Schedule 3.15 is subject to any 
outstanding order, decree, judgment or stipulation, or, to the best of the 
Principal Sellers' Knowledge, is being infringed by others, (iv) no 
proceeding charging the Company with infringement of any adversely 
held patent, trade name, trademark or copyright has been filed or, to the 
best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, is threatened to be filed, and (v) 
to the best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, there exists no unexpired 
patent or patent application which includes claims that would have a 
Material Adverse Effect.

(a) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.15 hereto, the 
Company has the right to use, free and clear of any claims or rights of 
others, all trade secrets, inventions, customer lists and manufacturing and 
secret processes required for or incident to the manufacture or marketing 
of all products presently sold, manufactured, licensed, under development 
or produced by it, including products licensed from others, and to the best 
of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, any products formerly sold by the 
Company. Any payments required to be made by the Company for the 
use of such trade secrets, inventions, customer lists and manufacturing 
and secret processes are described in Schedule 3.15. To the best of the 
Principal Sellers' Knowledge, the Company is not using or in any way 
making use of any confidential information or trade secrets of any third 
party, including without limitation, a former employer of any present or 
past employee of the Company or of any of the predecessors of the 
Company.

Section 3.16. Liens. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.16, and except 
with respect to (i) assets, properties and businesses disposed of, or subject 
to purchase or sales orders, in the ordinary course of business since the 
Balance Sheet Date; or (ii) Liens securing Taxes, assessments, 
governmental, regulatory or administrative charges or levies, or the 
claims of materialmen, carriers, landlords and like Persons, which are not 
yet due and payable (collectively, "Permitted Liens"), the Company owns 
outright and has good and marketable title to all of its assets, properties 
and businesses, including, without limitation, all of the assets, properties 
and businesses reflected on the Balance Sheet, in each case, free and clear 
of any Lien.

Section 3.17. Indebtedness. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.17, all 
Indebtedness of the Company as at the Balance Sheet Date is set forth in 
the Balance Sheet. All Indebtedness which has arisen after the Balance 
Sheet Date has arisen in the ordinary course of business and represents 
valid Indebtedness of the Company. As used herein, "Indebtedness" shall 
mean all items which, in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles (except as otherwise indicated on Schedule 3.6(d)), would be 
included in determining total liabilities as shown on the liability side of a 
balance sheet as at the date Indebtedness is to be determined.

Section 3.18. Liabilities. As of the Balance Sheet Date and the Closing 
Date, as applicable, the Company has no liabilities of any nature, whether 
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, asserted or unasserted, known 
or unknown, whether or not such liabilities are required to be reported by 
generally accepted accounting principles (including, without limitation, 
liabilities as guarantor or otherwise with respect to obligations of others, 
or liabilities for Taxes due or then accrued or to become due or contingent 
or potential liabilities relating to activities of the Company or the conduct 
of its businesses prior to the Balance Sheet Date or the Closing Date, as 
applicable, regardless of whether claims in respect thereof had been 
asserted as of such date), which liabilities, when taken individually or in 
the aggregate, have had or are reasonably likely to have a Material 
Adverse Effect, except liabilities (i) stated or adequately reserved against 
on the Financials or reflected in the footnotes thereto; (ii) reflected in 
Schedules (including, without limitation, Schedule 3.18) to this 
Agreement; (iii) incurred in the ordinary course of business of the 
Company subsequent to the Balance Sheet Date and on a basis consistent 
with the terms of this Agreement; or (iv) relating to Environmental 
Claims.

Section 3.19. Labor Matters. Schedule 3.19 hereto sets forth the only 
contracts or other agreements that exist between the Company and a union 
representing any of the employees of the Company. The Company has 
not taken any action that would constitute a plant closing or mass lay-off 
within the meaning of the Workers Adjustment and Retraining 
Notification Act. At June 10, 1994, the Company employed 
approximately 361 full-time employees and one part-time employee. The 
Company is not delinquent in payments to any of its employees for any 
wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses or other direct compensation for 
any services performed for it to the date hereof or amounts required to be 
reimbursed to such employees. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.19, the 
Company has no policy, practice, plan or program of paying severance 
pay or any form of severance compensation in connection with the 
termination of employment. The Company is in compliance in all 
material respects with all applicable laws and regulations respecting labor, 
employment, fair employment practices, terms and conditions of 
employment, and wages and hours. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.19 
hereto, there are no charges of employment discrimination or unfair labor 
practices, nor are there any strikes, slowdowns, stoppages of work, or 
any other concerted interference with normal operations existing, pending, 
or to the best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, threatened against or 
involving the Company. To the best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, 
no question concerning representation exists respecting the employees of 
the Company. There are no grievances, complaints or charges that have 
been filed or, to the best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, threatened 
against the Company under any dispute resolution procedure (including, 
but not limited to, any proceedings under any dispute resolution procedure 
under any collective bargaining agreement) that if decided adversely to the 
Company would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, 
and no claim therefor has been asserted. Except as set forth in Schedule 
3.19, no collective bargaining agreements are in effect or are currently 
being or are about to be negotiated by the Company. The Company is, 
and at all times since November 6, 1986 has been, in compliance in all 
material respects with the requirements of the Immigration Reform 
Control Act of 1986. There are no changes pending with respect to 
(including, without limitation, resignation of) the senior management or 
key supervisory personnel of the Company nor has the Company received 
any notice or information concerning any prospective change with respect 
to the senior management or key supervisory personnel of the Company.

Section 3.20. Employee Benefit Plans.

(a) Schedule 3.20 sets forth a list of every Employee 
Program that has been maintained by the Company at any time during the 
three-year period ending on the date hereof.

(b) Each Employee Program which has been maintained by 
the Company and which has at any time been intended to qualify under 
section 401(a) or 501(c)(9) of the Code has received a favorable 
determination or approval letter from the IRS regarding its qualification 
under such section and has, in fact, been operated in accordance with the 
applicable section of the Code from the effective date of such Employee 
Program through and including the Closing (or, if earlier, the date that all 
of such Employee Program's assets were distributed). Except as set forth 
in Schedule 3.20, no event or omission has occurred which would cause 
any such Employee Program to lose its qualification under the applicable 
Code section.

(c) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.20, the Company has 
complied in all material respects with any law applicable to it with respect 
to the Employee Programs that have been maintained by the Company. 
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.20, with respect to any Employee 
Program now or heretofore maintained by the Company, there has 
occurred no "prohibited transaction" as defined in section 406 of the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), or section 4975 of the Code, or breach of any duty under 
ERISA or other applicable law (including, without limitation, any health 
care continuation requirements or any other Tax law requirements, or 
conditions to favorable tax treatment, applicable to such plan), which 
could result, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, through 
any obligation of indemnification or contribution), in any Taxes, penalties 
or other liability to the Company or any Affiliate. No litigation, 
arbitration, or governmental administrative proceeding (or investigation) 
or other proceeding (other than those relating to routine claims for 
benefits) is pending or, to the best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, 
threatened with respect to any such Employee Program.

(d) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.20, neither the 
Company nor any Affiliate has incurred any termination liability under 
Title IV of ERISA which will not be paid in full prior to the Closing. 
There has been no "accumulated funding deficiency" (whether or not 
waived) with respect to any Employee Program ever maintained by the 
Company or any Affiliate and subject to Code section 412 or ERISA 
section 302. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.20, with respect to any 
Employee Program maintained by the Company or any Affiliate and 
subject to Title IV of ERISA, there has been no (nor will there be any as a 
result of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement) (i) "reportable 
event," within the meaning of ERISA section 4043, or the regulations 
thereunder (for which the notice requirement is not waived under 
29 C.F.R. Part 2615) or (ii) event or condition which presents a material 
risk of plan termination or any other event that may cause the Company or 
any Affiliate to incur liability or have a lien imposed on its assets under 
Title IV of ERISA. All payments and/or contributions required to have 
been made (under the provisions of any agreements or other governing 
documents or applicable law) with respect to all Employee Programs ever 
maintained by the Company or any Affiliate, for all periods prior to the 
Closing, either have been made or have been accrued (and all such unpaid 
but accrued amounts are described on Schedule 3.20). Except as set forth 
on Schedule 3.20, as of the Closing Date, no Employee Program 
maintained by the Company or any Affiliate and subject to Title IV of 
ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan) will have any "unfunded benefit 
liability" within the meaning of ERISA section 4001(a)(18). With respect 
to each Multiemployer Plan maintained by the Company or any Affiliate, 
Schedule 3.20 states the estimated amount of withdrawal liability, as 
determined in good faith by the Sellers after consultation with the plan 
administrator thereof, that would be incurred by the Company or such 
Affiliate if there were a cessation of operations or of the obligation to 
contribute to such plan as of the Closing Date. None of the Employee 
Programs ever maintained by the Company or any Affiliate has ever 
provided health care or any other non-pension benefits to any employees 
after their employment was terminated (other than as required by part 6 of 
subtitle B of title I of ERISA) or has ever promised to provide such 
post-termination benefits.

(e) The representations made in Subsections (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) with respect to any Multiemployer Plan are made to the best of the 
Principal Sellers' Knowledge only, unless otherwise specifically provided 
therein.

(f) With respect to each Employee Program maintained by 
the Company within the three years preceding the date hereof (other than 
a Multiemployer Plan), complete and correct copies of the following 
documents (if applicable to such Employee Program) have previously been 
delivered or made available to the Buyer: (i) all documents embodying or 
governing such Employee Program, and any funding medium for the 
Employee Program (including, without limitation, trust agreements) as 
they may have been amended to the date hereof; (ii) the most recent IRS 
determination or approval letter with respect to such Employee Program 
under Code section 401 or 501(c)(9), and any applications for 
determination or approval subsequently filed with the IRS; (iii) the three 
most recently filed IRS Forms 5500, with all applicable schedules and 
accountants' opinions attached thereto; (iv) the summary plan description 
for such Employee Program (or other descriptions of such Employee 
Program provided to employees) and all modifications thereto; and (v) any 
insurance policy (including any fiduciary liability insurance policy) related 
to such Employee Program. With respect to such Employee Program 
maintained by the Company which is a Multiemployer Plan, complete and 
correct copies of the following documents have been previously been 
delivered or made available to the Buyer: (i) any participation, adoption 
or other agreement relating to the Company's participation in or 
contribution under such Plan and (ii) any material correspondence or 
reports relating to such Plan received by the Company within the last 
three years.

(g) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.20 and except for 
union plans to which the Company makes contributions, each Employee 
Program maintained by the Company as of the date hereof is subject to 
termination by the Board of Directors of the Company without any further 
liability or obligation on the part of the Company to make further 
contributions to any trust maintained under any such Employee Program 
following such termination.

(h) For purposes of this section 3.20:

(i) "Employee Program" means (A) all employee 
benefit plans within the meaning of ERISA section 3(3), including, 
but not limited to, multiple employer welfare arrangements (within 
the meaning of ERISA section 3(40)), plans to which more than 
one unaffiliated employer contributes and employee benefit plans 
(such as foreign or excess benefit plans) which are not subject to 
ERISA; and (B) all stock option plans, bonus or incentive award 
plans, severance pay policies or agreements, deferred 
compensation agreements, supplemental income arrangements, 
vacation plans, and all other employee benefit plans, agreements, 
and arrangements not described in (A) above. In the case of an 
Employee Program funded through an organization described in 
Code section 501(c)(9), each reference to such Employee Program 
shall include a reference to such organization;

(ii) An entity "maintains" an Employee Program 
if such entity sponsors, contributes to, or provides (or has 
promised to provide) benefits under such Employee Program, or 
has any obligation (by agreement or under applicable law) to 
contribute to or provide benefits under such Employee Program, 
or if such Employee Program provides benefits to or otherwise 
covers employees of such entity (or their spouses, dependents, or 
beneficiaries);

(iii) An entity is an "Affiliate" of the Company for 
purposes of this section 3.20 if it would have ever been considered 
a single employer with the Company under ERISA section 4001(b) 
or part of the same "controlled group" as the Company for 
purposes of ERISA section 302(d)(8)(C); and

(iv) "Multiemployer Plan" means a (pension or 
non-pension) employee benefit plan to which more than one 
employer contributes and which is maintained pursuant to one or 
more collective bargaining agreements.

Section 3.21. Environmental Matters. (a) For purposes of this 
Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(i) "Environment" shall mean soil (surface and 
subsurface), surface waters and ground waters, ambient air, and 
any improvements on any real property. The real property located 
at 248 Wyandanch Avenue, Wyandanch, New York is hereinafter 
referred to as the "Premises" and all real properties owned and/or 
operated by the Company and any of its predecessors on or prior 
to the Closing Date are hereinafter collectively referred to as the 
"Property."

(ii) "Environmental Laws" shall mean (a) all federal, 
state, county and local statutes, laws and ordinances, and rules and 
regulations adopted pursuant thereto, including, without limitation, 
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and 
Liability Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. section 9601, et seq.; the 
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, as amended, 49 U.S.C. 
section 1801 et seq.; the Resource Conservation and Recovery 
Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. section 6901 et seq.; the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act, as amended, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.; 
the Clean Air Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.; the Toxic 
Substances Control Act, as amended, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., the 
New York Environmental Conservation Law; and the laws of 
Suffolk County (collectively, the "Statutes") relating to the 
protection of human health (except for OSHA) and the 
Environment, including without limitation: all Statutes relating to 
reporting, licensing, permitting, investigating or remediating 
emissions, discharges, release or threat of release of any 
Hazardous Materials in the Environment or relating to the 
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, 
disposal, transport or handling of any Hazardous Material; and 
(b) all federal, state, county and local common law relating to the 
protection of human health and the Environment, including, but 
not limited to, nuisance and trespass.

(iii) "Hazardous Materials" shall mean (a) any toxic 
substance or hazardous waste, substance or related material, or any 
pollutant or contaminant; (b) radon gas, asbestos in any form 
which is or could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam 
insulation, petroleum and petroleum products, transformers or 
other equipment which contain dielectric fluid containing levels of 
polychlorinated biphenyls in excess of federal, state or local safety 
guidelines, whichever are more stringent; (c) any substance, gas, 
material or chemical which is included in the definition of 
"hazardous substances," "toxic substances," "hazardous 
materials," "hazardous wastes" or words of similar import under 
any legal requirement including but not limited to the 
Environmental Laws, and (d) any other chemical, material, gas or 
substance, the storage, exposure to or release of which is or may 
hereafter be prohibited, limited or regulated by any governmental 
or quasi-governmental entity having jurisdiction over the Property 
or the operations or activity at the Property, or any chemical, 
material, gas or substance that does or may pose a hazard or risk 
to human health or the Environment.

(iv) "Maintenance Plan" shall mean that certain 
maintenance plan dated January, 1993, prepared by AKRF, Inc., 
with respect to the Premises identified in such plan as Site 
#1-52-006, as may be amended from time to time.

(b) To the best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, all 
Hazardous Materials transported at the Company's request from the 
Property were transported by a duly licensed entity.

(c) The Premises are presently classified as a Class 4 site 
on the New York State Inactive Hazardous Waste List. A complete copy 
of the Maintenance Plan which has been approved by the New York State 
Department of Environmental Conservation (the "NYSDEC") as in effect 
at the date hereof is attached hereto as Schedule 3.21.

Section 3.22. Insurance. Schedule 3.22 hereto sets forth all policies or 
binders of fire, earthquake, liability, workmen's compensation, vehicular 
or other insurance held by or on behalf of the Company, including, 
without limitation, policies covering the years 1991, 1992, and 1993 for 
which all premiums due and owing have been paid, specifying the insurer, 
the policy number or covering note number with respect to binders, and 
setting forth the deductible and aggregate limit of any of the insurer's 
liability thereunder and the period covered. Such policies and binders are 
in full force and effect. The Company is not in default with respect to any 
provision contained in any such policy or binder and has not failed to give 
any notice or present any claim under any such policy or binder in due 
and timely fashion. The Company has not received a notice of 
cancellation or nonrenewal of any such policy or binder, and no Principal 
Seller has any Knowledge of any state of facts which is reasonably likely 
to be the basis for termination of any such insurance.

Section 3.23. Operations of the Company. Except as set forth on 
Schedule 3.23 hereto, since March 31, 1994, the Company has not:

(i) amended its certificate of incorporation or by-laws 
or merged with or into or consolidated with any other Person, 
subdivided or in any way reclassified any shares of its capital stock 
or changed or agreed to change in any manner the rights of its 
outstanding capital stock or the character of its business;

(ii) issued, sold, purchased or redeemed, or entered into 
any contracts or other agreements to issue, sell, purchase or 
redeem, any shares of its capital stock or any options, warrants, 
convertible or exchangeable securities, subscriptions, rights 
(including preemptive rights), stock appreciation rights, calls or 
commitments of any character whatsoever relating to its capital 
stock;

(iii) entered into any contract or other agreement with 
any labor union or association representing any employee; or 
adopted, entered into or amended any employee benefit plan or 
made any change in the actuarial methods or assumptions used in 
funding any defined benefit pension plan, or made any change in 
the assumptions or factors used in determining benefit 
equivalencies thereunder;

(iv) declared, set aside or paid any dividends or 
declared, set aside or made any distributions of any kind to its 
shareholders, or made any direct or indirect redemption, 
retirement, purchase or other acquisition of any shares of its 
capital stock;

(v) adopted a plan of liquidation or resolutions 
providing for the liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation or 
other reorganization of the Company;

(vi) made any change in its accounting methods, 
principles or practices or made any change in depreciation or 
amortization policies or rates adopted by it, except insofar as may 
have been required by a change in generally accepted accounting 
principles, including, without limitation, any change in its 
methods, principles or practices regarding reserves or accruals;

(vii) revalued any portion of its assets, properties or 
businesses including, without limitation, any write-down of the 
value of inventory or other assets or any write-off of notes or 
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business in 
a manner consistent with past practice;

(viii) incurred any indebtedness except in the ordinary 
course of business or become subject to any increase in its 
obligations as a guarantor or otherwise become contingently, as a 
guarantor or otherwise, liable with respect to the obligations of 
others; or cancelled any material debt or claim owing to, or 
waived any material right of, the Company;

(ix) suffered any damage, destruction or loss, whether 
or not covered by insurance, affecting any of the properties, assets 
or business of the Company which is reasonably likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect;

(x) made any wage or salary increase or bonus, or 
increase in any other direct or indirect compensation, for or to any 
of its officers, directors, employees, consultants or agents or any 
accrual for or contract or other agreement to make or pay the 
same, other than customary merit increases made in the ordinary 
course of business in a manner consistent with past practice, or 
entered into any employment agreement, or any amendment to any 
such existing agreement, with any officer, director or employer of 
the Company;

(xi) incurred any obligation or liability to any of the 
Company's officers, directors, stockholders or employees, or made 
any loans or advances to any of the Company's officers, directors, 
stockholders or employees, except normal compensation, advances 
and expense allowances payable to officers or employees or 
otherwise engaged in any transaction with affiliates other than 
transactions with Jamaica Manufacturing (Canada) Ltd. in the 
ordinary course of business;

(xii) made any payment or commitment to pay severance 
or termination pay to any of its officers, directors, or executive 
employees;

(xiii) purchased any capital asset for an amount in excess 
of $25,000, or except for Tangible Property acquired in the 
ordinary course of business in a manner consistent with past 
practice, made any acquisition of all or any part of the assets, 
properties, capital stock or business of any other Person;

(xiv) entered into any lease (as lessor or lessee), except 
for immaterial equipment leases in the ordinary course of business 
consistent with past practice; sold, abandoned or made any other 
disposition of any of its assets or properties necessary in the 
conduct of its business; granted or suffered any Lien on any of its 
assets or properties, except in the ordinary course of its business; 
entered into or amended any contract or other agreement to which 
it is a party or by or to which it or its assets, properties or 
businesses are bound or subject, except in the ordinary course of 
business in a manner consistent with past practice, or pursuant to 
which it agrees to indemnify any Person or to refrain from 
competing with any Person; 

(xv) entered into any other material transaction other 
than transactions in the ordinary course of business including, 
without limitation, entering into any agreement with Retail 
Products Marketing Services or any of its principals, including 
John A. Grieco; or

(xvi) agreed to do any of the foregoing.

Section 3.24. No Broker. No broker, finder, agent or similar 
intermediary has acted for or on behalf of the Company or any of the 
Sellers in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
hereby, and no broker, finder, agent or similar intermediary is entitled to 
any broker's, finder's or similar fee or other commission in connection 
therewith based on any contract or other agreement with the Company or 
any of the Sellers or any action taken by the Company or any of the 
Sellers; provided, however, that the Sellers have utilized the services of 
TM Capital Corp. and will be solely responsible for the fees and expenses 
of such firm.

Section 3.25. Banking Relations. All of the arrangements which the 
Company has with any banking institution are described in Schedule 3.25, 
indicating with respect to each of such arrangements the type of 
arrangement maintained (such as checking account, borrowing 
arrangements, safe deposit box, etc.) and the Person or Persons 
authorized in respect thereof.

Section 3.26. Transactions with Interested Persons. Except as set forth 
in Schedule 3.26, none of the Company, any Seller, or any officer or 
director of the Company owns directly or indirectly on an individual or 
joint basis any material interest in, or serves as an officer or director or in 
another similar capacity of, any competitor or supplier of the Company or 
any organization which has a material contract or arrangement with the 
Company.

Section 3.27. List of Certain Employees.

(a) Schedule 3.27 contains a true and complete list of all 
current directors and officers of the Company and a list of all managers, 
employees and consultants of the Company who, individually, have 
received or are scheduled to receive from the Company for the fiscal year 
of the Company ending December 31, 1994, an annual salary of $50,000 
or more (excluding bonuses and other compensation). In each case 
Schedule 3.27 includes the current job title and aggregate annual salary of 
each such individual.

Section 3.28. Customers and Distributors. Schedule 3.28 contains a 
true and complete list of any customer, representative or distributor 
(whether pursuant to a commission, royalty or other arrangement) who 
accounted for more than 2% of the sales of the Company for the twelve 
months ended December 31, 1993 or the six months ended as of the 
Balance Sheet Date (collectively, the "Customers and Distributors"). The 
relationships of the Company with the Customers and the Distributors are 
good commercial working relationships. Except as set forth in 
Schedule 3.28, no Customer or Distributor has cancelled or otherwise 
terminated its relationship with the Company, or has during the last 
twelve months decreased materially its services, supplies or materials to 
the Company or its usage or purchase of the services or products of the 
Company. No Customer or Distributor has, to the best of the Principal 
Sellers' Knowledge, any plan or intention to terminate, to cancel or 
otherwise materially and adversely modify its relationship with the 
Company or to decrease materially or limit its services, supplies or 
materials to the Company or its usage, purchase or distribution of the 
services or products of the Company.

Section 3.29. No Government Contracts. The Company is not a party 
to any contract or subcontract with any agency of the United States 
Government. The Company has not been suspended or debarred from 
bidding on, or receiving contracts or subcontracts from, any agency of the 
United States Government.

Section 3.30. Backlog. As of July 22, 1994, the Company has a 
backlog of firm orders for the sale or lease of products or services, for 
which revenues have not been recognized by the Company, as set forth in 
Schedule 3.30.

Section 3.31. Warranty and Related Matters. There are no existing or, 
to the best of the Principal Sellers' Knowledge, threatened product 
liability, warranty or other similar claims against the Company for 
products or services that are defective or fail to meet any product or 
service warranties except as disclosed in Schedule 3.31 hereto. There are 
no statements, citations, correspondence or decisions by any government 
or political subdivision thereof, whether federal, state, local or foreign, or 
any agency or instrumentality of any such government or political 
subdivision, or any court or arbitrator (collectively, "Governmental 
Bodies") stating that any product manufactured, marketed or distributed at 
any time by the Company (the "Company Products") is defective or 
unsafe or fails to meet any product warranty or any standards promulgated 
by any such Governmental Body. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.31, 
there have been no recalls ordered by any such Governmental Body with 
respect to any Company Product. To the best of the Principal Sellers' 
Knowledge, there exists (a) no fact relating to any Company Product that 
may impose upon the Company a duty to recall any Company Product or 
a duty to warn customers of a defect in any Company Product, (b) no 
latent or overt design, manufacturing or other defect in any Company 
Product, or (c) no material liability for warranty or other claims or returns 
with respect to any Company Product except in the ordinary course of 
business consistent with the past experience of the Company for such kind 
of claims and liabilities. No claim has been asserted against the Company 
for renegotiation of any business, including, without limitation, a price 
redetermination in any material amount, and, to the best of the Principal 
Sellers' Knowledge, there are no facts upon which any such claim could 
be based.

Section 3.32. Disclosure. To the best of the Principal Sellers' 
Knowledge, the representations and warranties contained in this 
Agreement do not contain any untrue statement with respect to the 
business heretofore conducted by the Company, and do not omit to state a 
fact with respect to the business heretofore conducted by the Company 
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make such 
representations and warranties not misleading in light of the circumstances 
under which they were made, which misstatement or omission could 
reasonably foreseeably result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than any 
Material Adverse Effect resulting from conditions prevailing in the 
economy or the U.S. plumbing products industry generally). There are 
no facts known to the Principal Sellers which, insofar as can reasonably 
be foreseen, may in the future have a Material Adverse Effect (other than 
any Material Adverse Effect resulting from conditions prevailing in the 
economy or the U.S. plumbing products industry generally) which have 
not been specifically disclosed herein or in a Schedule furnished herewith.

Article IV 

INDIVIDUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF EACH OF THE SELLERS

Each of the Sellers severally as to himself, herself or itself 
represents and warrants to the Buyer as follows:

Section 4.1. Title to Shares. Such Seller is the direct record and 
beneficial owner of the Shares set forth opposite such Seller's name on 
Exhibit 1.1 hereto, free and clear of any Lien, and, upon delivery of and 
payment for such Shares as herein provided, the Buyer will acquire good 
and valid title thereto, free and clear of any Lien and without any 
restrictive legend except with respect to applicable securities laws.

Section 4.2. Authority Relative to this Agreement. Such Seller has the 
full legal right and power and all authority and approval required to enter 
into, execute and deliver this Agreement and each other agreement or 
instrument entered into or to be entered into in connection herewith to 
which such Seller is a party, and to perform fully such Seller's obligations 
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement 
and each such other instrument and the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by the trustees of Ilene's 
Trust, Staci's Trust and Joshua's Trust (collectively, the "Trustees") and 
no other proceedings on the part of the Trustees are necessary to authorize 
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each such 
other instrument and the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and thereby. This Agreement and each such other instrument have 
been duly executed and delivered by such Seller and this Agreement 
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of each such Seller enforceable 
against such Seller in accordance with its terms, subject to the laws of 
general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of 
debtors and rules and laws governing specific performance, injunctive 
relief and other equitable remedies.

Section 4.3. Absence of Conflicts. The execution, delivery and 
performance by such Seller of this Agreement and each such other 
agreement, document and instrument: (i) does not and will not violate 
any provision of such Seller's declaration of trust, if applicable; (ii) does 
not and will not violate any statutes, laws, rules and regulations which are 
applicable to such Seller or any of its respective assets, properties or 
businesses, including such Seller's Shares, or violate any judgment, 
ruling, order, writ, injunction, award, decree, statute, law, ordinance, 
code, rule or regulation of any court or foreign, federal, state, county or 
local government or any other governmental, regulatory or administrative 
agency or authority which is applicable to such Seller or any of its 
respective assets, properties or businesses, including such Seller's Shares; 
and (iii) except as set forth on Schedule 4.3, does not and will not result 
in a breach of, constitute a default under, accelerate any obligation under, 
or give rise to a right of termination of any indenture or loan or credit 
agreement or any other agreement, contract, instrument, Lien, lease, 
permit, authorization, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, 
determination or arbitration award to which such Seller is a party or by 
which the property of such Seller is bound or affected, or result in the 
creation or imposition of any Lien on any of the assets of such Seller, 
including such Seller's Shares.

Article V 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER

The Buyer represents and warrants to the Sellers as 
follows:

Section 5.1. Organization. The Buyer is a corporation duly organized, 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of 
Delaware, and has the requisite corporate power and lawful authority to 
own, lease and operate its assets, properties and business and to carry on 
its business as it is now being conducted.

Section 5.2. Authority Relative to this Agreement. The Buyer has full 
corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and any 
agreement, document and instrument executed and delivered or to be 
executed and delivered by it pursuant to or as contemplated by this 
Agreement and to comply with its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
The execution, delivery and performance by the Buyer of this Agreement 
and each such other agreement, document and instrument have been duly 
authorized by all necessary action of the Buyer and its stockholders and 
no other action on the part of the Buyer or its stockholders is required in 
connection therewith. This Agreement and each agreement, document 
and instrument executed and delivered or to be executed and delivered by 
the Buyer pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement constitutes or 
will when executed and delivered constitute, a valid and binding 
obligation of the Buyer, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject 
to the laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and 
the relief of debtors and rules and laws governing specific performance, 
injunctive relief and other equitable remedies.

Section 5.3. Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws. Copies of the 
certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Buyer and all amendments 
to each have heretofore been delivered to the Sellers and such copies are 
true, complete and accurate.

Section 5.4. Absence of Conflicts. The execution, delivery and 
performance by the Buyer of this Agreement and each such other 
agreement, document and instrument: (i) do not and will not violate any 
provision of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Buyer; 
(ii) do not and will not violate any statutes, laws, rules and regulations 
which are applicable to such Buyer or any of its assets, properties or 
businesses or violate any judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction, award, 
decree, statute, law, ordinance, code, rule or regulation of any court or 
foreign, federal, state, county or local government or any other 
governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or authority which is 
applicable to such Buyer or any of its assets, properties or businesses; and 
(iii) do not and will not result in a breach of, constitute a default under, 
accelerate any obligation under, or give rise to a right of termination of 
any indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other agreement, 
contract, instrument, Lien, permit, authorization, order, writ, judgment, 
injunction, decree, determination or arbitration award, whether written or 
oral, to which the Buyer is a party or by which the property of the Buyer 
is bound or affected, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on 
any of the assets of the Buyer.

Section 5.5. No Broker. No broker, finder, agent or similar 
intermediary has acted for or on behalf of the Buyer in connection with 
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, and no broker, 
finder, agent or similar intermediary is entitled to any broker's, finder's, 
or similar fee or other commission in connection therewith based on any 
contract or other agreement with the Buyer or any action taken by the 
Buyer.

Section 5.6. Absence of Litigation. There is no litigation or 
proceeding, in law or in equity, and there are no proceedings or 
governmental investigations before any commission or other 
administrative authority pending, or, to the best of Buyer's Knowledge, 
threatened, against Buyer or the transactions contemplated hereby or 
whereby timely performance by Buyer according to the terms of this 
Agreement may be prohibited, prevented or delayed.

Section 5.7. Purchase for Investment. The Buyer acknowledges that 
the Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or under applicable state securities laws 
and that the Shares may not be sold, transferred, offered for sale, pledged, 
hypothecated or otherwise disposed of without registration under the 
Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, except pursuant to 
an exception from such registration available under the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws. The Buyer is purchasing the Shares solely 
for investment with no present intention to distribute any of the Shares to 
any Person.

Section 5.8. Governmental Approvals. Other than in connection, or in 
compliance, with the provisions of the HSR Act or as set forth in 
Schedule 5.8, no notice to, filing or registration with, or Permits of any 
foreign, federal, state, county or local government or any other 
governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or authority are 
necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Article VI 

COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

Section 6.1. Insurance. From and after the Closing Date until the date 
18 months thereafter and provided that such policies are commercially 
available, the Buyer shall or shall cause the Company to maintain in full 
force and effect liability insurance providing the Company with 
substantially similar coverage as the liability policies specified on 
Schedule 3.22 including with respect to products manufactured or sold by 
the Company prior to the Closing. In the event that any such policy is not 
commercially available, the Buyer shall promptly provide written notice to 
the Representatives.

Section 6.2. Payment of Debt, etc.

(a) At the Closing, each Seller and any affiliate of each 
Seller including, but not limited to, HM, shall pay to the Company any 
amounts owed by such Person to the Company net of any amounts owed 
to them by the Company. The Sellers have delivered to the Buyer on the 
date hereof Schedule 6.2 setting forth all such amounts owed, which 
Schedule they represent to be accurate and complete. Any amounts paid 
hereunder shall be in immediately available funds.

(b) At the Closing, Harry, or his designee, may acquire 
the Company's interest in Guardian Life Insurance policies 2583480 and 
2650931 ("Harry's Policies") free and clear of any Liens upon payment to 
the Company of the cash surrender value of Harry's Policies as of the 
Closing Date. Upon such payment, the Company shall take whatever 
action is necessary to assign all the rights in Harry's Policies to Harry, or 
his designee, and deliver physical possession of Harry's Policies to Harry 
or his designee.

(c) At the Closing, the Company shall pay $328,977.20 to 
Innovative Computer in satisfaction of the net intercompany payables due 
and owing between the Company and Innovative Computer.

(d) At the Closing, the Company shall pay all amounts, by 
reducing the purchase price as provided in section 1.2(b), previously paid 
by the Company with respect to the car provided by the Company to 
Rosewitha Lipman, and any financing arrangements with respect to such 
car shall be terminated or assigned to Harry or his designee, with all 
amounts due and payable in connection therewith being paid by Harry.

(e) If any indebtedness of the Company described in 
item 11 of Schedule 3.11 (the "Bank Indebtedness") shall become subject 
to default solely as a result of the transactions contemplated hereunder 
thereby resulting in acceleration thereof by the lenders, the Buyer shall 
cause such Bank Indebtedness to be paid. Any such default or 
acceleration shall not be deemed to constitute a breach of a representation, 
warranty, covenant or agreement by any Seller hereunder, it being the 
express intention of the parties hereto that obtaining the consent of either 
The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. or National Bank Westminster U.S.A. 
to continue such Bank Indebtedness following the Closing shall not be a 
condition to any parties' obligations hereunder and that all responsibility 
and liability for a default including repayment of such Bank Indebtedness 
(including prepayment penalties, if any) in whole or in part shall be the 
obligations of the Company and not of the Sellers.

Section 6.3. New York State Filings. The Representatives and the 
Buyer shall timely and promptly make all filings that are necessary to 
obtain from the New York State tax authorities a Form TP-582, Tentative 
Assessment setting forth the amount, if any, of the New York State Real 
Property Transfer Gains Tax liability due with respect to the sale of the 
Shares by the Sellers. 

Section 6.4. Further Assurances. In addition to the actions, contracts 
and other agreements and documents and other papers specifically 
required to be taken or delivered pursuant to this Agreement, each of the 
parties hereto shall execute such contracts and other agreements and 
documents and other papers and take such further actions as may be 
reasonably required or desirable to carry out the provisions hereof and the 
transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 6.5. No Section 338 Election. Buyer shall not make an 
election pursuant to section 338 of the Code or corresponding provision of 
state or local law with respect to the acquisition of the Shares.

Section 6.6. Arbitration. Any dispute arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement that cannot be settled by good faith negotiation between the 
parties shall be submitted by either party to ENDISPUTE (the 
"Arbitrator") for final and binding arbitration in Boston, Massachusetts 
pursuant to ENDISPUTE'S Arbitration Rules.

Section 6.7. Tax Refunds and Rebates. In the event that the Company 
receives any refunds or rebates of Taxes relating to periods prior to the 
Closing Date, the Company shall promptly remit such refunds and rebates 
to the Representatives.

Section 6.8. Payment of Employee Bonuses. At the Closing, the 
Company shall make a total payment of $312,500 to certain key 
employees of the Company in accordance with the written instructions 
provided to the Buyer by the Representatives. Such payment shall be 
treated as additional compensation by the Company and the recipient 
employees for Tax purposes. At the Closing, the Buyer shall provide to 
the Representatives satisfactory evidence of such payments. The 
Company shall deduct such payments in the tax period that begins on the 
day after the Closing.

Section 6.9. Subsequent Tax Filings.

(a) In anticipation that, upon the acquisition of the Shares 
by the Buyer, the Company will be included in the consolidated federal 
income tax return filed by the Buyer affiliated group, Sellers shall, for 
Federal income tax purposes, prepare and file a Federal income tax return 
for the Company for the portion of the taxable year ending on the Closing 
Date (hereinafter, the "Short Period Return"), together with any tax due. 
Such return shall be prepared in a manner consistent with prior practice 
and in accordance with applicable law. Buyer shall have the right to 
review such tax return. Buyer shall be responsible for preparing and 
filing all of the Company's federal tax returns, with respect to the period 
commencing on the date after the Closing.

(b) Buyer shall, at its own expense, prepare all state and 
local income Tax Returns for the taxable years which end after the 
Closing Date, in accordance with applicable law. To the extent that such 
income tax returns include and reflect a period prior to the day after the 
Closing Date, the Principal Sellers shall be liable for any state and local 
income Taxes to the extent of the "properly accrued" amount of such 
liability with respect to the period ending on or before the Closing Date, 
less any estimated Tax payments that were made prior to the Closing Date 
and any amounts for state and local income Taxes that were properly 
accrued or reflected on the Balance Sheet. The term "properly accrued" 
for purposes of this section 6.9(b) means the amount of state or local 
income Tax that is deemed to have accrued as of the Closing Date, and 
shall be calculated by utilizing the income and deductions reflected on the 
Short Period Return referred to in section 6.9(a), and modified only to the 
extent required by state or local tax laws. The Principal Sellers shall have 
the right to review such state and local Tax Returns.

Section 6.10. Establishment of Pension Plan.

(a) As soon as practicable after the Closing Date, the 
Principal Sellers agree to cause Innovative Computer to establish an 
employee pension plan (a "New Plan") for the benefit of those active and 
former employees of Innovative Computer (the "Innovative Participants") 
who on the Closing Date are entitled to benefits under the Jameco 
Industries, Inc. Pension Plan (the "Pension Plan"). The New Plan shall 
be substantially the same in all material respects as the Pension Plan as in 
effect on the Closing Date, except to the extent that any changes are 
required by the Internal Revenue Service in order to maintain the 
qualification of such plan under Section 401(a) of the Code. The New 
Plan shall grant credit to the Innovative Participants for all service and 
compensation prior to the Closing Date to the extent credited under the 
Pension Plan as of the Closing Date for purposes of determining 
eligibility, vesting and benefit accrual. In consideration of the transfer of 
assets described in (b) below, the New Plan shall assume and discharge all 
liabilities and obligations of the Pension Plan for benefits in respect of the 
Innovative Participants. The costs and expenses with respect to the 
establishment of the New Plan shall be the sole responsibility of 
Innovative Computer.

(b) As soon as practicable after the Closing Date and 
after the expiration of 30 days following the filing of Internal Revenue 
Service Form 5310-A, Buyer shall cause to be transferred form the trustee 
or other funding medium of the Pension Plan to the trustee or other 
funding medium of the New Plan a proportionate amount of each Pension 
Plan asset, to the extent practicable, which in the aggregate shall be equal 
in value on the date of transfer to the value of the Pension Plan assets that 
has been determined by Sedgewick Noble Lowndes to be assets of the 
Pension Plan allocable to the Innovative Participants consistent with the 
manner in which such allocation has been made and reflected in the 
Pension Plan's actuarial reports in prior years and which shall be 
reviewed by and subject to the consent of The Wyatt Company, which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Principal 
Sellers shall cause Innovative Computer to cooperate with Buyer in the 
gathering of the necessary data to be used by The Wyatt Company for this 
purpose. The amount so transferred, and the liabilities assumed by the 
New Plan, shall be reduced by any distribution or other benefit payments 
that are made under the Pension Plan with reference to any Innovative 
Participant who retires, dies or otherwise terminates his service with 
Sellers after the Closing Date and before the transfer of assets described in 
this section 6.10. Buyer shall cause the benefit payments referred to in 
the preceding sentence to be made from the Pension Plan until the transfer 
of assets described in this section 6.10 shall occur.

(c) The Buyer and the Principal Sellers shall take or 
cause to be taken all such action as may be necessary to effectuate the 
transfer to the New Plan of Pension Plan assets as described in (b) above, 
and to the extent required by applicable law, the Buyer and the Principal 
Sellers shall file Internal Revenue Service Form 5310-A including the 
appropriate actuarial certification provided by Sedgewick Noble Lowndes 
in respect of such transfer and take any other actions as may be required 
pursuant to section 414(l) of the Code.

Article VII 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
THE OBLIGATION OF THE BUYER TO CLOSE

The obligation of the Buyer to enter into and complete the 
Closing is subject, at its option, to the fulfillment on or prior to the 
Closing Date of the following conditions, any one or more of which may 
be waived by it in its sole discretion:

Section 7.1. Representations and Covenants. The representations and 
warranties of the Sellers contained in this Agreement shall be true, 
complete and accurate on and as of the Closing Date with the same force 
and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date. The Sellers 
shall have performed and complied with all covenants and agreements 
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the 
Sellers on or prior to the Closing Date. The Sellers shall have delivered 
to the Buyer a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by the 
Representative, to the foregoing effect and stating that all conditions to the 
Buyer's obligations hereunder have been satisfied or waived.

Section 7.2. Good Standing Certificates. The Sellers shall have 
delivered to the Buyer: (i) copies of the certificate of incorporation, 
including all amendments thereto, of the Company, certified by the 
Secretary of State or other appropriate official of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Company and (ii) certificates from the Secretary of 
State or other appropriate official of the jurisdiction of incorporation to 
the effect that the Company is in good standing and subsisting in such 
jurisdiction.

Section 7.3. Permits and Approvals. Any and all Permits and other 
consents set forth on Schedule 7.3 shall have been obtained.

Section 7.4. Legislation. No legislation shall have been proposed or 
enacted, and no statute, law, ordinance, code, rule or regulation shall 
have been adopted, revised or interpreted, by any foreign, federal, state, 
county or local government or any other governmental, regulatory or 
administrative agency or authority, which would require, upon or as a 
condition to the acquisition of the Shares by the Buyer, the divestiture or 
cessation of the conduct of any business presently conducted by the 
Company and no such divestiture or cessation shall have been required in 
order to satisfy the condition to closing set forth in section 7.10.

Section 7.5. Legal Proceedings. No suit, action, claim, proceeding or 
investigation shall have been instituted by or before any court or any 
foreign, federal, state, county or local government or any other 
governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or authority seeking to 
restrain, prohibit or invalidate the sale of the Shares to the Buyer 
hereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or 
to seek damages in connection with such transactions or which might 
affect the right of the Buyer to own, operate or control, after the Closing, 
the assets, properties and businesses of the Company.

Section 7.6. Stock Certificates. The Sellers shall have tendered to the 
Buyer the stock certificate or certificates representing all of the Shares in 
accordance with section 1.1 hereof, duly endorsed in blank or with duly 
executed stock powers attached, in proper form for transfer and with 
appropriate transfer stamps, if any, affixed.

Section 7.7. Opinion of Counsel to the Sellers and the Company. The 
Buyer shall have received the favorable opinion of Salamon, Gruber, 
Newman, Blaymore & Rothschild, P.C., counsel to the Company and the 
Sellers, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Buyer, in the form of 
Exhibit 7.7 hereto.

Section 7.8. Resignation of Directors and Officers. The Buyer shall 
have received the resignation, dated the Closing Date, of those officers 
and members of the Board of Directors of the Company and JESC as shall 
be designated by the Buyer.

Section 7.9. Employment Agreements. Each of Harry, Michael and 
Sidney shall have executed and delivered to the Company employment 
agreements in the form of Exhibits 7.9(a), 7.9(b) and 7.9(c) hereto, 
respectively.

Section 7.10. Hart-Scott-Rodino. The waiting period specified in the 
HSR Act, including any extensions thereof, shall have expired or 
otherwise terminated, and neither the Buyer nor the Sellers shall be 
subject to any injunction or temporary restraining order against 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 7.11. Real Property Contract. The transactions contemplated 
by the Real Property Contract shall have been consummated.

Section 7.12. Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agreement shall have 
been executed and delivered by the Representatives, the Buyer and the 
Escrow Agent.

Article VIII 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO
THE OBLIGATION OF THE SELLERS TO CLOSE

The obligation of the Sellers to enter into and complete the 
Closing is subject, at the option of the Representatives, to the fulfillment 
on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions, any one or 
more of which may be waived by the Representatives in their sole 
discretion:

Section 8.1. Representations and Covenants. The representations and 
warranties of the Buyer contained in this Agreement shall be true, 
complete and accurate on and as of the Closing Date with the same force 
and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date. The Buyer shall 
have performed and complied with all covenants and agreements required 
by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to 
the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have delivered to the Representatives a 
certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by an officer of the Buyer, 
to the foregoing effect and stating that all conditions to the Sellers' 
obligations hereunder have been satisfied or waived.

Section 8.2. Governmental Permits and Approvals. Any and all 
Permits and other consents set forth on Schedule 8.2 shall have been 
obtained.

Section 8.3. Legal Proceedings. No suit, action, claim, proceeding or 
investigation shall have been instituted before any court or any foreign, 
federal, state, county or local government or any other governmental, 
regulatory or administrative agency or authority seeking to restrain, 
prohibit or invalidate the sale of the Shares to the Buyer hereunder or the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or to seek damages 
in connection with such transactions.

Section 8.4. Closing Payment. At the Closing, the Buyer shall have 
paid the Closing Payment to the Representatives as provided in section 
1.2(c).

Section 8.5. Employment Agreements. The Company shall have 
executed and delivered to each of Harry, Michael and Sidney employment 
agreements in the form of Exhibits 7.9(a), 7.9(b) and 7.9(c) hereto, 
respectively.

Section 8.6. Opinion of Counsel to the Buyer. The Seller shall have 
received the favorable opinion of Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, counsel to 
the Buyer, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Representatives, in 
the form of Exhibit 8.6 hereto.

Section 8.7. Hart-Scott-Rodino. The waiting period specified in the 
HSR Act, including any extensions thereof, shall have expired or 
otherwise terminated, and neither the Buyer nor the Sellers shall be 
subject to any injunction or temporary restraining order against 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 8.8. Real Property Contract. The transactions contemplated 
by the Real Property Contract shall have been consummated.

Section 8.9. Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agreement shall have 
been executed and delivered by the Representatives, the Buyer and the 
Escrow Agent and the Buyer shall have made the Escrow Payment in 
accordance with section 1.2(d).

Section 8.10. Good Standing Certificate. The Buyer shall have 
delivered to the Representatives: (i) copies of the certificate of 
incorporation, including all amendments thereto, of the Buyer, certified 
by the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation, and (ii) certificates from the Secretary of State or other 
appropriate official of such jurisdiction of incorporation to the effect that 
the Buyer is in good standing and subsisting in such jurisdiction.

Section 8.11. Harry's Policies. At the Closing, the Company shall have 
assigned, if so elected by Harry, all its right, title and interest in and to 
Harry's Policies free and clear of all Liens to Harry or his designee, 
provided, however, that the Company shall be paid the cash surrender 
value thereof as of the Closing Date. 

Section 8.12. Guaranty Agreement. The Guaranty Agreement shall 
have been executed and delivered by the Guarantor to the Sellers.

Article IX 

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 9.1. Survival. The representations and warranties in Articles 
III and IV as of the date hereof (in each case as qualified in the Schedules) 
are the only representations and warranties made by the Sellers to the 
Buyer with respect to the sale of the Shares. The representations and 
warranties in Article V as of the date hereof (in each case as qualified in 
the Schedules) are the only representations and warranties made by the 
Buyer to the Sellers with respect to the purchase of the Shares. All 
representations, warranties, agreements, covenants and obligations herein 
shall survive the Closing until their respective expiration pursuant to 
sections 9.3(c), 9.5(b), 9.6(c), 9.2(f) or 9.2(g) and shall not merge into 
the performance of any obligation by any party hereto regardless of any 
investigation except as provided in the last sentence of this section 9.1. 
Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no party 
hereto may rely on any representation or warranty made by another party 
herein or in any Schedule if such party had actual knowledge that such 
representation or warranty was not true, complete and accurate in all 
material respects on and as of the date hereof and no Buyer Indemnified 
Party or Seller Indemnified Party shall have any right to indemnification 
pursuant to this Article or otherwise with respect to any such 
representation or warranty; provided, however, that nothing in this 
section 9.1 shall limit or in any way affect the rights of Buyer Indemnified 
Parties to indemnification or reimbursement for Tax, pension or 
Environmental Claims as provided in sections 9.2(c), 9.2(f), 9.2(g) and 
9.6, which shall be available in accordance with the terms hereof 
regardless of any knowledge or investigation of any party hereto.

Section 9.2. Indemnification by the Principal Sellers. The Principal 
Sellers severally in accordance with the percentages set forth on Schedule 
9.2 hereto on behalf of themselves and their respective successors, 
executors, administrators, estates, heirs, assigns and trusts funded with 
the proceeds of the Shares shall, subject to sections 9.3 and 9.6, 
indemnify and hold harmless subsequent to the Closing the Guarantor, the 
Buyer and each of their direct or indirect Subsidiaries (including the 
Company after the Closing) and their successors, assigns, officers, 
directors, employees and agents (a "Buyer Indemnified Party") from and 
against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, obligations, damages, 
deficiencies, actions, suits, proceedings, demands, assessments, orders, 
judgments, fines, penalties, costs and expenses (including without 
limitation the reasonable fees, disbursements, and expenses of attorneys, 
accountants and consultants) of any kind or nature whatsoever (whether or 
not arising out of third-party claims and including all amounts paid in 
investigation, defense or settlement of the foregoing) other than 
consequential damages (except as specifically provided for to the contrary 
in section 9.6), which may be sustained or suffered by any such Buyer 
Indemnified Party (a "Loss" or "Losses"), based upon, arising out of, by 
reason of or otherwise in respect of: 

(a) any breach of any representation or warranty made by 
the Principal Sellers in Article III or by any Seller in Article IV of this 
Agreement; 

(b) any breach of any covenant or agreement made by any 
Seller in this Agreement;

(c) Losses with respect to Taxes of the Company 
(including any predecessor or affiliate thereof) which relate to periods 
prior to the Closing Date, including, but not limited to, the failure of the 
Company (i) to pay or adequately accrue for all Taxes for its fiscal year 
ended December 31, 1993 and for the fiscal year which will end on the 
Closing Date and (ii) to make all payments of estimated Taxes for its 
fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 and for the fiscal year which will 
end on the Closing Date which are required to be made before the Closing 
Date to avoid any estimated Tax penalties or interest charges;

(d) liabilities (including, without limitation, (i) any and all 
claims for injury (including death), claims for damage, or product liability 
claims resulting from products sold or services provided by the Company 
prior to the Closing Date, (ii) other personal injury or property damage 
claims relating to events occurring prior to the Closing Date, (iii) amounts 
due in connection with any Employee Program maintained or contributed 
to by the Company prior to the Closing Date and (iv) Losses relating to 
the failure of the Company to comply with applicable laws or regulations) 
relating to activities of the Company or the conduct of its businesses prior 
to the Closing Date except for liabilities (I) stated or adequately reserved 
against on the Financials or reflected in the footnotes thereto, (II) reflected 
in the Schedules to this Agreement or (III) incurred in the ordinary course 
of the business of the Company subsequent to the Balance Sheet Date and 
on a basis consistent with the terms of this Agreement; 

(e) any fees or expenses (including legal fees and 
accounting fees) relating primarily to this Agreement or any transactions 
contemplated hereby incurred by the Company prior to the Closing, 
provided that the Company may accrue non-transactional legal and 
accounting expenses of the Company from the Balance Sheet Date through 
the date hereof, provided that in the event of any payment or accrual of 
any transactional fees and expenses, the Representatives shall make 
prompt reimbursement thereof, which reimbursement shall not be made 
from the Escrow Fund. The Buyer shall have the right to audit the legal 
fees and accounting expenses of the Company to verify that they are non-
transaction related. 

(f) any Losses or Taxes incurred on or prior to September 
30, 1997 in connection with or arising out of or resulting from or incident 
to (i) claims with respect to benefits under the Pension Plan (other than 
claims for benefits in the ordinary course pursuant to the Pension Plan) 
which relate to acts or omissions occurring prior to the Closing Date, 
(ii) the submission by the Company of the Pension Plan to the Internal 
Revenue Service requesting that the Internal Revenue Service issue a 
favorable determination letter to the effect that the Pension Plan is a 
qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code, (iii) any other 
determination by the Internal Revenue Service that the Pension Plan was 
not or, but for the payment of any such amounts, would not be deemed to 
be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code as a result of the 
terms or operation of the Pension Plan as of or prior to the Closing Date, 
(iv) any other operational or compliance requirement with respect to the 
Pension Plan prior to the Closing Date, and (v) a breach of section 6.10 
hereof; provided, however, that the indemnification provided for under 
(ii) and (iii) hereof with respect to any settlement agreed to with the 
Internal Revenue Service shall be contingent on the Buyer Indemnified 
Parties receiving the consent of the Representatives to such settlement 
prior to its payment, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed; and 

(g) any Losses or Taxes relating to any withdrawal liability 
actually incurred by the Company on or prior to July 28, 1999 under 
Title IV of ERISA with respect to the Local 888 Pension Fund identified 
on Schedule 3.20; provided, however, that no Losses shall be payable 
under this section 9.2(g) in excess of the amount of such withdrawal 
liability if the Company had withdrawn from the plan on the Closing Date 
as provided in writing to the Representatives and the Company by the 
actuary for the plan as decreased 20% of the original amount thereof on 
each anniversary of the Closing Date. 

The Company shall control and conduct any proceeding 
which may give rise to any indemnification pursuant to Section 9.2(f) or 
9.2(g), provided that the Company shall consult with the Representatives 
in connection therewith and shall use reasonable efforts in good faith to 
present any reasonable positions of the Representatives in connection with 
any such proceedings.

The rights of Buyer Indemnified Parties to recover 
indemnification in respect of any occurrence referred to in clauses (b) 
through (g) of this section 9.2 shall not be limited by the fact that such 
occurrence may not constitute an inaccuracy in or breach of any 
representation or warranty referred to in clause (a) of this section 9.2.

Section 9.3. Limitations on Indemnification by the Principal Sellers. 
The rights of Buyer Indemnified Parties entitled to indemnification under 
this Article IX shall be limited as follows:

(a) General Threshold. Subject to the exceptions set forth 
in sections 9.3(d) and 9.6, the Principal Sellers shall not be obligated to 
indemnify Buyer Indemnified Parties except to the extent the cumulative 
amount of Losses exceeds Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 
($250,000), whereupon the amount of all such Losses in excess of One 
Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) shall be recoverable 
in accordance with the terms hereof.

(b) General Maximum Indemnification. Subject to the 
exceptions set forth in section 9.3(d), the Principal Sellers shall not be 
obligated to indemnify Buyer Indemnified Parties after the cumulative 
amount of any Loss (including any Loss with respect to Environmental 
Claims pursuant to section 9.6, but subject to section 9.3(d)(ii)) paid by 
Seller Indemnified Parties to or on behalf of any Buyer Indemnified 
Parties under this Agreement exceeds Six Million Seven Hundred Fifty 
Thousand Dollars ($6,750,000).

(c) Time Limits for Claims. Except as provided in 
section 9.6(c) relating to Environmental Claims and sections 9.2(f) and 
9.2(g) relating to certain pension matters, no claim for indemnification 
may be made by any Buyer Indemnified Party with respect to Losses 
unless the written notice required by section 9.8 hereof in respect of such 
Losses shall have been received by the Representatives on a date prior to 
the date 18 months following the Closing Date; provided, however, that 
the limitation of this paragraph (c) shall not apply to Losses described in 
section 9.3(d), indemnification with respect to which shall expire upon the 
termination of the applicable statute of limitations relating to the subject 
matter covered by such section; and provided further, however, that 
anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if prior to the 
applicable date of expiration a specific state of facts shall have become 
known which is reasonably likely to constitute or give rise to any Loss as 
to which indemnity is reasonably likely to be payable and a Buyer 
Indemnified Party shall have timely given written notice of such facts to 
the Representatives, then the right to indemnification with respect thereto 
shall remain in effect until such matter shall have been finally determined 
and disposed of, and any indemnification due in respect thereof shall have 
been paid.

(d) Dollar-for-Dollar Claims.

(i) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to 
the contrary, Buyer Indemnified Parties shall not be subject to any 
limitation, whether pursuant to this section 9.3 hereof or otherwise, and 
shall be entitled to dollar-for-dollar recovery, in seeking indemnification 
from the Principal Sellers with respect to the following:

(1) Losses arising from common law fraud or willful breach (but not as a 
result of negligence, inadvertency or recklessness) on the part of any 
Seller; 

(2) Losses involving a breach by any Seller of any of the representations, 
warranties and covenants contained in sections 3.3, 3.23(iv), 3.24 and 
4.1.;

(3) Losses referred to in sections 9.2(c) or 9.2(e); and

(4) Losses for fines or penalties referred to in the last paragraph of 
Section 9.6(b).

(ii) Indemnification pursuant to this section 9.3(d) shall not be counted 
against the maximum amount set forth in section 9.3(b), except that the 
first $1,500,000 of Losses referred to in section 9.2(c) shall be so 
counted.

(iii)Indemnification pursuant to sections 9.2(f) and 9.2(g) shall not be 
subject to section 9.3(a) but shall be subject to section 9.3(b).

Section 9.4. Indemnification by Buyer. The Buyer on behalf of itself 
and its successors and assigns shall, subject to sections 9.5 and 9.6, 
indemnify and hold harmless subsequent to the Closing each Seller and 
each of their executors, administrators, estates, heirs, successors and 
assigns, HM and each of its partners, officers and agents (a "Seller 
Indemnified Party") from and against any and all losses, liabilities, 
claims, obligations, damages, deficiencies, actions, suits, proceedings, 
demands, assessments, orders, judgments, fines, penalties, costs and 
expenses (including without limitation the reasonable fees, disbursements, 
and expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants) of any kind or 
nature whatsoever (whether or not arising out of third-party claims and 
including all amounts paid in investigation, defense or settlement of the 
foregoing), other than consequential damages, which may be sustained or 
suffered by any such Seller Indemnified Party (a "Seller Loss" or "Seller 
Losses"), based upon, arising out of, by reason of or otherwise in respect 
of:

(a) any breach of any representation or warranty made by 
the Buyer in Article V of this Agreement; and

(b) any breach or any covenant or agreement made by the 
Buyer in this Agreement.

The rights of Seller Indemnified Parties to recover 
indemnification in respect of any occurrence referred to in clause (b) of 
this section 9.4 shall not be limited by the fact that such occurrence may 
not constitute an inaccuracy in or breach of any representation or warranty 
referred to in clause (a) of this section 9.4.

Section 9.5. Limitation on Indemnification by Buyer. The Rights of 
Seller Indemnified Parties entitled to indemnification under this Article IX 
shall be limited as follows:

(a) General Threshold. Subject to the exceptions set forth 
in section 9.5(c), the Buyer shall not be obligated to indemnify Seller 
Indemnified Parties except to the extent the cumulative amount of Seller 
Losses exceeds Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000), 
whereupon the amount of such Seller Losses in excess of One Hundred 
Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($125,000) shall be recoverable in 
accordance with the terms hereof.

(b) Time Limits for Claims. Except as provided in section 
9.6(c) as to Environmental Claims, no claim for indemnification may be 
made by any Seller Indemnified Party with respect to Seller Losses unless 
the written notice required by section 9.8 hereof in respect of such Seller 
Losses shall have been received by the Buyer on a date prior to the date 
18 months following the Closing Date; provided, however, that the 
limitation of this paragraph (b) shall not apply to Seller Losses described 
in section 9.5(c), indemnification with respect to which shall expire upon 
the termination of the applicable statute of limitations relating to the 
subject matter covered by such section; and provided further, however, 
that, anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if prior to 
the applicable date of expiration a specific state of facts shall have become 
known which is reasonably likely to constitute or give rise to any Seller 
Loss as to which indemnity is reasonably likely to be payable and a Seller 
Indemnified Party shall have timely given written notice of such facts to 
the Buyer, then the right to indemnification with respect thereto shall 
remain in effect until such matter shall have been finally determined and 
disposed of, and any indemnification due in respect thereof shall have 
been paid.

(c) Dollar-for-Dollar Claims. Notwithstanding anything 
herein to the contrary, Seller Indemnified Parties shall not be subject to 
any limitation, whether pursuant to this section 9.5 or otherwise, and shall 
be entitled to dollar-for-dollar recovery, in seeking indemnification from 
the Buyer with respect to the following:

(i) Seller Losses arising from common law fraud or 
willful breach (but not as a result of negligence, inadvertency or 
recklessness) on the part of the Buyer; and

(ii) Seller Losses involving a breach by the Buyer 
of any of its agreements and covenants contained in section 6.1.

Section 9.6. Responsibility for Environmental Claims.

(a) Environmental Claims; Limitations. Anything 
contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, it is the express 
intention of the parties that the allocation of costs and expenses among the 
parties with respect to Environmental Claims shall be governed 
exclusively by the express provisions of this section 9.6. Without limiting 
the foregoing sentence, no representation, warranty, covenant or 
agreement in this Agreement other than the provisions of this section 9.6 
shall be the basis for any Seller liability to any Buyer Indemnified Party 
or for any Buyer liability to any Seller Indemnified Party in respect of any 
Environmental Claim.

For the purposes of this section 9.6 only, the term "Loss" 
or "Losses" shall include Losses and Seller Losses sustained or suffered 
by any Buyer Indemnified Party or any Seller Indemnified Party. For the 
purposes of this Agreement, an "Environmental Claim" shall mean any 
claim for a Loss, including, for purposes of this section 9.6 only any 
consequential damages, incurred, resulting or arising directly or indirectly 
from the use, storage, discharge, presence or transportation, in each case 
prior to the Closing Date, of any Hazardous Materials on, in, upon or 
from any Property, including, without limitation, any such Loss resulting 
from the transportation or shipping of Hazardous Materials from any 
Property, or the migration from any Property at any time of any 
Hazardous Materials deposited upon or released from any Property prior 
to the Closing Date, or the violation prior to the Closing Date of any 
Environmental Law (as in effect on or prior to the Closing Date).

Further, the term Loss from an Environmental Claim shall 
be deemed to include (in addition to those items referred to as a Loss in 
section 9.2 hereof or as a Seller Loss in section 9.4 hereof), but shall not 
be limited to, remediation, fines and penalties, and any Buyer Indemnified 
Party or Seller Indemnified Party may seek to recover costs associated 
therewith under the provisions of this section 9.6. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing provisions, any Losses paid or accruable prior to the Closing 
Date (other than Losses referred to in the final paragraph of this section 
9.6(a)) by the Company or the Sellers for any Environmental Claims shall 
not be subject to reimbursement to the Seller Indemnified Parties pursuant 
to this section 9.6. Losses for Environmental Claims shall not include 
any costs and expenses relating to:

(i) the operation from and after the Closing Date of 
the waste water treatment discharge system presently existing on the 
Premises, including the various pipes, tanks and leaching pools used to 
dispose of the Company's waste water, or improvements thereto not 
required under Environmental Laws (as in effect as of the Closing Date), 
provided, however, that if, as of the Closing Date, the waste water 
treatment discharge system and the effluent therefrom are not in 
compliance with applicable laws, including Environmental Laws, or, 
independent of such compliance, the operation or the structural integrity 
of this system in the ordinary course is causing the release of any 
contamination onto, upon or from the Premises, the parties hereby agree 
that any costs or expenses sustained or incurred to achieve such 
compliance or address any such release shall be shared on the basis of 
section 9.6(b); or

(ii) the fulfillment from and after the Closing Date 
of the Company's obligations and responsibilities under the Maintenance 
Plan only with respect to the monitoring and testing of ground water at 
those monitoring wells as presently in existence on the Premises and the 
supplying of testing results from such monitoring wells to the NYSDEC, 
provided, however, that the foregoing exclusions in this paragraph are not 
intended to exclude (from the definition of an Environmental Claim) a 
Loss, including, but not limited to, remediation, fines or penalties, 
incurred, resulting, or arising from a condition, event or omission 
occurring prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Maintenance Plan or 
otherwise.

With respect to the exclusions set forth in subsections (i) and (ii) above, 
where the cause of any such Loss cannot be reasonably directly attributed 
to the post-Closing Date operation or fulfillment, respectively, then for 
purposes of this section 9.6, the parties shall assume that the event 
occurred prior to the Closing Date.

If and to the extent that an Environmental Claim involves 
remediation, wherever reasonably practicable under the circumstances, the 
Buyer shall give the Representatives the reasonable opportunity to review 
and comment upon any agreement proposed to be entered into by any 
Buyer Indemnified Party in connection with any remediation; provided, 
however, that the foregoing shall not limit any Buyer Indemnified Party's 
right to take any action that it deems reasonable or the fact that any such 
amounts shall constitute Losses for the purposes of this section 9.6. For 
purposes of this section 9.6, the reasonableness of any Buyer Indemnified 
Party's actions shall be judged from the perspective of a reasonable owner 
of a business who intends to own and operate the business for the 
indefinite foreseeable future and not from the perspective of an indemnitor 
who may not be responsible for Losses incurred after 30 months from the 
Closing Date.

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this 
section 9.6, the parties hereby agree to remediate those portions of the 
Premises described in an agreed upon preliminary plan of remediation and 
further agree to the terms of such plan as well as acknowledge that the 
costs of such remediation, together with any modifications or additions to 
the plan of remediation (which shall be reviewed with the Representatives 
as set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph) hereafter deemed 
reasonable by any Buyer Indemnified Party, are subject to indemnification 
under the terms of this section 9.6, including the limitations set forth in 
section 9.6(b) hereof. 

(b) Subject to section 9.6(a) hereof, the Principal Sellers, 
on the one hand, and the Buyer and the Company, on the other hand, shall 
be responsible for Losses incurred by any Buyer Indemnified Party or 
Seller Indemnified Party based upon, arising out of or by reason of other 
otherwise in respect of any Environmental Claims in the following 
amounts: (i) the first $2,400,00 of such Losses shall be payable 50% 
jointly and severally by the Buyer and the Company and 50% by the 
Principal Sellers; (ii) the next $2,600,000 of such Losses shall be payable 
62.5% jointly and severally by the Buyer and the Company and 37.5% by 
the Principal Sellers; (iii) the next Losses until the cumulative amount of 
any such Losses paid by the Principal Sellers (and not otherwise 
reimbursed by Buyer Indemnified Parties hereunder) under this 
Agreement equals $6,750,000 (as reduced by Losses previously paid by 
the Principal Sellers pursuant to this Article IX, subject to section 9.3(d) 
hereof) shall be payable 75% jointly and severally by the Buyer and the 
Company and 25% by the Principal Sellers; and (iv) the Principal Sellers 
shall have no indemnification or other reimbursement obligations under 
this section 9.6 for any additional Losses from Environmental Claims 
incurred by any Buyer Indemnified Party and any further Seller Losses 
from any Environmental Claims shall not be subject to reimbursement 
under the terms of this section 9.6 and each party shall bear its own 
Losses in such cases.

The Buyer or the Company, jointly and severally, on the 
one hand, and the Principal Sellers, on the other hand, as applicable, shall 
promptly reimburse each other for any Losses incurred by any Buyer 
Indemnified Party or any Seller Indemnified Party resulting from any 
Environmental Claims to the extent necessary to give full effect to the 
provisions of section 9.6(b)(i), (ii) and (iii), as further contemplated by 
sections 9.8 and 9.11 hereof. Anything contained herein to the contrary 
notwithstanding, any amounts payable by the Principal Sellers with 
respect to any Losses related to Environmental Claims shall be expressly 
subject to the limits contained in section 9.3(b) but shall not be subject the 
limits contained in section 9.3(a) and shall be paid on a several basis as 
contemplated in section 9.2.

The parties agree that the costs of any remediation after the 
Closing Date within the parameters of this Agreement, including, but not 
limited, to remediation mandated by the government or regulatory agency 
thereof, shall be addressed by the indemnification and reimbursement 
provisions of this section 9.6 and not by the dollar for dollar 
indemnification under section 9.3(d)(i)(4) hereof. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the parties further agree that the Principal Sellers shall pay any 
penalties or fines assessed by any government or regulatory agency 
thereof for non-compliance with, or the lack of timeliness of complying 
with, the reporting, disclosure or any other requirements of the 
Maintenance Plan or applicable laws or regulations, including 
Environmental Laws, in connection with any activity, including, without 
limitation, investigation or remediation, conducted prior the Closing Date 
regarding the Property and such fines and penalties shall not be 
considered to be Losses under this section 9.6. To the extent that any 
such fines or penalties are assessed against any Buyer Indemnified Party, 
including the Company, the Buyer Indemnified Party shall be entitled to 
recover such costs dollar for dollar from the Principal Sellers pursuant to 
section 9.3(d)(i)(4) hereof and such Losses shall not be counted against 
the formula set forth in this section 9.6(b) and shall not be subject to the 
limits contained in section 9.3(a), 9.3(b) and 9.6(c) hereof.

(c) Time Limits for Claims. No claim for 
indemnification or reimbursement may be made by any Buyer Indemnified 
Party or Seller Indemnified Party with respect to Losses for 
Environmental Claims unless the written notice required by section 9.8 
hereof in respect of such Losses shall have been received by the 
Representatives or the Buyer (as the case may be) on a date prior to the 
date 30 months following the Closing Date; provided, however, that 
notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if prior to the 
applicable date of expiration an Environmental Claim shall have been 
made or if a specific set of facts shall have become known which is 
reasonably likely to constitute or give rise to any Loss as to which 
indemnity or reimbursement is reasonably likely to be payable under this 
section 9.6 and a Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party 
shall have given written notice of such Environmental Claims or facts to 
the Representatives or the Buyer (as the case may be), then the mutual 
right to indemnification or reimbursement with respect thereto shall 
remain in full force and effect until said matter shall have been finally 
determined and disposed of, and any indemnification or reimbursement 
due in respect thereof shall have been paid.

(d) Covenant not to Sue, etc. The Buyer shall not and 
shall use reasonable efforts to cause each Buyer Indemnified Party 
(including the Company) not to commence any action against any Seller 
Indemnified Party or interplead or implead any Seller Indemnified Party 
into any action with respect to any Environmental Claim. The Sellers 
shall not and shall use reasonable efforts to cause each Seller Indemnified 
Party not to commence any action against any Buyer Indemnified Party 
(including the Company) or interplead or implead any Buyer Indemnified 
Party (including the Company) into any action with respect to any 
Environmental Claim. Nothing herein shall limit any party's right to 
enforce its rights under this section 9.6 and any such action shall proceed 
separately from any proceeding relating to any Environmental Claim.

(e) Agreement Controls. The allocation of Losses 
among the parties with respect to Environmental Claims contained in 
section 9.6(b) hereof shall be governed exclusively by such provision 
notwithstanding any allocation of such costs and expenses among the 
parties that might be made pursuant to common law, any other 
Environmental Law or otherwise in the absence of the express agreement 
contained in this section 9.6(b).

(f) Environmental Claims above the Cost Sharing 
Formula. Each party shall bear its own Losses resulting from any 
Environmental Claims incurred by any Buyer Indemnified Party or Seller 
Indemnified Party in excess of the amounts referred to in sections 
9.6(b)(i), (ii) and (iii).

Section 9.7. Escrow Fund. 

(a) In the event of any Loss, a Buyer 
Indemnified Party shall be required to seek indemnification or 
reimbursement from the Escrow Fund prior to obtaining recovery from 
any Principal Seller directly, but shall have recourse to the Principal 
Sellers to the extent contemplated herein if and to the extent the Escrow 
Fund is insufficient fully to provide for such claims. The Representatives 
and Buyer shall agree to give prompt direction to the Escrow Agent 
directing the release of funds to satisfy indemnification or reimbursement 
obligations arising out of this Article IX.

(b) At such time as the federal and New York State Tax 
audits described in Schedule 9.7 are finally resolved at the administrative 
level, the Buyer and the Representatives shall provide prompt notice to the 
Escrow Agent in the form of Exhibit 1 to the Escrow Agreement 
directing the Escrow Agent to distribute to the Representatives the 
positive difference, if any, between up to $1,500,000 of the then existing 
balance of the Escrow Fund and the sum of (i) the Losses paid, if any, to 
resolve the specified Tax audits and (ii) the amounts necessary to cover 
any pending claims for indemnification made by any Buyer Indemnified 
Party pursuant to this Article IX. At such time as the Buyer Indemnified 
Parties' right to indemnification or reimbursement for Environmental 
Claims has expired pursuant to section 9.6(c), the Buyer and the 
Representatives shall provide prompt notice to the Escrow Agent in the 
form of Exhibit 1 to the Escrow Agreement directing the Escrow Agent 
to distribute to the Representatives the remaining balance, if any, of the 
Escrow Fund, less the amounts necessary to cover any pending claims of 
indemnification made by any Buyer Indemnified Party pursuant to this 
Article IX, including any amounts sufficient to cover any pending Tax 
audit matters not yet resolved. The monies finally distributed to the 
Representatives hereunder shall include any interest or other amounts 
earned on the Escrow Fund.

Section 9.8. Notice; Defense of Claims. (a) A Buyer Indemnified 
Party or a Seller Indemnified Party is referred to herein as an 
"Indemnified Party." The party providing indemnification to an 
Indemnified Party is referred to herein as an "Indemnifying Party." An 
Indemnified Party shall give written notice to the Indemnifying Party (and 
the Escrow Agent, if indemnification is being claimed from the Escrow 
Fund) promptly, and in any event not later than 60 Business Days after 
assertion of any written claim by any third party or the discovery of any 
facts upon which an Indemnified Party intends to base a claim for 
indemnification or reimbursement pursuant to this Article IX, specifying 
in reasonable detail the amount, nature and source of the claim, and 
including therewith copies of any notices or other documents received 
from third parties with respect to such claim; provided, however, that 
failure to give such notice shall not limit the right of an Indemnified Party 
to recover indemnity or reimbursement except to the extent that the 
Indemnifying Party suffers any material damages as a result of such 
failure. The Indemnified Party shall also provide the Indemnifying Party 
with such further information concerning any such claims as the 
Indemnifying Party may reasonably request by written notice.

(b) Within 30 days after receiving notice of a claim for 
indemnification or reimbursement, the Indemnifying Party shall, by 
written notice to the Indemnified Party (and the Escrow Agent, if 
indemnification is being claimed from the Escrow Fund), either (1) 
concede or deny liability for the claim in whole or in part, or (2) in the 
case of a claim asserted by a third party, advise that the matters set forth 
in the notice are, or will be, subject to contest or legal proceedings not yet 
finally resolved. If the Indemnifying Party concedes liability in whole or 
in part, it shall, within 15 days of such concession, (i) pay the amount of 
the claim to the Indemnified Party to the extent of the liability conceded 
and/or (ii) if indemnification or reimbursement is being claimed from the 
Escrow Fund, provide joint notice with the Indemnified Party to the 
Escrow Agent that a payment should be made to the Indemnified Party 
from the Escrow Fund indicating the amount of such distribution. Any 
such payment shall be made in immediately available funds equal to the 
amount of such claim so payable. If the Indemnifying Party denies 
liability in whole or in part or advises that the matters set forth in the 
notice are, or will be, subject to contest or legal proceedings not yet 
finally resolved, then the Indemnifying Party or the Escrow Agent (as the 
case may be) shall make no distribution (except for the amount of any 
conceded liability payable as set forth above) until the matter is resolved 
in accordance with this Agreement.

(c) In the event an indemnification claim relates to any 
suit, action or proceeding brought by any third party against an 
Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall 
have the right, at Indemnifying Party's expense, with counsel to the 
mutual satisfaction of such parties, to jointly control the defense of any 
such suit, action or proceeding. The Indemnifying Party shall have no 
liability for the Indemnified Parties' legal fees and expenses other than 
those with respect to the counsel retained to the mutual satisfaction of 
such parties. The Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall 
consult and cooperate in good faith with each other with respect to all 
significant aspects of any such defense. Such cooperation shall include 
but not be limited to keeping the other party informed of all material 
developments with regard to the defense and providing the other party 
with copies of all pleadings and other material correspondence with 
respect to any such defense. No settlement of any action for which 
indemnification may be payable hereunder shall be made without the prior 
written consent of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, 
which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, 
however, that if any Indemnified Party refuses or fails to consent to a 
proposed settlement and the matter is thereafter disposed of at a greater 
cost than would have resulted if such settlement had been consented to, 
the Indemnifying Party shall not be responsible for such incremental cost. 
The provisions of this section 9.8(c) shall not apply to: (i) Tax matters, 
for which the provisions of section 9.8(d) shall apply, (ii) Environmental 
Claims referred to in section 9.8(e), and (iii) certain pension matters 
subject to sections 9.2(f) and 9.2(g).

(d) In the case of any proposed or actual assessment of Tax 
liabilities for which any Buyer Indemnified Party is entitled to 
indemnification from the Principal Sellers as provided herein, in addition 
to the provisions set forth above in sections 9.8(a) and 9.8(b), the 
Representatives (at the Principal Sellers' expense) may request that the 
Company contest such proposed or actual assessment in the manner 
directed by the Representatives (in consultation with the Buyer) through 
the administrative review or appeal procedures available under the 
relevant Tax laws and regulations. If the pursuit of such administrative 
remedies by the Company is unsuccessful, the Buyer shall be entitled to 
cause the Company to pay the Tax (and any penalties and interest) and be 
entitled to indemnification from the Principal Sellers; provided, however, 
that if within ten (10) days of receipt from the Buyer of notice of its 
intention to do so, the Representatives shall notify the Buyer of its desire 
to contest the proposed or assessed Tax deficiency in the courts, the 
Principal Sellers shall be entitled to do so at the Principal Sellers' 
expense, provided (i) there is, in the opinion of the Principal Sellers' 
counsel acceptable to the Buyer (exercised in good faith), a reasonable 
likelihood of prevailing on the merits of such proposed or assessed Tax 
deficiency, (ii) the Representatives in good faith diligently contest such 
proposed or assessed Tax deficiency and (iii) the Principal Sellers pay 
(subject to their entitlement to a refund if their efforts are successful) the 
deficiency and any penalties and interest, provided, however, that if the 
Principal Sellers elect to litigate the Tax controversy in a court in which 
litigation of the Tax controversy prior to the payment of the asserted Tax 
liability is possible, then the Principal Sellers shall not be obligated to pay 
such Tax until ten (10) days after the filing with the court of the papers 
necessary to confer jurisdiction on the court. The Buyer shall cause the 
Company to cooperate with the Representatives for such purposes. The 
Buyer shall be entitled to prompt reimbursement for any out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred from time to time by the Buyer or the Company 
pursuant to this section 9.8(d).

(e) The Company shall control and conduct any proceeding 
which may give rise to any indemnification pursuant to section 9.6, 
subject to the provisions of section 9.6.

Section 9.9. Characterization of Indemnity Payments. The Buyer and 
the Sellers agree to treat any payment made by the Principal Sellers under 
this Article IX as an adjustment to the Purchase Price.

Section 9.10. Recoveries. The amount of any Losses suffered, 
sustained, incurred or required to be paid by any Indemnified Person shall 
be reduced by the amount of any insurance proceeds and other amounts 
paid to the Indemnified Person by any Person not a party to this 
Agreement. In calculating any Losses for which indemnification is 
provided under this Article IX or for which the allocation and 
reimbursement of Losses is provided under section 9.6, the amount of any 
such Losses shall be made on an after-tax basis as defined in section 9.12.

Section 9.11. Payment of Losses. The Indemnifying Person shall pay to 
the Indemnified Person in immediately available funds the amount of any 
Loss to which the Indemnified Person may become entitled by reason of 
the provisions of this Article IX, such payment to be made within fifteen 
(15) days after such Losses are finally determined either by mutual 
agreement of the parties hereto or the Arbitrator.

Section 9.12. Meaning of After-Tax Basis

(a) For purposes of this Article IX, all indemnification 
payments shall be made on an "after-tax" basis to a Buyer Indemnified 
Party. For the purpose of this agreement on an "after-tax basis" shall be 
made net of Tax Benefits, which the Buyer Indemnified Party has received 
or will receive in the taxable year in which the Loss is paid or incurred in 
respect of the Loss giving rise to such payment. As used herein, the term 
"Tax Benefit" shall mean the Federal, state and local tax savings that have 
resulted or will result from any tax deduction or tax credit that (i) the 
Buyer Indemnified Party has claimed or will claim (as described in sec-
tion 9.12(b)) on a Federal, state or local income tax return filed for the 
tax year of the Company in which the Loss is paid or incurred and (ii) is 
directly attributable to such Loss. The term "Tax Benefit" shall not 
include any tax savings attributable to a depreciation, amortization or 
similar deduction attributable to the required capitalization of a Loss. It 
shall be assumed that the Buyer Indemnified Party is subject to the 
maximum marginal Federal, state and local tax rates for a corporation 
doing business in New York, unless the Buyer Indemnified Party's 
independent certified public accountant certifies that such Buyer 
Indemnified Party is subject to a different rate, in which case such 
different rate shall apply.

(b) Each Buyer Indemnified Party agrees that it will, in 
good faith, claim on a current basis all deductions to which it is legally 
entitled as a result of a Loss. As used herein "good faith" shall mean the 
obligation to claim, for Federal, state and local income tax purposes, all 
tax deductions and tax credits to which the Buyer Indemnified Party is 
entitled, and would otherwise reflect on an income tax return in a manner 
that is consistent with prior practice and in accordance with applicable 
law, without regard to the entitlement of such Buyer Indemnified Party to 
any indemnification payment pursuant to the terms of Article IX. In the 
event that the Representatives assert that the Buyer Indemnified Party has 
breached its good faith obligation, in accordance with this good faith 
standard, by failing to claim all tax deductions and tax credits that are 
available to the Company, the determination of whether the Buyer 
Indemnified Party has breached its good faith obligation shall be made by 
the Arbitrator.

Article X 

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1. Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the 
following terms shall have the following meanings unless the context 
otherwise requires:

(a) "Agreement" means this Stock Purchase Agreement.

(b) "Arbitrator" shall have the meaning set forth in section 6.6 hereof.

(c) "Balance Sheet Date" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.6 
hereof.

(d) "Balance Sheet" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.6 hereof.

(e) "Business Day" means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and 
Friday which is not a day in which banking institutions in Nassau 
County, New York, are authorized or obligated by law or executive 
order to close. Any event the scheduled occurrence of which would 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day shall be deferred until the 
next succeeding Business Day.

(f) "Buyer Indemnified Party" shall have the meaning set forth in section 
9.2 hereof.

(g) "Buyer" means Jameco Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

(h) "Closing Date" means the date upon which the Closing occurs.

(i) "Closing Payment" shall have the meaning set forth in section 1.2(b) 
hereof.

(j) "Closing" shall mean the closing referred to in section 2.2 hereof.

(k) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(l) "Company" means Jameco Industries, Inc., a New York corporation.

(m) "David" means David Chasin, an individual.

(n) "Employee Program" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.20 
hereof.

(o) "Environment" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.21 hereof.

(p) "Environmental Claim" shall have the meaning set forth in section 
9.6(a) hereof.

(q) "Environmental Laws" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.21 
hereof.

(r) "Escrow Agent" shall have the meaning set forth in section 1.2(d) hereof.

(s) "Escrow Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in section 1.2(d) 
hereof.

(t) "Escrow Fund" shall have the meaning set forth in section 1.2(d) hereof.

(u) "Escrow Payment" shall have the meaning set forth in section 1.2(b) 
hereof.

(v) "Ethel" means Ethel S. Lipman, an individual.

(w) "Financials" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.6 hereof.

(x) "Guarantor" shall mean Watts Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

(y) "Guaranty Agreement" shall mean the guaranty agreement of the Guarantor 
in the form of Exhibit 10.1 hereof.

(z) "Gloria" means Gloria Lipman, an individual.

(aa) "Harry's Policies" shall have the meaning set forth in section 6.2(b) 
hereof.

(ab) "Harry" means Harry Lipman, an individual.

(ac) "Hazardous Material" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.21 
hereof.

(ad) "HM" shall mean H.M. Realty Co.

(ae) "HSR Act" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 
1976, as amended; and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(af) "Ilene Trust" means the Walter Lipman Trust for the benefit of Ilene 
Burstein, an individual.

(ag) "IRS" shall mean the Internal Revenue Service.

(ah) "JESC" shall mean Jameco Export Sales Corporation, a U.S. Virgin 
Islands corporation.

(ai) "Joshua Trust" means the Walter Lipman Trust for 
the benefit of Joshua Burstein, an individual.

(aj) "Innovative Computer" means Innovative Computer Concepts, Inc.

(ak) "Innovative Systems" means Innovative Computer Systems, Inc.

(al) "Kenneth" means Kenneth S. Lipman, an individual.

(am) "Knowledge" means, (a) with respect to the Principal Sellers, actual 
knowledge of any Principal Seller after completion of a reasonable 
investigation including, but not limited to, discussion and review of 
this Agreement with Sidney, Joel Sandberg, William Caufield and 
John A. Grieco, (b) with respect to any Seller, actual knowledge of 
such Seller and, (c) with respect to the Buyer, actual knowledge of 
the Buyer or any director or officer of the Buyer after completion of 
a reasonable investigation.

(an) "Lien" means and includes any lien, security interest, pledge, charge, 
option, right of first refusal, claim, mortgage, lease, easement or any 
other encumbrance or charge of any nature whatsoever.

(ao) "Loss" or "Losses" shall have the meanings set 
forth in section 9.2 hereof as modified by sections 9.6 and 9.10.

(ap) "Maintenance Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in 
section 3.21 hereof.

(aq) "Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to the Company, any 
change which, individually or in the aggregate, would have an adverse 
effect material to the businesses, assets, properties, operations, 
results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) or 
prospects of the Company taken as a whole.

(ar) "Michael" means Michael Lipman, an individual.

(as) "NYSDEC" means New York State Department of Environmental Conservation.

(at) "Permits" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.5 hereof.

(au) "Person" means any individual, corporation, general or limited 
partnership, firm, joint venture, association, enterprise, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity.

(av) "Peter" means Peter A. Lipman, an individual.

(aw) "Pension Plan" shall have the meaning set forth in section 6.10 hereof.

(ax) "Premises" shall have meaning set forth in section 3.21(a)(i) hereof.

(ay) "Principal Sellers" means Harry, Michael and Walter.

(az) "Property" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.21 hereof.

(ba) "Purchase Price" shall mean the purchase price of $29,503,030 for the 
sale of the Shares.

(bb) "Real Property Contract" shall have the meaning set forth in section 
10.15 hereof.

(bc) "Representatives" shall have the meaning set forth in section 2.1 
hereof.

(bd) "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(be) "Seller Indemnified Party" shall have the meaning 
set forth in section 9.4 hereof.

(bf) "Seller Loss" or "Seller Losses" shall have the meanings set forth 
in section 9.4 hereof as modified by section 9.6.

(bg) "Sellers" means Harry, Michael, Walter, Sidney, David, Kenneth, Peter,
Ethel, Gloria, the Ilene Trust, the Staci Trust and the Joshua Trust.

(bh) "Shares" shall mean all of the issued and outstanding shares of 
capital stock of the Company owned by the Sellers.

(bi) "Sidney" means Sidney Greenberg, an individual.

(bj) "Staci Trust" means the Walter Lipman Trust for 
the benefit of Staci Burstein, an individual.

(bk) "Subsidiary" shall have the meaning set forth in section 3.2 hereof.

(bl) "Tangible Property" means machinery, equipment, 
furniture, leasehold improvements, fixtures, vehicles, structures, 
any related capital items and other tangible property and which is 
treated by the Company as depreciable or amortizable property.

(bm) "Tax Return" means all returns, reports, forms or 
other information required to be filed with, or supplied to, any 
taxing authority (federal, state, local, foreign or otherwise) with 
respect to any Taxes.

(bn) "Tax" or "Taxes" means all taxes, estimated taxes, 
charges, fees, levies or other assessments, including, without 
limitation, all net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, 
rental, ad valorem, value added, transfer, transfer gains, franchise, 
profits, alternative minimum, license, withholding, employment, 
payroll, disability, excise, estimated, severance, stamp, 
occupation, property or other taxes, customs, duties, fees, 
assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any 
interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts 
imposed by any taxing authority (domestic or foreign).

(bo) "Tax Benefit" shall have the meaning set forth in 
section 9.12 hereof.

(bp) "Walter" means Walter Lipman, an individual.

Section 10.2. Fees and Expenses. Each of the parties hereto shall pay 
its own fees and expenses incident to the negotiation, preparation and 
execution of this Agreement, including the fees and expenses of any 
attorneys and accountants retained by such party in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby, except that the Company may bear any 
of the foregoing expenses of the Buyer if the transactions contemplated 
hereby are consummated and of the Sellers if the transaction contemplated 
hereby are not consummated.

Section 10.3. Notices. Any notice or other communication required or 
which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered 
personally, telecopied, or sent by certified, registered, or overnight 
courier, postage prepaid, to the parties at the following addresses or at 
such other addresses as shall be specified by the parties by like notice, and 
shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, telecopied, or if 
mailed, two days after the date of mailing, as follows:

(i) If to the Buyer, to it at:

Jameco Acquisition Corp.
815 Chestnut Street
North Andover, MA 01845
Attention: President

with a copy to:

Watts Industries, Inc.
815 Chestnut Street
North Andover, MA 01845
Attention: Corporate Counsel

with a copy to:

John R. LeClaire, P.C.
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
Exchange Place
Boston, MA 02109

(ii) If to the Representatives, to them at:

Harry Lipman
c/o Jameco Industries, Inc.
248 Wyandanch Avenue
Wyandanch, New York 11798

Michael Lipman
c/o Jameco Industries, Inc.
248 Wyandanch Avenue
Wyandanch, New York 11798

with a copy to:

Salamon, Gruber, Newman, Blaymore & Rothschild, P.C.
97 Powerhouse Road, Suite 102
Roslyn Heights, NY 11577
Attention: David Gruber, Esq.

and a copy to:

Battle Fowler
Park Avenue Tower
75 E. 55th Street
New York, NY 10022
Attention: Thomas E. Kruger

Section 10.4. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the 
Exhibits and Schedules hereto and the documents referred to herein and 
therein), the Escrow Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement and the Real 
Property Contract contain the entire agreements among the parties with 
respect to the purchase of the Shares and supersede all prior contracts and 
other agreements, written or oral, with respect thereto.

Section 10.5. Waivers and Amendments. This Agreement may be 
amended, modified, superseded, canceled, renewed or extended, and the 
terms and conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument 
signed by the parties hereto or, in the case of a waiver, by the party 
waiving compliance. The parties agree that the Representatives shall have 
the authority to act on behalf of the Sellers for the purpose of executing 
amendments and waivers to this Agreement. No delay on the part of any 
party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate 
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any party of any 
right, power or privilege hereunder, nor any single or partial exercise of 
any right, power or privilege hereunder, preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege 
hereunder. The rights and remedies of any party arising out of or 
otherwise in respect of any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation 
or warranty, or any failure to perform or comply with any covenant or 
agreement, contained in this Agreement shall in no way be limited by the 
fact that the act, omission, occurrence or other state of facts upon which 
any claim of any such inaccuracy, breach or failure is based may also be 
the subject matter of any other representation, warranty, covenant or 
agreement contained in this Agreement (or in any other agreement 
between the parties) as to which there is no inaccuracy, breach or failure.

Section 10.6. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, 
and construed and enforced in accordance with and subject to, the laws of 
the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed 
entirely within such State.

Section 10.7. Binding Effect; Benefit. This Agreement shall inure to 
the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns, executors, administrators, estates, heirs 
and trusts. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended 
to confer on any Person other than the parties hereto and any Indemnified 
Person or their respective successors and assigns, any rights, remedies, 
obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section 10.8. No Assignment. This Agreement is not assignable except 
by operation of law.

Section 10.9. Variations in Pronouns. All pronouns and any variations 
thereof refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as 
the identity of the person or persons may require.

Section 10.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or 
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of 
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Section 10.11. Exhibits and Schedules. The Exhibits and Schedules to 
this Agreement are a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein. 
Any reference to this Agreement or any provision hereof shall be deemed 
to include a reference to the Schedules and Exhibits hereto. The 
information included in each Schedule is hereby incorporated by reference 
into each other Schedule hereto, so that each representation and warranty 
contained herein shall be deemed to refer to and incorporate the 
information contained in all Schedules.

Section 10.12. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for 
reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 10.13. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or 
restriction of this Agreement, or any part thereof, is held by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or any foreign, federal, state, county or local 
government or any other governmental, regulatory or administrative 
agency or authority to be invalid, void, unenforceable, or against public 
policy for any reason, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants 
and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and 
shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

Section 10.14. Access to Books and Records After the Closing Date. 
Until the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Closing Date, Buyer shall give 
to Sellers during normal business hours reasonable access to the books, 
files and records of the Company relating solely to their respective 
operations prior to the Closing as Sellers shall from time to time 
reasonably request, but any access pursuant to this section 10.14 shall be 
conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the 
operations of the Company after the Closing Date. Until the seventh (7th) 
anniversary of the Closing Date, prior to destroying or disposing of such 
books, files or records, Buyer shall give thirty (30) days notice to Sellers 
of the intended destruction or disposition, and Sellers shall have the right 
to take possession of the same or make copies of the same at their 
expense. Until the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Closing Date, 
promptly following Buyer's request upon reasonable notice, Sellers will 
use reasonable efforts to cause the independent certified public 
accountants regularly retained by the Company to make available to Buyer 
for inspection and copying, copies of all working papers and other 
materials in the possession of such accountants with respect to the 
Company, used in preparing the Financials and Sellers will make available 
to Buyer for such purposes all of such papers and other materials within 
Sellers' control. 

Section 10.15. Real Property Contract. Simultaneously herewith, the 
Buyer has entered into a contract to purchase certain real property ("Real 
Property Contract") from HM. A default by either party pursuant to the 
terms of the Real Property Contract shall be deemed to be a default by 
such party under the terms of this Agreement giving to the non-defaulting 
party those rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement. Each Seller 
hereby acknowledges that pursuant to the Real Property Contract, the 
Buyer is purchasing real property from HM, the partners of which are 
Harry and Michael, for a cash payment of $5.3 million. 

Section 10.16. Certain Remedies. If Buyer or any Seller should default 
in the performance of its obligations hereunder, the parties hereto 
acknowledge that their remedies at law would be inadequate and the Buyer 
or the Sellers, as applicable, shall, in addition to any other of its rights 
and remedies hereunder or otherwise, be entitled to the remedy of specific 
performance, and each of the parties hereto expressly waives the defense 
that a remedy in damages will be adequate.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this 
Agreement as of the date first above written.

Jameco Acquisition Corp.

By: 
Name: David A. Bloss, Sr.
Title: Executive Vice President

Harry Lipman, individually 
and as a Representative

Michael Lipman, individually 
and as a Representative

Walter Lipman

Sidney Greenberg

David Chasin 

Kenneth S. Lipman

Peter A. Lipman

Ethel S. Lipman

Gloria Lipman

Walter Lipman Trust
for the benefit of Ilene Burstein

By: 

Walter Lipman Trust
for the benefit of Staci Burstein

By: 

Walter Lipman Trust
for the benefit of Joshua Burstein

By: 

Exhibit 1.1

Portion of Portion of 
Closing Payment Purchase Price Total Amount
to be Paid to be Paid to to be Paid
Number to Seller Seller Placed to Seller
Seller of Shares in Escrow
- - ------------- ------------ -------------- --------------- ------------
Harry Lipman 154,324.00 * $12,491,838.15 $1,858,577.39* $14,350,415.54

Michael Lipman 70,638.50 5,842,325.02 850,723.92 6,693,048.94

Walter Lipman 37,576.75 3,107,874.41 452,549.82 3,560,424.23

Ethel S. Lipman 15,000.00 1,240,610.65 180,650.20 1,421,260.85

Sidney Greenberg 10,945.00 905,232.23 131,814.43 1,037,046.66

David Chasin 6,332.00 523,703.11 76,258.47 599,961.58

Kenneth S. Lipman 5,000.00 413,536.88 60,216.73 473,753.61

Peter Lipman 5,000.00 413,536.88 60,216.73 473,753.61

Gloria Lipman 5,000.00 413,536.88 60,216.73 473,753.61

W. Lipman Trust
F/B/O I. Burstein 567.00 46,895.08 6,828.58 53,723.66

W. Lipman Trust
F/B/O S. Burstein 567.00 46,895.08 6,828.58 53,723.66

W. Lipman Trust
F/B/O J. Burstein 425.00 35,150.63 5,118.42 40,269.05
---------- ------------- ------------- ------------- 
311,375.25 $25,481,135.00 $3,750,000.00 $29,231,135.00

* Net amount following deductions of $271,895 for amounts owed by 
Harry pursuant to sections 6.2(b) and 6.2(d)

Exhibit 1.2(c)

Payment Instructions

Exhibit 1.2(d)

Escrow Agreement

Exhibit 7.7

Opinion of Salamon, Gruber, Newman, Blaymore & Rothschild, P.C.

Exhibit 7.9(a)

Employment Agreement

Exhibit 7.9(b)

Employment Agreement

Exhibit 7.9(c)

Employment Agreement

Exhibit 8.6

Opinion of Goodwin, Procter & Hoar

Exhibit 10.1

Guaranty Agreement

ESCROW AGREEMENT

This ESCROW AGREEMENT made as of the 28th day of July, 
1994 by and among The First National Bank of Boston (the "Escrow 
Agent"), Jameco Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
("Buyer"), and Harry Lipman ("Harry") and Michael Lipman 
("Michael"), as Representatives of the Sellers (the "Representatives").

WHEREAS, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement dated as 
of even date herewith (the "Purchase Agreement") by and among 
Harry, Michael, Walter Lipman, Sidney Greenberg, David Chasin, 
Kenneth S. Lipman, Peter A. Lipman, Ethel S. Lipman, Gloria 
Lipman, Walter Lipman Trust for the benefit of Ilene Burstein, Walter 
Lipman Trust for the benefit of Staci Burstein, and Walter Lipman 
Trust for the benefit of Joshua Burstein (individually, a "Seller" and 
collectively, the "Sellers"), and Buyer, each Seller is selling to Buyer 
all of such Seller's shares of capital stock of Jameco Industries, Inc., 
a New York corporation;

WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement provides for the 
indemnification of Buyer Indemnified Parties in respect of the matters 
set forth in Article IX thereof, subject to certain limitations; and

WHEREAS, in order to secure payment of a portion of any such 
indemnification, the Purchase Agreement provides for a portion of the 
Purchase Price payable under the Purchase Agreement to be 
deposited and held in escrow as hereinafter provided.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and 
agreements of the parties contained herein, and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby acknowledged by each party hereto, the parties agree as 
follows:

1. Definitions. All capitalized terms used herein which are 
not otherwise expressly defined herein shall have the respective 
meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

2. Establishment of Escrow. Buyer has herewith deposited 
with the Escrow Agent, and the Escrow Agent hereby acknowledges 
receipt of, the Escrow Payment required under Section 1.2(d) of the 
Purchase Agreement. Such amounts and any securities, cash or 
other property delivered to or held by the Escrow Agent under the 
terms hereof, any interest and dividends thereon, less amounts 
distributed from time to time in accordance with Section 6 hereof, 
shall be referred to herein as the "Escrow Fund." The percentage 
beneficial interests of the Sellers (the "Interests") in the Escrow Fund 
are as indicated in Schedule A attached hereto. The Escrow Fund 
shall be segregated from the other assets of the Escrow Agent and 
held in trust for the benefit of the Sellers pursuant hereto.

3. Investments. The Escrow Agent shall invest cash held in 
the Escrow Fund as directed in writing by Buyer in taxable and 
tax-free obligations unconditionally guaranteed as to principal and 
interest, if any, by the United States Government or any agency 
thereof, bank certificates of deposit or repurchase agreements fully 
collateralized by such obligations or certificates of deposit, in each 
case having maturity dates that permit payments to be made from 
the Escrow Fund in accordance with the terms hereof and the Escrow 
Agent shall not be responsible for any loss incurred upon any such 
investment made in good faith and under circumstances not 
constituting gross negligence or willful misconduct. Any registered 
securities from time to time held in the Escrow Fund shall be 
registered in the name of the Escrow Agent (in its capacity as such) 
or its nominee. All interest, dividends and other income with respect 
to the Escrow Fund and any securities or other property issued with 
respect to, or in exchange for any securities held in the Escrow Fund 
shall become a part of the Escrow Fund and shall be held hereunder 
upon the same terms as the cash, securities or other property with 
respect to or in exchange for which such interest, dividends, income 
or securities shall have been received.

4. Representatives of Sellers. Each Seller has appointed the 
Representatives to act jointly as such Seller's representative for 
purposes of this Agreement, and any matters related thereto, 
pursuant to the terms of Section 2.1 of the Purchase Agreement, the 
contents of which are hereby incorporated by reference. Each of the 
Escrow Agent and the Buyer hereby acknowledges that the 
Representatives have been duly authorized to act on behalf of the 
Sellers with respect to all matters contained in this Agreement and 
the Escrow Fund pursuant to the terms of Section 2.1 of the 
Purchase Agreement.

5. Interest Income. For income tax purposes, the interest 
or other amounts earned on the Escrow Fund, if any, shall be 
reported as income by the Buyer in the taxable year that such 
amounts are earned.

6. Distributions. The Escrow Agent shall promptly make 
distributions from the Escrow Fund to the persons and in the 
amounts directed upon receipt from time to time of:

(a) a written notice executed and delivered by both 
Buyer and the Representatives substantially in the form of 
Exhibit I hereto; or

(b) a written order from the Arbitrator.

7. Escrow Ledger. The Escrow Agent shall maintain, and 
make available to the Representatives and the Buyer upon request, a 
ledger setting forth (a) the amount of the Escrow Fund attributable to 
the deposited cash, (b) the amount of le Escrow Fund attributable to 
capital appreciation, if any, of the securities in which the Escrow 
Fund is invested, (c) the amount of the Escrow Fund attributable to 
interest and other income accumulation in respect to the Escrow 
Fund, (d) the amount of each Seller's total Interest in the Escrow 
Fund, and (e) the amount of each distribution made by the Escrow 
Agent pursuant to Section 6 hereof and the person(s) or entity(ices) to 
whom each such distribution was made.

8. Fair Market Value of Escrow Fund. For the purposes of 
this Agreement, the fair market value of the property held in the 
Escrow Fund shall be conclusively determined by the Escrow Agent 
at the time of each payment or distribution to be made out of the 
Escrow Fund and at the time of setting aside of a portion of the 
Escrow Fund for such payments.

9. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate when all 
the Escrow Fund has been distributed by the Escrow Agent pursuant 
to Section 6 hereof.

10. Duties and Responsibilities of Escrow Agent.

(a) Buyer and the Representatives acknowledge and 
agree that the Escrow Agent (i) shall not be responsible for any other 
agreement referred to herein but shall be obligated only for the 
performance of such duties as are specifically set forth in the 
Agreement; (ii) shall not be obligated to take any legal or other action 
hereunder which might in its good faith judgment involve any 
expense or liability unless it shall have been furnished with 
indemnification reasonably satisfactory to it; (iii) may rely on and 
shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any 
written notice, instruction, instrument, statement, request or 
document furnished to it hereunder and believed by it in good faith to 
be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper 
person; and (iv) may consult counsel satisfactory to it and the written 
advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and 
protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it 
hereafter in good faith and in accordance with such advice.

(b) Neither the Escrow Agent nor any of its directors, 
officers or employees shall be liable to anyone for any action taken or 
omitted to be taken by it or any of its directors, officers or employees 
hereafter except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
Buyer covenants and agrees to indemnify the Escrow Agent and hold 
it harmless from and against any loss, liability or expense incurred 
by the Escrow Agent arising out of or in connection with this 
Agreement or with the administration of its duties hereunder unless 
such loss, liability or expense shall be caused by the Escrow Agent's 
willful misconduct or gross negligence.

(c) Buyer agrees to pay or reimburse the Escrow Agent 
for the Escrow Agent's reasonable compensation for its normal 
services hereunder in accordance with the fee schedule attached 
hereto as Schedule B.

The provisions of the foregoing paragraphs (b) and (c) shall 
survive the termination of this Agreement.

11. Resignation and Removal of Escrow Agent.

(a) The Escrow Agent may at any time resign as 
Escrow Agent hereunder by giving ninety (90) days' prior written 
notice of resignation to Buyer and the Representatives. Prior to the 
effective date of the resignation as specified in such notice, Buyer and 
the Representatives will issue to the Escrow Agent a written 
instruction authorizing redelivery of the Escrow Fund to a bank or 
trust company that they mutually select. If no successor Escrow 
Agent is named by Buyer and the Representatives as provided in the 
preceding sentence, the Escrow Agent may apply to a court of 
competent jurisdiction for appointment of a successor Escrow Agent.

(b) Buyer and the Representatives together shall have 
the right to remove the Escrow Agent hereunder by giving notice in 
writing to the Escrow Agent, specifying the date upon which such 
removal shall take effect. Prior to such removal, Buyer and the 
Representatives shall have jointly appointed a successor Escrow 
Agent.

(c) The Escrow Agent hereby agrees that, upon any 
termination of its services as Escrow Agent it shall turn over and 
deliver to the successor Escrow Agent appointed in accordance with 
the terms hereof all of the Escrow Fund and other amounts held by it 
pursuant to this Agreement and render the accounting required by 
Section 13.

12. Successor Escrow Agent. Upon receipt of the Escrow 
Fund and any other amounts held by the Escrow Agent pursuant to 
this Agreement, the successor Escrow Agent shall thereupon be 
bound by all of the provisions hereof and the term "Escrow Agent" as 
used herein shall mean such successor Escrow Agent.

13. Accounting. In the event of the resignation or removal of 
the Escrow Agent or the termination of this Agreement pursuant to 
Section 9 or otherwise, the Escrow Agent shall render to Buyer and 
the Representatives, and to the successor Escrow Agent, if any, an 
accounting in writing of the property constituting the Escrow Fund 
and all distributions therefrom.

14. Notices. Any notice permitted or required hereunder 
shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or if 
sent by certified or registered mail or overnight courier, postage 
prepaid, to the parties at their respective addresses set forth below or 
to such other address as any party may hereafter designate.

If to Buyer:

Jameco Acquisition Corporation
c/o Watts Industries, Inc. 
815 Chestnut Street
North Andover, MA 01845 
Attention: President

with a copy to:

Watts Industries, Inc.
815 Chestnut Street
North Andover, MA 01845
Attention: Corporate Counsel

and with a copy to:

John R. LeClaire, P.C.
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
Exchange Place
Boston, MA 02109

if to a Representative:

Harry Lipman and Michael Lipman
c/o Jameco Industries, Inc. 
248 Wyandanch Avenue 
Wyandanch, New York 11797

with a copy to:

Salmon, Grubber, Newman, Blamer & Rothschild, P.C.
97 Powerhouse Road, Suite 102
Roslyn Heights, NY 11577
Attention: David Grubber, Esq.

and a copy to:

Battle Fowler
280 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10017 
Attention: Thomas E. Kruger

or if after July 31, 1994

Park Avenue Tower 
75 East 55th Street
New York, NY 10022

If to the Escrow Agent:

The First National Bank of Boston 
Corporate Trust Administration 
150 Royall Street 
Mail Stop - 450245
Canton, MA 02011
Reference: Jameco Acquisition Escrow Agreement

15. Modifications. This Agreement may not be altered or 
modified without the express written consent of the parties hereto. 
No course of conduct shall constitute a waiver of any of the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement, unless such waiver is specified in 
writing, and then only to the extent so specified. A waiver of any of 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement on one occasion shall not 
constitute a waiver of the other terms of this Agreement, or of such 
terms and conditions on any other occasion.

16. Assignment. No assignment of any rights or delegation of 
any obligations provided for herein may be made by any party hereto 
without the express written consent of the other parties hereto, 
except for the provisions hereof respecting successor Escrow Agents 
and the death, incapacitation or resignation of a Representative (as 
incorporated by reference from Section 2.1 of the Purchase 
Agreement). This Escrow Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and 
be binding upon the successors, heirs, estates, administrators, 
personal representatives and permitted assigns of the parties hereto.

17. Section Headings. The section headings contained in 
this Agreement are inserted for purposes of convenience of reference 
only to shall not affect the meaning or interpretation hereof.

18. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall become binding 
and effective upon consummation of the Closing, and shall be 
construed under and governed by the laws of New York. This 
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of 
which shall deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one 
agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this 
Agreement or caused the same to be so executed by their duly 
authorized representatives as of the date first set forth above.

JAMECO ACQUISITION 
CORPORATION

By: /s/ David A. Bloss 

Title: Executive Vice President 

THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON

By: /s/ 

Title: Account Administrator

/s/ Harry Lipman 
Harry Lipman, as a 
Representative of the Sellers

/s/ Michael Lipman 
Michael Lipman as a 
Representative of the Sellers

Schedule A

Interests of Sellers

Portion of Escrow Percentage of Escrow
Payment Attributable Fund Attributable
Seller To Each Seller To Each Seller

Harry Lipman $1,858,577.39 49.5620638

Michael Lipman 850,723.92 22.6859714

Walter Lipman 452,549.82 12.0679951

Ethel S. Lipman 180,650.20 4.8173386

Sidney Greenberg 131,814.43 3.5150514

David Chasin 76,258.47 2.0335592

Kenneth S. Lipman 60,216.73 1.6057795

Peter Lipman 60,216.73 1.6057795

Gloria Lipman 60,216.73 1.6057795

W. Lipman Trust 
F/B/O I. Burstein 6,828.58 .1820954

W. Lipman Trust 
F/B/O S. Burstein 6,828.58 .1820954

W. Lipman Trust 
F/B/O J. Burstein 5,118.42 .1364913

Schedule B

Acceptance fee $ 1,000
(one-time charge)
Administration Fee $ 2,500
Per Investment $ 35
Per Wire $ 20
Per Check $ 5

Legal Fees Waived

Out-of-Pocket Expenses Billed as Incurred

Exhibit 1

The First National Bank of Boston

Attention:

Dear Sirs:

Reference is made to the Escrow Agreement made as of ____ 
day of July, 1994 (the "Escrow Agreement") by and among The First 
National Bank of Boston (the "Escrow Agent"), Jameco Acquisition 
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Buyer") and Harry Lipman and 
Michael Lipman, as Representatives of the Sellers (the 
"Representatives"). All capitalized terms used herein which are not 
otherwise expressly defined herein shall have the respective 
meanings set forth in the Escrow Agreement.
Pursuant to Section 6(a) of the Escrow Agreement, the Escrow 
Agent is hereby directed to distribute the sum of [$_____] to [ ] in 
immediately available to the following account [ ].
Jameco Acquisition Corporation

By: 

Title: 
[President or Chairman of 
Board of Directors

Michael Lipman, as 
Representative

Harry Lipman, as Representative
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by and between

CIRCLE SEAL CONTROLS, INC.,
as Buyer

and

SAES PURE GAS, INC.,
as Seller

August 4, 1994

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECTION 1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF ASSETS. 
1.1 Sale of Assets 
1.2 Liabilities 
1.3 Purchase Price and Payment 
1.4 Place of Closing; Closing Date 
1.5 Transfer of Subject Assets 
1.6 Delivery of Records and Contracts 
1.7 Further Assurances 
1.8 Allocation of Purchase Price 

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER. 
2.1 Making of Representations and Warranties 
2.2 Organization and Qualifications of Seller 
2.3 Authority 
2.4 Title to Properties; Liens; Condition of Properties 
2.5 Location of Subject Assets 
2.6 Undisclosed Liabilities 
2.7 Inventories 
2.8 Patents, Trade Names, Trademarks and Copyrights 
2.9 Trade Secrets and Customer Lists 
2.10 Financial Statements 
2.11 Litigation 
2.12 Compliance with Laws 
2.13 Insurance 
2.14 Finder's Fee 
2.15 Permits; Governmental Consents 
2.16 Material Adverse Change 
2.17 Government Contracts 
2.18 Products 
2.19 Suppliers, Customers and Distributors 
2.20 Disclosure 
2.21 Backlog 
2.22 Contracts. 

SECTION 3. COVENANTS OF SELLER 
3.1 Making of Covenants and Agreements 
3.2 Breach of Representations and Warranties 
3.3 Expenses 
3.4 Notification 
3.5 Non-Use of Trade Names, etc 
3.6 Access and Cooperation of Seller 
3.7 Non-Competition 
3.8 Sales Orders 
3.9 Notification of Foundries, Printers, Etc 

SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 
4.1 Making of Representations and Warranties 
4.2 Organization of Buyer 
4.3 Authority of Buyer 
4.4 Litigation 
4.5 Finder's Fees 
4.6 Reliance 

SECTION 5. COVENANTS OF BUYER 
5.1 Making of Covenants and Agreements 
5.2 Accounts Receivable 
5.3 Inventory 
5.4 Insurance 
5.5 Confidentiality 
5.6 Notification 
5.7 Acquired Sales Orders 

SECTION 6. SURVIVAL OF WARRANTIES. 
6.1 Survival of Warranties 

SECTION 7. INDEMNIFICATION 
7.1 Indemnification by Seller 
7.2 Indemnification by Buyer 
7.3 Notice; Defense of Claims 
7.4 Satisfaction of Indemnification Obligations 
7.5 Unsalable Inventory 

SECTION 8. MISCELLANEOUS. 
8.1 Law Governing 
8.2 Notices 
8.3 Prior Agreements Superseded 
8.4 Assignability 
8.5 Captions and Gender 
8.6 Certain Definitions 
8.7 Execution in Counterparts 
8.8 Amendments; Waivers 
8.9 Severability 
8.10 Bulk Sales Law 
8.11 Publicity and Disclosures 
8.12 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service 

SCHEDULES

Schedules

Schedule 1.1(a)(i) - Inventory
Schedule 1.1(a)(iii) - Equipment
Schedule 1.1(a)(iv) - Intellectual Property
Schedule 1.1(b) - Certain Excluded Assets
Schedule 1.2(b)(i) - Acquired Sales Orders
Schedule 1.8 - Allocation of Purchase Price
Schedule 2.8 - Intangible Rights
Schedule 2.10 - Income Statements
Schedule 2.11 - Litigation
Schedule 2.13 - Insurance
Schedule 2.15 - Permits; Government Consents
Schedule 2.16 - Exceptions to No Material Adverse Changes
Schedule 2.19 - Suppliers, Customers Distributors, Etc.
Schedule 2.21 - Backlog
Schedule 2.22 - Contracts

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT dated as of August 4, 1994 
by and between Circle Seal Controls, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
("Buyer") and SAES Pure Gas, Inc., a California corporation ("Seller").

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth 
herein, Buyer desires to purchase from Seller, and Seller desires to 
sell, transfer and assign to Buyer, substantially all of the properties 
and assets comprising the business which manufactures and sells 
the Cryolab product line of the Seller (the "Cryolab Business").

NOW, THEREFORE, in order to consummate said purchase 
and sale and in consideration of the mutual agreements set forth 
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF ASSETS.

1.1 Sale of Assets. 

(a) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at the 
Closing (as defined in Section 1.4 hereof) Seller shall sell, transfer 
and assign to Buyer and Buyer shall acquire all right, title and 
interest in and to all of the properties, assets and business of the 
Cryolab Business (except as hereinafter provided in Section 1.1(b)) of 
every kind and description, tangible and intangible, real, personal or 
mixed, and wherever located, including without limitation, the 
following:

(i) all inventory, stock in trade, work-in-progress, 
finished goods and raw materials of or relating to the Cryolab 
Business (collectively, the "Inventory"), including without 
limitation as set forth on Schedule 1.1(a)(i) attached hereto;

(ii) all patterns, drawings, toolings and dies owned by 
Seller or in which Seller has any rights or interest which are 
used in the Cryolab Business, it being understood by the 
parties hereto that at the Closing Seller shall provide Buyer 
with written information as to the name, address and telephone 
number of each foundry where patterns are located as well as 
information identifying each pattern located at each such 
foundry (the "Pattern Information");

(iii) machinery and the equipment listed on Schedule 
1.1(a)(iii) attached hereto,all tools, spare parts, fixtures, 
castings, and other tangible assets related to or used in 
connection with such scheduled machinery and equipment and 
all other tools, spare parts, fixtures and other tangible assets 
used in the Cryolab Business (collectively, the "Equipment");

(iv) all goodwill and intellectual property rights, 
including trade secrets, proprietary information, designs, 
styles, technologies, inventions, know-how, formulae, 
processes, procedures, research records, test information, 
software and software documentation, market surveys, 
marketing know-how and manufacturing, research and 
technical information, trade names, copyrights and copyright 
registrations, service marks and trademarks (including 
applications and registrations therefor), patents and patent 
applications (including without limitation the trade names, 
copyrights and copyright registrations, service mark and 
trademark registrations and applications and patents and 
patent applications described in Schedule 1.1(a)(iv) attached 
hereto), the "Cryolab" name and all related and associated 
logos and trademarks, and all licenses to or from third parties 
with respect to the foregoing or rights related thereto, in each 
case relating primarily to or otherwise necessary to the 
operation of the Cryolab Business; and

(v) all other assets and properties of every nature 
whatsoever tangible and intangible, and wherever located, used 
or held for use primarily in connection with the Cryolab 
Business or otherwise necessary to the operation of the Cryolab 
Business, including without limitation rights under contracts 
or agreements with representatives marketing and selling the 
products of the Cryolab Business, copies of customer lists, 
customer records and histories, customer invoices (for last 
three (3) years), lists of suppliers and vendors and all records 
relating thereto, all records with respect to the repair business 
of the Cryolab Business, engineering drawings, records with 
respect to production, engineering, product development, costs, 
advertising matter, catalogues, photographs, sales materials, 
purchasing materials, media materials, manufacturing and 
quality control records and procedures, research and 
development, files, data and laboratory books, media materials 
and plates and other records used primarily in connection with 
the Cryolab Business or otherwise necessary to the operation of 
the Cryolab Business.

The assets, property and business of Seller being sold to and 
purchased by Buyer under this Section 1.1(a) are hereinafter 
sometimes referred to as "Subject Assets."

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, there shall be 
excluded from such purchase and sale the following property and 
assets of Seller:

(i) the assets listed on Schedule 1.1(b) attached 
hereto;

(ii) cash, bank deposits and bank accounts of 
Seller; 

(iii) all accounts receivable of Seller, including 
without limitation intercompany receivables; and

(iv) all assets of Seller not used or held for use 
primarily in connection with the Cryolab Business or 
otherwise necessary to the operation of the Cryolab 
Business.

The assets, property and business of Seller which are excluded 
from the Subject Assets under this Section 1.1(b) are hereinafter 
sometimes referred to as "Excluded Assets."

1.2 Liabilities. Except for the Sales Order Liabilities (as 
defined below), Buyer shall not assume or be bound by any 
obligations or liabilities of Seller or any affiliate of Seller of any kind 
or nature, known, unknown, accrued, absolute, contingent or 
otherwise, whether now existing or hereafter arising whatsoever. 
Seller shall be responsible for and pay any and all losses, damages, 
obligations, liens, assessments, judgments, fines, disposal and other 
costs and expenses, liabilities and claims, including, without 
limitation, interest, penalties and reasonable fees of counsel, 
engineers and experts, as the same are incurred, of every kind or 
nature whatsoever (all the foregoing being a "Claim" or the "Claims"), 
made by or owed to any person to the extent any of the foregoing 
relates to (a) Seller's operations and assets other than the operations 
and assets of the Cryolab Business, (b) the Excluded Assets or (c) the 
operations and assets of the Cryolab Business and arises in 
connection with or on the basis of events, acts, omissions, conditions 
or any other state of facts occurring or existing prior to or on the 
Closing Date (including, in each case, without limitation, any Claim 
relating to or associated with product liability matters, warranty 
claims, tax matters, pension and benefits matters, any failure to 
comply with applicable laws and/or permitting or licensing 
requirements, personal injury and property damage matters and 
environmental and worker health and safety matters). Buyer shall be 
responsible for and pay any and all Claims to the extent they relate to 
(x) the Sales Order Liabilities or (y) the operation by Buyer of the 
Subject Assets after the Closing Date and arise in connection with or 
on the basis of events, acts, omissions, conditions or any other state 
of facts occurring or existing after the Closing Date (including, in 
each case, without limitation, any Claim relating to or associated 
with product liability matters, warranty claims, tax matters, pension 
and benefit matters, any failure to comply with applicable laws 
and/or permitting or licensing requirements, personal injury and 
property damage matters and environmental and worker health and 
safety matters). Any Claim, other than for the payment of liabilities, 
relating to operations and assets of the Seller and arising in 
connection with or on the basis of events, acts, omissions, conditions 
or any other state of facts occurring or existing both before and after 
the Closing Date will be apportioned between Seller and Buyer 
according to their relative degrees of causation as may be reasonably 
determined by Seller and Buyer under the circumstances; provided, 
however, that Buyer will not be considered to have caused the 
relevant problem to any extent for purposes of this Agreement if it 
takes all reasonable actions to address such problem after first 
obtaining actual knowledge thereof notwithstanding the fact that the 
relevant problem may have continued to exist for a period of time 
after the Closing Date. Pursuant to the foregoing, Seller agrees with 
Buyer that Seller shall be solely responsible for any and all warranty 
claims or claims for injury (including death) or claims for damage, 
direct or consequential, resulting from or connected with products or 
services of the Cryolab Business sold or provided on or prior to the 
Closing Date, and Buyer shall have no liability for such claims. 
Buyer agrees with Seller that Buyer shall be solely responsible for 
any and all warranty claims or claims for injury (including death) or 
claims for damage, direct or consequential, resulting from or 
connected with products or services sold or provided by Buyer after 
the Closing Date, and, subject to Seller's indemnification obligations 
under Section 6 hereof, Seller shall have no liability for such claims.

(b) Upon the sale and purchase of the Subject Assets, Buyer 
agrees to perform in accordance with their terms only the obligations 
of Seller under the unfilled portions of those sale orders from 
customers of the Cryolab Business as set forth on Schedule 1.2(b)(i) 
(the "Acquired Sales Orders"). The liabilities to be assumed by Buyer 
pursuant to the preceding sentence are hereinafter sometimes 
referred to as the "Sales Order Liabilities." The assumption of the 
Sales Order Liabilities by Buyer hereunder shall not enlarge any 
rights of third parties under contracts or arrangements with Buyer or 
Seller or any of their respective affiliates or subsidiaries. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 1.2 to the 
contrary, the only liabilities and obligations of Seller existing on or 
prior to the Closing Date (including, without limitation, contractual 
liabilities and obligations) to be assumed by Buyer under this 
Agreement are the Sales Order Liabilities.

1.3 Purchase Price and Payment. In consideration of the 
sale by Seller to Buyer of the Subject Assets, subject to the 
assumption by Buyer of the Sales Order Liabilities, Buyer shall pay to 
Seller on the Closing Date by federal funds wire transfer in 
immediately available funds to an account designated by Buyer, the 
sum of $886,122.03 (the "Purchase Price").

1.4 Place of Closing; Closing Date. The closing of the 
purchase and sale provided for in this Agreement (herein called the 
"Closing") shall be held at the offices of Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, 
Exchange Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02109, on August 1, 1994, 
or at such other place or earlier or later date as may be fixed by 
mutual agreement of Buyer and Seller (the "Closing Date").

1.5 Transfer of Subject Assets. At the Closing, Seller shall 
deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer good and sufficient 
instruments of transfer transferring to Buyer title to all of the Subject 
Assets. Such instruments of transfer (a) shall be in the form which is 
usual and customary for transferring the type of property involved 
under the laws of the jurisdictions applicable to such transfers, 
(b) shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Buyer and its 
counsel, (c) shall effectively vest in Buyer good and marketable title to 
all of the Subject Assets free and clear of all liens, restrictions and 
encumbrances, and (d) where applicable, shall be accompanied by 
evidence of the discharge of all liens and encumbrances against the 
Subject Assets.

1.6 Delivery of Records and Contracts. At the Closing, Seller 
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer all of the Acquired 
Sales Orders. Seller shall also deliver to Buyer at the Closing, or 
substantially concurrently with the removal by Buyer of the Subject 
Assets, all of Seller's business records, books and other data relating 
to the assets, business and operations of the Cryolab Business, to 
the extent the same constitute part of the Subject Assets. Seller at 
the Closing shall also provide Buyer with written information as to 
the name, address and telephone number of each printer where 
literature plates are located as well as information identifying each 
literature plate located at each such printer (the "Literature Plate 
Information").

1.7 Further Assurances. Seller from time to time after the 
Closing at the request of Buyer and without further consideration 
shall (a) execute and deliver further instruments of transfer and 
assignment (in addition to those delivered under Section 1.6) and 
take such other actions as Buyer may reasonably require to more 
effectively transfer and assign to, and vest in, Buyer each of the 
Subject Assets and (b) cooperate with and provide assistance to 
Buyer in removing the Subject Assets from Seller's premises (or 
wherever located) as more fully described in Section 3.6 hereof.

1.8 Allocation of Purchase Price. The purchase price payable 
by Buyer pursuant to Section 1.3 and the amount of the Sales Order 
Liabilities assumed by Buyer shall represent payment for the Subject 
Assets and the covenants set forth in Section 3.7 hereof in the 
amounts set forth on Schedule 1.8 hereto. The amounts reflected in 
said Schedule shall represent the fair market values of the Subject 
Assets at the Closing, to the best of the knowledge and belief of the 
parties hereto. At or as soon as practicable after the Closing, Buyer 
and Seller shall execute an IRS Form 8594 in accordance with the 
allocation set forth in said Schedule and in compliance with Section 
1060 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations thereunder. All tax returns and reports filed by 
Buyer and Seller with respect to the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement shall be consistent with such Schedule.

SECTION 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER.

2.1 Making of Representations and Warranties. Seller 
hereby makes the representations and warranties contained in this 
Section 2. For the purposes of this Section 2, references to the 
"knowledge" or "best knowledge" of Seller shall be deemed to include 
such knowledge as any executive officer of Seller actually has or 
reasonably ought to have in the prudent exercise of his or her duties.

2.2 Organization and Qualifications of Seller. Seller is a 
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the State of California with full power and authority 
to own or lease its properties and to conduct its business in the 
manner and in the places where such properties are owned or leased 
or such business is conducted by it.

2.3 Authority. The Seller has full corporate power and 
authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each 
other agreement or instrument contemplated hereby and the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each other agreement 
or instrument contemplated hereby and the performance of all 
obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by 
all necessary action of Seller. This Agreement and each other 
agreement, document and instrument executed by Seller pursuant to 
or in connection with this Agreement constitute, or when executed 
and delivered will constitute, valid and binding obligations of Seller, 
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms. The execution, 
delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement and each 
other agreement, document and instrument executed and delivered 
by the Seller pursuant to this Agreement and the execution, delivery 
and performance by the Seller of any agreements, documents and 
instruments required to be executed and delivered by it pursuant to 
this Agreement:

(i) do not and will not violate any provision of the 
Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of Seller, each as amended 
or restated to date;

(ii) do not and will not violate any law or regulation 
applicable to Seller or require Seller to obtain any approval, 
authorization, declaration, consent or waiver of, or make any 
filing with or give notice to, any person, entity or public or 
governmental authority that has not been obtained, made or 
given; and

(iii) do not and will not result in a breach of, constitute 
a default under, accelerate any obligation under, require a 
consent under or give rise to a right of termination of any 
indenture or loan or credit agreement or any other agreement, 
contract, instrument, mortgage, lien, lease, permit, license, 
authorization, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, 
determination or arbitration award to which the Seller is a 
party or by which Seller or the property of Seller is bound or 
affected, or result in the creation or imposition of any 
mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest or other charge or 
encumbrance on any property or asset owned by Seller or on 
any of the Subject Assets.

2.4 Title to Properties; Liens; Condition of Properties.

(a) The Subject Assets do not include any real property or 
leases. Seller owns all of the Subject Assets and Seller has and is 
conveying to Buyer hereunder good and marketable title to all of its 
personal property, tangible and intangible, included in the Subject 
Assets. None of such property or assets of Seller tangible or 
intangible, is subject to any mortgage, pledge, lien, conditional sale 
agreement, security interest, encumbrance or other charge or 
restraint on transfer (collectively "Liens"). No financing statement 
under the Uniform Commercial Code with respect to any of the 
Subject Assets has been filed in any jurisdiction, and Seller has not 
signed any such financing statement or any security agreement 
authorizing any secured party thereunder to file any such financing 
statement. The Subject Assets and Excluded Assets listed on 
Schedule 1.1(b) are all of the assets necessary for the operation of the 
business of the Cryolab Business as the same has been operated 
prior to the date hereof. The Subject Assets (including the 
Equipment) (i) are in working order (reasonable wear and tear 
excepted, and in each case taking into account age), (ii) have been 
and shall through the Closing be maintained in a manner consistent 
with the past maintenance practices of Seller, (iii) are suitable for the 
manufacture of parts in accordance with the engineering 
specifications for Cryolab Products and (iv) to the best knowledge of 
Seller, conform with all applicable California and federal statutes, 
ordinances, regulations and laws.

(b) Upon delivery to Buyer of the instruments of transfer 
referred to in Section 1.6 hereof, Buyer will receive good, marketable 
and valid title to all of the Subject Assets, free and clear of all liens, 
encumbrances, charges, equities and claims of every kind.

2.5 Location of Subject Assets. The tangible Subject Assets 
are located at Seller's facility at 4175 Santa Fe Road, San Luis 
Obispo, California (the "Facility"), with the exception of (a) patterns 
(which are located as set forth in the Pattern Information provided 
pursuant to Section 1.1(a)(ii)) and (b) literature plates (which are 
located as set forth in the Literature Plate Information provided 
pursuant to Section 1.6).

2.6 Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth on Schedule 
2.6, Seller has no material liabilities of any nature, whether accrued, 
absolute, contingent or otherwise, asserted or unasserted, known or 
unknown, which relate primarily to the Cryolab Business.

2.7 Inventories. All of the Inventory is in existence on the 
date hereof. The Inventory complies with the descriptions and 
specifications set forth on Schedule 1.1(a)(i) and the Inventory 
consisting of component parts is of a quality sufficient to permit 
Buyer to manufacture products of the Cryolab Business in a manner 
consistent with all of such descriptions and specifications. On the 
date hereof, the Inventory is of the types, quantities and quality 
necessary to conduct the business of the Cryolab Business in a 
manner consistent with past practices. All of the items included in 
the Inventory are of a quality and quantity salable in the ordinary 
course of business of Seller. The values of the Inventory items as set 
forth on Schedule 1.1(a)(i) are true and correct and reflect valuations 
not in excess of the net realizable values of such items in the 
ordinary course of business. 

2.8 Patents, Trade Names, Trademarks and Copyrights. All 
patents, patent applications, trade names, trademarks, trademark 
applications and registrations, copyrights or other proprietary rights 
owned by or licensed to Seller and used or to be used by or in 
connection with the Cryolab Business (the "Intangible Rights") are 
listed on Schedule 2.8 attached hereto. Except as set forth on said 
Schedule, all of the registered patents, trademarks and copyrights 
constituting Proprietary Rights have been duly registered in, filed in 
or issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the 
United States Register of Copyrights or the corresponding offices of 
other countries identified on said Schedule, and have been properly 
maintained and renewed in accordance with all applicable provisions 
of law and administrative regulations in the United States and each 
such country. Except as set forth in said Schedule, the Intangible 
Rights are freely transferable and Seller has exclusive ownership or 
exclusive license to use all of the Intangible Rights free and clear of 
any attachments, liens, encumbrances or adverse claims. Except as 
set forth on said Schedule, (a) no other person has a license to use, 
or the right to license others to use, and, to the best knowledge of 
Seller, no person has an interest in or right to, any of the Intangible 
Rights, (b) there are no claims or demands of any other person or 
entity pertaining thereto and no proceedings have been instituted, or 
are pending or to the best knowledge of Seller, threatened, which 
challenge the rights of Seller in respect thereof, (c) none of the 
Intangible Rights is subject to any outstanding order, decree, 
judgment or stipulation or, to the best knowledge of Seller, is being 
infringed by others, (d) no proceeding charging Seller with 
infringement of any patent, trade name, trademark or copyright that 
is used by or in connection with the Cryolab Business has been filed 
or, to the best knowledge of Seller, is threatened to be filed and 
(e) there does not exist (i) any unexpired patent with claims relating 
to products of the Cryolab Business or to apparatus, methods or 
designs employed by the Cryolab Business in manufacturing its 
products or (ii) to the best knowledge of Seller, any invention, patent 
or application therefor which could reasonably be expected to 
adversely affect any such product, apparatus, method or design of 
the Cryolab Business.

2.9 Trade Secrets and Customer Lists. Seller has the right to 
use, free and clear to the best knowledge of Seller of any claims or 
rights of others, all trade secrets, customer lists, manufacturing and 
secret processes required for or incident to the manufacture or 
marketing of (a) all products formerly or presently produced by the 
Cryolab Business and (b) all products currently under development 
by the Cryolab Business, including products licensed from others 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Proprietary Information"). 
The Cryolab Business is not using or in any way making use of any 
confidential information or trade secrets of any third party in 
violation of such third party's rights, including without limitation, 
any former employer of any present or past employee of Seller or any 
person or entity affiliated with any of them.

2.10 Financial Statements. Seller has delivered to Buyer 
unaudited statements of income for the Cryolab Business for each of 
the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993, 
and for the six-month period ended June 30, 1994, certified by 
Seller's Chief Financial Officer, copies of which are attached hereto as 
Schedule 2.10 (the "Income Statements"). The Income Statements 
(except for the six-month period ended June 30, 1994) were prepared 
by Seller based on the audited statements of income of Seller for the 
periods covered thereby, as certified by Seller's independent public 
accountants (the "Audited Income Statements"). The Income 
Statements (i) have been prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles applied consistently during the 
periods covered thereby (except for the absence of accompanying 
footnotes), (ii) have been prepared on a basis consistent with the 
Audited Income Statements, (iii) are complete and correct in all 
material respects, (iv) present fairly the results of operations of the 
Cryolab Business for the periods covered thereby and (v) contain no 
omission of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements 
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, 
not misleading. 

2.11 Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.11, there is 
no litigation, claim or governmental, arbitration or other proceeding, 
investigation, order or decree pending or in effect or, to the best 
knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller relating to or affecting 
any of the Subject Assets or the Cryolab Business. All of the matters 
set forth on Schedule 2.11 are subject to and are being defended by 
Seller's insurance carrier.

2.12 Compliance with Laws. To the best knowledge of Seller, 
the Cryolab Business and the Subject Assets have been and as of the 
date hereof are in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations, codes, ordinances, requirements and orders of 
governments or governmental bodies, and Seller has received no 
notice asserting any noncompliance therewith. In addition, all 
engineering drawings included in the Subject Assets are in full 
compliance with all applicable industry standards, guidelines and 
regulations, including without limitation industry standard ANSI 
Y14.5, to the extent applicable to the Cryolab Business.

2.13 Insurance. Schedule 2.13 identifies all policies of 
insurance in effect as of the date of this Agreement covering the 
assets, properties and business of the Cryolab Business. Said 
insurance policies are in full force and effect and all premiums with 
respect thereto are currently paid. Seller's product liability insurance 
provides for occurrence based coverage. Except as set forth on 
Schedule 2.13, there have been no material losses, claims or 
settlements during the last three fiscal years. 

2.14 Finder's Fee. Seller has not incurred or become liable for 
any broker's commission or finder's fee relating to or in connection 
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.15 Permits; Governmental Consents. To the best knowledge 
of Seller, Seller has obtained and is operating in compliance with all 
franchises, licenses, permits, registrations, applications, 
certifications, code approvals and other approvals (collectively the 
"Permits") which are required primarily to permit it to conduct the 
business of the Cryolab Business and each such Permit is valid and 
in full force and effect. As of the Closing Date, to the extent Seller is 
allowed to do so, Seller is conveying and assigning to Buyer each 
Permit, other than those Permits required to operate the Facility. 
Seller is not subject to or bound by any agreement, judgment, decree 
or order which may materially and adversely affect any of the Subject 
Assets or the business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Cryolab Business. No consent, approval, or authorization of, 
or declaration, filing or registration with, any United States federal, 
foreign or state governmental or regulatory authority is required to be 
made or obtained by Seller in connection with the execution, delivery 
and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.16 Material Adverse Change. Except as specifically 
disclosed on Schedule 2.16 to this Agreement, since December 31, 
1993:

(a) there has not been any material adverse change in 
the business, results of operations, condition (financial or 
otherwise), properties, assets, liabilities or obligations of the 
Cryolab Business;

(b) there has not been any damage, destruction or loss 
(whether or not covered by insurance), materially and adversely 
affecting the business, prospects, results of operations, 
condition (financial or otherwise) assets or properties of the 
Cryolab Business;

(c) there has not been any change in the relationships 
of Seller with respect to its suppliers, distributors, licensees, 
licensors, customers or others with whom it has business 
relationships which would have a material adverse effect on the 
Cryolab Business, and Seller does not have knowledge of any 
fact or contemplated event which may cause any such material 
adverse change;

(d) the business conducted by the Cryolab Business 
has been conducted and carried on only in the ordinary and 
regular course; and

(e) there has not been any alteration or change in the 
methods of operation employed by the Cryolab Business.

2.17 Government Contracts. Seller has no pending or 
proposed contracts or subcontracts with any agency of the United 
States Government relating to the Cryolab Business.

2.18 Products. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.13, there 
are no existing or, to the best knowledge of Seller, threatened product 
liability, warranty or other similar claims, or, to the best knowledge of 
Seller, any facts upon which a claim of such nature could be based, 
against Seller for products or services of the Cryolab Business which 
are defective or fail to meet any product or service warranties. There 
are no statements, citations or decisions by any government or 
political subdivision thereof, whether federal, state, local or foreign, 
or any agency or instrumentality of any such government or political 
subdivision, or any court or arbitrator (collectively, "Governmental 
Bodies") stating that any product manufactured, marketed or 
distributed by the Cryolab Business at any time on or prior to the 
Closing Date ("Cryolab Products") is defective or unsafe or fails to 
meet any product warranty or any standards promulgated by any 
such Governmental Body. There have been no recalls ordered by any 
such Governmental Body with respect to any Cryolab Product. Seller 
does not know and has no reason to know of (a) any fact relating to 
any Cryolab Product that may impose upon Seller a duty to recall any 
Cryolab Product or a duty to warn customers of a defect in any 
Cryolab Product, (b) any latent or overt design, manufacturing or 
other defect in any Cryolab Product, or (c) any material liability for 
warranty or other claims or returns with respect to any Cryolab 
Product. The sales and advertising brochures and literature relating 
to the Cryolab Products do not contain any material omission or 
misstatement.

2.19 Suppliers, Customers and Distributors. Schedule 2.19 
sets forth all of the suppliers, customers and distributors (inclusive of 
sales representatives and agents) of Seller with respect to the Cryolab 
Business. The relationships of Seller with such suppliers, customers 
and distributors are good commercial working relationships and 
(a) no person or entity listed on Schedule 2.19 within the last 12 
months has threatened in writing to cancel or otherwise terminate, or 
to the best knowledge of Seller intends to cancel or otherwise 
terminate, the relationship of such person with Seller, (b) no such 
person or entity has during the last twelve months modified 
materially, and Seller has no knowledge that such persons or entities 
intend to materially modify their relationship in such a way as to 
cause a materially adverse effect on the Cryolab Business.

2.20 Disclosure. The representations, warranties and 
statements made or contained in this Agreement, in the documents, 
certificates, filings, Schedules and Exhibits given or delivered by 
Seller in connection with and pursuant to this Agreement and in any 
other written materials relating to the Cryolab Business provided by 
Seller to Buyer or any of its affiliates, do not either individually or 
when taken together, contain any untrue statement of a material fact, 
and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein 
or necessary in order to make such representations, warranties and 
statements not misleading in light of the circumstances in which they 
were made or delivered. Other than as specifically disclosed herein 
or in the Schedules hereto, Seller is unaware of any facts which could 
reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse impact on the 
Subject Assets or on the business, properties, prospects, operations 
or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Cryolab Business.

2.21 Backlog. As of the date hereof, the Cryolab Business has 
a backlog of firm written non-contingent orders for the sale of 
products for which revenues have not been fully recognized by Seller, 
as set forth in Schedule 2.21 hereto (the "Backlog") and the amount 
of the Backlog reflected on such Schedule is true and correct.

2.22 Contracts. Except for contracts, commitments, plans, 
agreements and licenses listed in Schedule 2.22 attached hereto (true 
and complete copies (or, in the case of oral agreements, written 
descriptions) of which have been delivered to Buyer), Seller is not a 
party to or subject to any of the following contracts or agreements, in 
each case which relates primarily to, or is necessary in connection 
with the operation of, the Cryolab Business:

(a) any contract or agreement for the purchase of any 
commodity, material or equipment, except purchase orders in the 
ordinary course of the Cryolab Business;

(b) any other contracts or agreements creating any 
obligation of Seller of $10,000 or more with respect to any such 
contract or $50,000 in the aggregate with respect to all such 
contracts, except purchase orders in the ordinary course of the 
Cryolab Business;

(c) any contract or agreement providing for the 
purchase of all or substantially all of its requirements of a particular 
product from a supplier;

(d) any contract or agreement which by its terms does 
not terminate or is not terminable without penalty by Seller or any 
successor or assign within one year after the date hereof;

(e) any contract or agreement for the sale or lease of 
its products, except sales orders in the ordinary course of the Cryolab 
Business;

(f) any contract with any sales agent or distributor of 
products of Seller;

(g) any contract containing covenants limiting the 
freedom of Seller to compete in any line of business or with any 
person or entity;

(h) any contract or agreement for the purchase of any 
fixed asset for a price in excess of $2,500 whether or not such 
purchase is in the ordinary course of business;

(i) any license agreement (as licensor or licensee);

(j) any indenture, mortgage, promissory note, loan 
agreement, guaranty or other agreement or commitment for the 
borrowing of money and any related security agreement;

(k) any contract or agreement with any officer, 
employee, director or stockholder of Seller or with any persons or 
organizations controlled by or affiliated with any of them; or

(l) any oral contract, agreement, arrangement or 
understanding involving (individually or in the aggregate) more than 
$10,000 which pertains to the suppliers or customers of the Cryolab 
Business.

All contracts, agreements, leases and instruments to which 
Seller is a party or by which the Seller is obligated, in each case 
which relate primarily to the Cryolab Business, including without 
limitation any relating to continuing warranty or service obligations 
(collectively, the "Cryolab Contracts"), are valid and are in full force 
and effect and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller 
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms. To the best 
knowledge of Seller, each Cryolab Contract constitutes the legal, valid 
and binding obligation of each party thereto other than Seller 
enforceable in accordance with its terms. Neither Seller nor, to the 
best knowledge of Seller, any other party to any Cryolab Contract is 
in material default in complying with any provisions thereof, and no 
condition or event or facts exist which, with notice, lapse of time or 
both would constitute a material default thereof on the part of Seller 
or, to the best knowledge of Seller, on the part of any other party 
thereto.

SECTION 3. COVENANTS OF SELLER.

3.1 Making of Covenants and Agreements. Seller hereby 
covenants and agrees as set forth in this Section 3.

3.2 Breach of Representations and Warranties. Promptly 
upon the occurrence of, or promptly upon becoming aware of the 
impending or threatened occurrence of any event which would cause 
or constitute a breach, or would with the giving of notice, the passage 
of time or both constitute a breach of (a) any of the representations 
and warranties of Seller contained in or referred to in this Agreement 
or in any Schedule referred to in this Agreement, (b) any other 
provision of this Agreement, or (c) any other agreement executed and 
delivered in connection with this Agreement, Seller shall give detailed 
written notice thereof to Buyer and shall use its best efforts to 
prevent or promptly remedy the same.

3.3 Expenses. All expenses of Seller in connection with the 
negotiation and performance of this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby and all transfer, excise or other taxes payable 
by any party to this Agreement to any jurisdiction by reason of the 
sale and transfer of the Subject Assets pursuant to this Agreement, if 
any (excluding any such taxes arising solely from the identity or 
location of Buyer or any affiliate of Buyer), shall be paid by Seller out 
of the proceeds of the sale of the Subject Assets or otherwise, and, no 
such expenses shall be payable by Buyer or any affiliate of Buyer.

3.4 Notification. Until the third anniversary of the Closing 
Date, Seller hereby agrees to give Buyer written notice of any change 
of Seller's address within five days after such change, specifying such 
new address.

3.5 Non-Use of Trade Names, etc. After the Closing Date, 
neither Seller, nor any person controlling, controlled by or under 
common control with Seller will for any reason, directly or indirectly, 
for itself or any other person, (a) use any Intangible Rights 
transferred pursuant to this Agreement, or (b) use or disclose any 
trade secrets, confidential information, know-how, proprietary 
information or other intellectual property described in 
Section 1.1(a)(iv) hereof and transferred pursuant to this Agreement, 
except (i) Seller may disclose such information to Buyer in connection 
with the operation of the Cryolab Business by Buyer after the Closing 
Date and (ii) Seller may, for a period of 180 days after the Closing 
Date, continue to use the name "Cryolab" to the extent it is contained 
in product literature which relates both to Cryolab Products and 
other products of Seller which do not compete with Cryolab Products.

3.6 Access and Cooperation of Seller. In connection with the 
relocation of the Subject Assets from the Facility (or wherever located) 
to Buyer's premises (the "Relocation"), Seller shall cooperate with and 
assist Buyer and comply with all reasonable requests of Buyer at the 
Facility. Seller shall use its best efforts to provide Buyer with access 
to Seller's premises at all times during normal working hours until 
the Relocation has been completed. In addition, Seller shall provide 
Buyer with use of forklifts, trucks and other materials handling 
equipment, as well as sufficient labor to accomplish the Relocation. 
Buyer shall reimburse Seller, subject to reasonable substantiation 
and documentation, for actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred by 
Seller after the date of this Agreement in connection with the 
Relocation. Any labor costs incurred by Seller for Seller's employees 
assisting with the Relocation shall be reimbursed by Buyer at hourly 
rates agreed upon in advance without any payments by Buyer on 
account of or with respect to the cost of any benefits (health, 
retirement, etc.) incurred by Seller with respect to such employees. 
Buyer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Seller harmless from and 
against any and all claims for property damage arising out of the 
Relocation which are caused by negligent acts of Buyer or its 
employees or agents. Buyer agrees not to cross claim against Seller 
in the event that any action is brought against Buyer for personal 
injury arising out of the Relocation which is caused by a negligent act 
of Buyer or its employees or agents.

3.7 Non-Competition. Seller, in order to induce Buyer to 
enter into this Agreement, expressly covenants and agrees that 
neither Seller nor any of its affiliates will, directly or indirectly, (a) for 
a period of ten (10) years following the Closing Date disclose or 
furnish to any person, other than Buyer, any proprietary information 
of, or confidential information concerning, the Cryolab Business 
except as required by law; and (b) for a period of two (2) years 
following the Closing Date anywhere in the United States or in any 
foreign country, own, manage, operate, join, control, or participate in 
or be connected with any business, individual, partnership, firm or 
corporation, which is at the time engaged, wholly or partly, in the 
design, manufacture, development, distribution, marketing or sale of 
any valves designed for and/or used in any Cryogenic application. 
For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Cryogenic" means any gas 
or liquid exhibiting a temperature of -100 F (minus one hundred 
degrees Fahrenheit) or lower. Seller agrees that this provision is 
reasonable in view of the nature of the business being transferred 
and the relevant market for the Seller's products and services and 
that any breach hereof would result in continuing and irreparable 
harm to Buyer and would adversely affect the value to Buyer of the 
Subject Assets and related goodwill being transferred under this 
Agreement. The Seller expressly covenants and agrees that the 
remedy at law for any breach of this Section 3.7 will be inadequate 
and that, in addition to any other remedies Buyer may have, Buyer 
shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief without 
the necessity of proving actual damage. To the extent that any part 
of this provision may be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any 
reason, it is intended that such part shall be enforceable to the extent 
that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such part 
if more limited in scope would have been enforceable and such part 
shall be deemed to have been so written and the remaining parts 
shall as written be effective and enforceable in all events.

3.8 Sales Orders. Seller will not send any invoices to, or 
request payment in any other manner from, customers of the Cryolab 
Business for sales orders unfulfilled as of the Closing Date. Any and 
all amounts received by Seller from any such customer in respect of 
any such unfulfilled sales order shall be promptly remitted to Buyer.

3.9 Notification of Foundries, Printers, Etc. Seller agrees 
from time to time, as often as is reasonably requested by Buyer, that 
Seller shall contact the foundries, printers, and other entities, 
respectively, where the patterns and literature plates acquired by 
Buyer pursuant to this Agreement are located, and notify them that 
Buyer has acquired such patterns and literature plates and that 
Buyer is the lawful owner thereof and Seller shall otherwise cooperate 
as requested by Buyer to effect the transfer to Buyer of such patterns 
and literature plates.

SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER.

4.1 Making of Representations and Warranties. As a 
material inducement to Seller to enter into this Agreement and 
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, Buyer hereby 
makes the representations and warranties to the Seller contained in 
this Section 4.

4.2 Organization of Buyer. Buyer is a corporation duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of 
Delaware with full corporate power and authority to own or lease its 
properties and to conduct its business in the manner and in the 
places where such properties are owned or leased or such business is 
conducted by it.

4.3 Authority of Buyer. Buyer has full corporate power and 
authority to enter into this Agreement and each agreement, 
document and instrument to be executed and delivered by Buyer 
pursuant to this Agreement and to carry out the transactions 
contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by 
Buyer of this Agreement and each such other agreement, document 
and instrument have been duly authorized by all necessary action of 
Buyer and no other action on the part of Buyer is required in 
connection therewith. This Agreement and each other agreement, 
document and instrument executed and delivered by Buyer pursuant 
to this Agreement constitute valid and binding obligations of Buyer 
enforceable in accordance with their terms. The execution, delivery 
and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and each such 
agreement, document and instrument:

(i) do not and will not violate any provision of the certificate 
of incorporation or by-laws of Buyer;

(ii) do not and will not violate any laws of the United States, 
or any state or other jurisdiction applicable to Buyer or 
require Buyer to obtain any approval, consent or waiver 
of, or make any filing with, any person or entity 
(governmental or otherwise) that has not been obtained 
or made; and

(iii) do not and will not result in a breach of, constitute a 
default under, accelerate any obligation under, or give 
rise to a right of termination of any indenture or loan or 
credit agreement or any other agreement, contract, 
instrument, mortgage, lien, lease, permit, authorization, 
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination 
or arbitration award, whether written or oral, to which 
Buyer is bound or affected.

4.4 Litigation. There is no litigation pending or, to the best 
knowledge of Buyer, threatened against Buyer which would prevent 
or hinder the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.

4.5 Finder's Fees. Except for the fees of Penrose Associates, 
which shall be paid solely by Buyer, Buyer has not incurred or 
become liable for any broker's commission or finder's fee relating to 
or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.

4.6 Reliance. Buyer is relying on each of the representations 
and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement.

SECTION 5. COVENANTS OF BUYER.

5.1 Making of Covenants and Agreements. Buyer hereby 
covenants and agrees as set forth in this Section 5.

5.2 Accounts Receivable. Buyer agrees to promptly remit to 
Seller any amounts received by Buyer with respect to Seller's 
accounts receivable. Buyer agrees to cooperate with Seller to inform 
customers of the Cryolab Business with outstanding accounts 
receivable due to Seller as of the Closing Date that payments should 
be directed to Seller and not to Buyer.

5.3 Inventory. Buyer agrees to use commercially reasonable 
efforts in the ordinary course of business to sell the Inventory, except 
the parties recognize a reserve of $104,000 for obsolete or scrap 
inventory items for which Buyer shall have no such obligation.

5.4 Insurance. Buyer (or its affiliates) shall continue to 
maintain for a period of five years after the Closing, product liability 
insurance in the amount of at least $2,000,000 (and on such other 
terms and conditions as are customarily contained in such policies of 
Buyer and its affiliates) and such insurance shall apply to products 
sold or provided by Buyer after the Closing Date.

5.5 Confidentiality. In the event that Buyer should acquire 
any proprietary or confidential information of or concerning SAES 
and/or the business of SAES in connection with or as a result of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Buyer agrees not to 
disclose and to maintain the confidentiality of such information, 
except Buyer may disclose any such information (i) to the extent 
required by law and (ii) which relates to the operation of the Cryolab 
Business.

5.6 Notification. Until the third anniversary of the Closing 
Date, Buyer hereby agrees to provide to Seller written notice of any 
change of Buyer's address within five days after such change, 
specifying such new address.

5.7 Acquired Sales Orders. Upon the sale and purchase of 
the Subject Assets, Buyer agrees to pay, perform and discharge in 
accordance with their terms only the Sales Order Liabilities. 

SECTION 6. SURVIVAL OF WARRANTIES.

6.1 Survival of Warranties. All representations, warranties, 
agreements, covenants and obligations herein or in any schedule, 
exhibit, certificate or financial statement delivered by any party 
incident to the transactions contemplated hereby are material, shall 
be deemed to have been relied upon by the parties receiving the same 
and shall survive the Closing (subject to Section 7.1 hereof) 
regardless of any investigation and shall not merge into the 
performance of any obligation by any party hereto.

SECTION 7. INDEMNIFICATION.

7.1 Indemnification by Seller. Seller (subject to the following 
paragraph of this Section 7.1), agrees to defend, indemnify and hold 
Buyer, its parent and its and their respective subsidiaries and 
affiliates and persons serving as officers, directors, partners or 
employees thereof (individually a "Buyer Indemnified Party" and 
collectively the "Buyer Indemnified Parties") harmless from and 
against any and all Claims (as defined in Section 1.2 hereof), 
whether or not arising out of third-party claims, without regard to 
any investigation by any of the Buyer Indemnified Parties and 
including all reasonable amounts paid in investigation, defense or 
settlement of the foregoing, which may be sustained or suffered by 
any of them based upon, arising out of, by reason of or otherwise in 
respect of or in connection with (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of 
any representation or warranty made by Seller in this Agreement or 
in any Schedule, exhibit, certificate, agreement or other document 
delivered hereunder or in connection with this Agreement, or any 
claim, action or proceeding asserted or instituted or arising out of 
any matter or thing covered by such representations or warranties 
(collectively, "Buyer Representation and Warranty Claims"); (b) any 
breach of any covenant or agreement made by Seller in this 
Agreement or in any Schedule, exhibit, certificate, agreement or other 
instrument delivered under or in connection with this Agreement, or 
any claim, action or proceeding asserted or instituted arising out of 
any matter or thing covered by any such covenant or agreement; 
(c) any Claim relating to the business or operations of Seller other 
than the Cryolab Business; (d) any Claim relating to the operations 
and assets of the Cryolab Business which arises in connection with 
or on the basis of events, acts, omissions, conditions or any other 
state of facts occurring or existing prior to or on the Closing Date 
(including, in each case, without limitation, any Claim relating to or 
associated with the litigation set forth on Schedule 2.11, warranty 
claims or claims for injury (including death) or claims for damage, 
direct or consequential, resulting from or connected with products or 
services of the Cryolab Business sold or provided on or prior to the 
Closing Date, product liability matters, warranty claims, tax matters, 
pension and benefits matters, any failure to comply with applicable 
laws and/or permitting or licensing requirements, personal injury 
and property damage matters and environmental and worker health 
and safety matters); or (e) any Claim relating to the Unsalable 
Inventory Amount (as defined in Section 7.5) (collectively, "Inventory 
Claims"). The rights of Buyer Indemnified Parties to recover 
indemnification in respect of any occurrence referred to in clause (b), 
(c), (d) or (e) of this Section 7.1 shall not be limited by the fact that 
such occurrence may not constitute an inaccuracy in or breach of 
any representation or warranty referred to in clause (a) of this Section 
7.1. 

The right of Buyer Indemnified Parties to recover 
indemnification under this Section 7.1 shall be subject to the 
following limitations:

(i) No indemnification shall be payable by Seller 
with respect to Buyer Representation and Warranty Claims and 
Inventory Claims unless the total of all amounts payable 
pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall exceed $25,000 in the 
aggregate, whereupon the total amount of such Claims shall be 
recoverable in accordance with the terms thereof, provided that 
such $25,000 limitation shall not apply with respect to Claims 
involving intentional misrepresentation or intentional 
concealment.

(ii) All rights to indemnification under 
Sections 7.1(a) and 7.2(a) with respect to Buyer Representation 
and Warranty Claims and Seller Representation and Warranty 
Claims, respectively, shall expire on the Second Anniversary 
Date, except that Buyer Representation and Warranty Claims 
and Seller Representation and Warranty Claims relating to or 
involving intentional misrepresentation or intentional 
concealment shall survive until and shall expire on the date 
three months after the termination of the applicable statute of 
limitations relating thereto. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, if on or prior to the second anniversary of the Closing 
Date (the "Second Anniversary Date") a specific state of facts 
shall have become known which may give rise to a claim for 
indemnification under Section 7.1(a) or 7.2(a), as the case may 
be, and an Indemnified Party shall have given written notice of 
such facts known by such Indemnified Party at such time to 
Seller in the case of a Buyer Indemnified Party, or to Buyer in 
the case of a Seller Indemnified Party, then the right to 
indemnification with respect thereto shall remain in effect 
without regard to when such matter shall be finally determined 
and disposed of. All rights with respect to indemnification with 
respect to Inventory Claims shall expire on the day after the 
third anniversary of the Closing Date (the "Third Anniversary 
Date"). All rights to indemnification under Sections 7.1(a) and 
7.2(a) with respect to claims other than Buyer Representation 
and Warranty Claims, Seller Representation and Warranty 
Claims and Inventory Claims shall, except as they may 
otherwise be extended, survive until and shall expire on the 
date three months after the termination of the applicable 
statute of limitations relating thereto. The limitations herein 
with respect to Buyer Representation and Warranty Claims and 
Seller Representation and Warranty Claims shall not limit the 
rights of any Indemnified Party with respect to any other 
claims.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything contained in this 
Section 7 to the contrary, Seller shall not be required to 
indemnify Buyer Indemnified Parties with respect to (A) Buyer 
Representation and Warranty Claims and Inventory Claims in 
an aggregate amount in excess of $500,000, except with 
respect to claims relating to or involving intentional 
misrepresentation or intentional concealment, as to which no 
such limit shall apply, and (B) Inventory Claims in an aggregate 
amount in excess of $250,000, except with respect to claims 
relating to or involving intentional misrepresentation or 
intentional concealment, as to which no such limit shall apply.

(iv) No indemnification shall be payable with 
respect to Inventory Claims until after the Second 
Anniversary Date, at which time such indemnification, if any, 
shall be payable, but Seller shall not (subject to the following 
sentence) be required to pay an amount in excess of an 
aggregate amount (the "Initial Inventory Claims Amount") equal 
to the lesser of (A) $125,000 or (B) 50% of the Inventory 
Claims. The amount of any Inventory Claims remaining 
unpaid following payment of the Initial Inventory Claims 
Amount (the "Unpaid Inventory Claims Amount") shall (subject 
to the limitation set forth in Section 7.1(iii)(B) hereof) be paid by 
Seller to the relevant Buyer Indemnified Party on the Third 
Anniversary Date; provided, however, that if following the 
Second Anniversary Date and prior to the Third Anniversary 
Date items of Inventory with respect to which Inventory Claims 
were made are sold, the Unpaid Inventory Claims Amount shall 
be reduced by an amount (the "Inventory Sales Amount") equal 
to the lesser of (X) the aggregate amount of Inventory Claims 
represented by such sold Inventory items or (Y) the actual 
aggregate net sales proceeds to Buyer in respect of such sold 
Inventory items; provided further, however, that if the 
Inventory Sales Amount exceeds the Unpaid Inventory Claims 
Amount, Buyer shall pay to Seller on the Third Anniversary 
Date the amount of such excess.

7.2 Indemnification by Buyer. Buyer agrees to defend, 
indemnify and hold Seller, its parent and its and their respective 
subsidiaries and affiliates and persons serving as officers, directors, 
partners or employees thereof (individually a "Seller Indemnified 
Party" and collectively the "Seller Indemnified Parties") harmless from 
and against any and all Claims (as defined in Section 1.2 hereof), 
whether or not arising out of third-party claims and including all 
reasonable amounts paid in investigation, defense or settlement of 
the foregoing, which may be sustained or suffered by any of them 
based upon, arising out of, by reason of or otherwise in respect of or 
in connection with (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any 
representation or warranty made by Buyer in this Agreement or in 
any Schedule, exhibit, certificate, agreement, or other document 
delivered hereunder or in connection with this Agreement, or any 
claim, action or proceeding asserted or instituted or arising out of 
any matter or thing covered by such representations or warranties 
("Seller Representation and Warranty Claims"); (b) any breach of any 
covenant or agreement made by Buyer in this Agreement or in any 
Schedule, exhibit, certificate, agreement or other instrument 
delivered under or in connection with this Agreement, or any claim, 
action or proceeding asserted or instituted arising out of any matter 
or thing covered by any such covenant or agreement; (c) any Claim 
relating to the operation by Buyer of the Subject Assets after the 
Closing Date which arises in connection with or on the basis of 
events, acts, omissions, conditions or any other state of facts 
occurring or existing after the Closing Date (including, in each case, 
without limitation, any Claim relating to or associated with warranty 
claims or claims for injury (including death) or claims for damage, 
direct or consequential, resulting from or connected with products or 
services sold or provided by Buyer after the Closing Date, product 
liability matters, warranty claims, tax matters, pension and benefit 
matters, any failure to comply with applicable laws and/or permitting 
or licensing requirements, personal injury and property damage 
matters and environmental and worker health and safety matters); 
and (d) the non-performance of the Sales Order Liabilities to the 
extent assumed by Buyer hereunder as they become due, in 
accordance with their respective terms.

The rights of Seller Indemnified Parties to recover 
indemnification under this Section 7.2 shall be subject to the 
following limitations:

(i) No indemnification shall be payable by Buyer with 
respect to Seller Representation and Warranty Claims unless the 
total of all amounts payable pursuant to this Section 7.2 shall exceed 
$25,000 in the aggregate, whereupon the total amount of such 
Claims shall be recoverable in accordance with the terms thereof, 
provided that such $25,000 limitation shall not apply with respect to 
Claims involving intentional misrepresentation or intentional 
concealment.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything contained in this 
Section 7 to the contrary, Buyer shall not be required to indemnify 
Seller Indemnified Parties with respect to Seller Representation and 
Warranty Claims in an aggregate amount in excess of $500,000, 
except with respect to claims relating to or involving intentional 
misrepresentation or intentional concealment, as to which no such 
limit shall apply.

7.3 Notice; Defense of Claims. Promptly after receipt by an 
indemnified party of notice of claims of third parties or litigation filed 
with respect to, or the commencement of any governmental 
proceeding or investigation relating to, any claim, liability or expense 
to which the indemnification obligations hereunder would apply, the 
indemnified party shall give notice thereof in writing to the 
indemnifying party, but the omission to so notify the indemnifying 
party promptly will not relieve the indemnifying party from any 
liability except to the extent that the indemnifying party shall have 
been prejudiced as a result of the failure or delay in giving such 
notice. Such notice shall state in reasonable detail the information 
then available regarding the amount and nature of such claim, 
liability or expense and shall specify the provision or provisions of 
this Agreement under which the liability or obligation is asserted. If 
within 20 days after receiving such notice the indemnifying party 
gives written notice to the indemnified party stating that it disputes 
and intends to defend against such claim, liability or expense at its 
own cost and expense, then counsel for the defense shall be selected 
by the indemnifying party (subject to the consent of the indemnified 
party which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld) and the 
indemnified party shall make no payment on such claim, liability or 
expense as long as the indemnifying party is conducting a good faith 
and diligent defense. Notwithstanding anything herein stated, the 
indemnified party shall at all times have the right fully to participate 
in such defense at its own expense directly or through counsel and 
shall have the right to consent to any settlement proposed by the 
indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld; provided, however, if the named parties to the action or 
proceeding include both the indemnifying party and the indemnified 
party and representation of both parties by the same counsel would 
be inappropriate under applicable standards of professional conduct, 
the expense of separate counsel for the indemnified party shall be 
paid by the indemnifying party. If no such notice of intent to dispute 
and defend is given by the indemnifying party, or if such diligent good 
faith defense is not being or ceases to be conducted, the indemnified 
party shall, at the expense of the indemnifying party, undertake the 
defense of (with counsel selected by the indemnified party), and shall 
have the right to compromise or settle (exercising reasonable 
business judgment) such claim, liability or expense. The indemnified 
party shall make available all information and assistance that the 
indemnifying party may reasonably request and shall cooperate with 
the indemnifying party in such defense.

7.4 Satisfaction of Indemnification Obligations. Any 
indemnity payable pursuant to this Section 7 shall be paid within the 
later of (a) ten (10) days after the indemnified party's request therefor 
(in the case of claims not involving a third party) or (b) ten (10) days 
prior to the date on which the loss upon which the indemnity is 
based is required to be satisfied by the indemnified party. In order 
to satisfy any indemnification obligations of Seller, Buyer shall have 
the right (in addition to collecting directly from Seller in whole or in 
part, at its option) to set off the amount of any indemnification owed 
to it or its affiliates under Section 7.1 against any amounts otherwise 
due from Buyer or its affiliates to Seller (including without limitation 
any amounts due under Section 7.1(iv) hereof).

7.5 Unsalable Inventory. For purposes of this Agreement, 
the term "Unsalable Inventory Amount" means the amount, if any, by 
which (a) the aggregate value of any Inventory set forth on Schedule 
2.11 which is not sold on or prior to the Second Anniversary Date 
exceeds (b) the amount of the reserve for obsolete or scrap inventory 
set forth on Schedule 1.1(a)(i). For purposes of determining the value 
of any Inventory remaining unsold, the value of such Inventory shall 
be as reflected on Schedule 1.1(a)(i). For purposes of determining 
whether an Inventory item has been sold, all parts included in 
products manufactured and sold by Buyer after the Closing (or which 
would have been included in such products but for the fact that 
Buyer modified such product after the Closing Date, unless such 
modification was made by Buyer as a result of facts which would 
result in a breach of any of the representations or warranties 
contained in Section 2 of this Agreement) which are the same as 
parts which are included in the Inventory, shall be deemed to have 
been sold whether or not such parts were in fact included in the 
Inventory or whether Buyer purchased or manufactured such parts 
after the Closing.

SECTION 8. MISCELLANEOUS.

8.1 Law Governing. This Agreement shall be construed 
under and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions 
thereof.

8.2 Notices. All communications, notices and consents 
provided for herein shall be in writing and be given in person or by 
means of telex, facsimile or other means of wire transmission (with 
request for assurance of receipt in a manner typical with respect to 
communications of that type) or by mail, and shall become effective 
(x) on delivery if given in person, (y) on the date of transmission if 
sent by telex, facsimile or other means of wire transmission, or 
(z) four business days after being deposited in the United States 
mails, with proper postage, for first-class registered or certified mail, 
prepaid.

Notices shall be addressed as follows:

If to Buyer, to:

c/o Watts Industries, Inc.
815 Chestnut Street
North Andover, MA 01845
Attn: President
Facsimile Number: 508-688-5841

With a copy to:

c/o Watts Industries, Inc.
815 Chestnut Street
North Andover, MA 01845
Attn: Suzanne M. Zabitchuk, Esq.
Facsimile Number: 508-688-5841

Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
Exchange Place
Boston, MA 02109
Attn: John R. LeClaire, P.C.
Facsimile Number: 617-523-1231

If to Seller:

SAES Pure Gas, Inc.
4175 Santa Fe Road
San Luis Obispo, CA 93401
Attn: President
Facsimile Number: 805-541-9399

With a copy to:

Martin J. Tangeman, Esq.
Sinsheimer, Schiebelhut & Baggett
1010 Peach Street
P.O. Box 31
San Luis Obispo, CA 93406-0031
Facsimile Number: 805-541-2802

provided, however, that if any party shall have designated a different 
address by notice to the others in accordance with this Section 8.2, 
then to the last address so designated.

8.3 Prior Agreements Superseded. This Agreement 
supersedes all prior understandings and agreements among the 
parties relating to the subject matter hereof.

8.4 Assignability. This Agreement shall not be assignable by 
any party, except by Buyer to an affiliate of Buyer (which assignment 
shall not relieve Buyer of any of its obligations hereunder), without 
the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. This Agreement 
(including without limitation the provisions of Section 7) shall be 
binding upon and enforceable by, and shall inure to the benefit of, 
the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs, executors, 
administrators and permitted assigns.

8.5 Captions and Gender. The captions in this Agreement 
are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or 
interpretation of any term or provision hereof. The use in this 
Agreement of the masculine pronoun in reference to a party hereto 
shall be deemed to include the feminine or neuter pronoun, as the 
context may require.

8.6 Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the 
term:

(a) "affiliate" of a person shall mean a person that 
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, 
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the 
first mentioned person;

(b) "control" (including the terms "controlled by" and 
"under common control with") means the possession, directly 
or indirectly or as trustee or executor, of the power to direct or 
cause the direction of the management policies of a person, 
whether through the ownership of stock, as trustee, partner or 
executor, by contract or credit arrangement or otherwise;

(c) "person" means an individual, corporation, 
partnership, association, trust or any unincorporated 
organization; and

(d) "subsidiary" of a person means any corporation 
more than 50 percent of whose outstanding voting securities, 
or any partnership, joint venture or other entity more than 50 
percent of whose total equity interest, is directly or indirectly 
owned by such person.

8.7 Execution in Counterparts. For the convenience of the 
parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in 
two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, 
but all of which shall constitute one and the same document.

8.8 Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement may not be 
amended or modified except by a writing duly and validly executed by 
each party hereto. Compliance with any condition or covenant set 
forth herein may not be waived except by a writing duly and validly 
executed by the party or parties to be bound. No delay on the part of 
any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any 
party of any such right, power or privilege, or any single or partial 
exercise of any such right, power or privilege, preclude any further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power or 
privilege.

8.9 Severability. Each of the provisions contained in this 
Agreement shall be severable and the unenforceability of one shall 
not affect the enforceability of any other provision or the remainder of 
this Agreement.

8.10 Bulk Sales Law. Buyer waives compliance by Seller with 
the provisions of any applicable bulk sales, fraudulent conveyance or 
other law for the protection of creditors, and Seller agrees (in addition 
to and independent of Seller's indemnification obligations contained 
in Section 7) to indemnify and hold Buyer harmless from, and 
reimburse Buyer for, any loss, cost, expense, liability or damage 
(including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements and expenses) 
which Buyer may suffer or incur by virtue of the non-compliance by 
Seller with such laws.

8.11 Publicity and Disclosures. Buyer and its affiliates and 
Seller shall be permitted to make such press releases and disclosures 
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as they desire, 
provided however, (i) the Purchase Price shall not be publicly 
disclosed, unless in the reasonable opinion of the disclosing party 
such disclosure is required to comply with the laws, rules or 
regulations now applicable to it or which in the future become 
applicable to it and (ii) neither Seller nor its affiliates in any such 
press release shall refer to Buyer, Watts Industries, Inc. or any 
affiliate of either one, except solely to disclose the name Circle Seal 
Controls, Inc. as the Buyer hereunder.

8.12 Consent to Jurisdiction and Service. Each of the parties 
hereto consents to personal jurisdiction, service of process and venue 
in the federal or state courts of Massachusetts with respect to any 
and all claims or disputes between the parties, arising directly or 
indirectly in connection with this Agreement and the related 
agreements and schedules, including but not limited to any and all 
claims for indemnification and other rights established by this 
Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this 
Agreement to be executed as of the date first set forth above by their 
duly authorized representatives. 

BUYER:

CIRCLE SEAL CONTROLS, INC.

By:/s/Rick L Needham 
Rick L. Needham
President

SELLER:

SAES PURE GAS, INC.

By: 
Francesco della Porta
Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This agreement is made and entered into in Amsterdam on 
November 18, 1994 by and between:

WATTS INDUSTRIES EUROPE BV ("Watts Europe"), 
incorporated as a besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid under the laws of The Netherlands, having its 
registered office at Kollergang 14, 6961 LZ Eerbeek, The Netherlands, 
represented by Mr. Johan van Kouterik, acting pursuant to the Power 
of Attorney, a copy of which is attached hereto as Annex 1,

KF INDUSTRIES EUROPE BV ("KF"), incorporated as a besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid under the laws of The 
Netherlands, having its registered office at Kollergang 14, 6961 LZ 
Eerbeek, The Netherlands, represented by Mr. Michael O. Fifer, 
acting pursuant to the Power of Attorney, a copy of which is attached 
hereto as Annex 2, of the one part,

PHILABEL INTERNATIONAL NV ("Philabel International"), a 
Netherlands Antilles company with principal offices at 22 
Julianaplein, Curacao, Netherlands Antilles, a share capital of 100 
thousand Dutch Guilders, represented by Mr. J.W.E. Moret, acting 
pursuant to the Power of Attorney, a copy of which is attached hereto 
as Annex 3 (Philabel International being hereinafter sometimes 
referred to also as "Seller"),

Mr. Antonio Vienna ("A. Vienna") , an Italian citizen domiciled 
in Milano, Via Archimede, 57, fiscal code no. VNN NNG 4lMl9 B045V, 
and

G.I.V.A. SpA ("GIVA"), an Italian company with principal offices 
at Via Risorgimento, 63, Mazzo di Rho (Milano), a share capital of 
14,600,000,000 Italian lire, enrolled in the Register of Companies 
with the Tribunal of Brescia, no. 36646, tax and VAT code no. 
02917180172, represented by the sole director A. Vienna, duly 
empowered as attested by the certificate issued on September 12, 
1994 by the Tribunal of Brescia, copy of which is attached hereto as 
Annex 4 (A. Vienna and GIVA being hereinafter referred to as 
"Guarantors") ___________ of the other part.

WHEREAS:
A. Seller owns all the shares representing the entire 
outstanding share capital of Philabel NV (the "Holding Company"), a 
Dutch company with principal offices at 504 Herengracht, 1017, CB 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, a share capital of 3,651,000 Dutch 
Guilders, divided into 36,500 ordinary and 10 preference bearer 
shares of 100 Dutch Guilders each (the "Shares");

B. Seller represents and warrants that the Holding 
Company is the beneficial owner of a shareholding participation 
consisting of 100% (one hundred per cent) of the shares of Pibiviesse 
SpA (the "Company) an Italian company with principal offices at Via 
Di Vittorio 43, Mazzo di Rho (Milano), Italy, a share capital of 
2,000,000,000 (two billion) Italian Lire, divided into 20,000 (twenty 
thousand) ordinary shares of 100,000 (one hundred thousand) Italian 
Lire each, enrolled in the register of Companies with the Tribunal of 
Milano, no. 245162/6485/12, tax and VAT code no. 07798890153;

C. the Company in turn owns a quota having a par value of 
32,000,000(thirty-two million) Italian Lire constituting 80% (eighty 
per cent) of the entire share capital of De Martin Giuseppe e Figli Srl 
(the "Quota"), an Italian Company with registered office at Via Fratelli 
Bandiera, 47, Robecco sul Naviglio, Milano, Italy, a share capital of 
40,000,000 (forty million) Italian Lire, enrolled in the Register of 
Companies of Milano no. 239552/6393/2, tax and VAT code no. 
00000450155 ("De Martin"), the remaining 20% (twenty per cent) of 
the share capital of De Martin being owned as to 10% (ten per cent) 
by Mr. Mario Oreste De Martin and as to 10% (ten per cent) by Mr. 
Enzo Corbella (collectively, the "Minority Shareholders of De Martin");

D. prior to the date hereof, the Company had the following 
further participations:
(a) 231,300 (two hundred thirty-one thousand three 
hundred) shares of 10,000 (ten thousand) Italian Lire each 
representing 70.09% (seventy point zero nine per cent) of the entire 
share capital of Forgiatura A. Vienna SpA ("Forgiatura Vienna") ;
(b) 3,200 (three thousand two hundred) shares of 
10,000 (ten thousand) Italian Lire each representing 16% (sixteen per 
cent) of the entire share capital of La Valvomeccanica SpA 
("Valvomeccanica"); and
(c) 4,050,000 (four million fifty thousand) shares of 
1,000 (one thousand) Italian Lire each representing 32.4% (thirty-two 
point four per cent) of the entire share capital of Nuova Breda Fucine 
SpA ("Nuova Breda") ;

E. Seller represents that, pursuant to prior understandings 
reached with Watts Industries, Inc., a U.S. corporation directly or 
indirectly controlling Watts Europe and KF ("Watts"), it procured the 
following actions and transactions to be taken and accomplished on 
or before the date hereof:
(a) all outstanding options or other rights to acquire 
Shares (as hereinafter defined) have been cancelled or waived;
(b) the Company has sold and transferred to GIVA or a 
company designated by GIVA, which acquired and became transferee 
of, all the shares of Forgiatura Vienna, Valvomeccanica and Nuova 
Breda (the "Sale and Purchase of Certain Participations") , and the 
Company received the following amounts in consideration of said 
sales of shares:
(i) 6,260,000,000 (six billion two hundred sixty 
million) Italian Lire for the shares of Forgiatura Vienna;
(ii) 402,000,000 (four hundred two million) 
Italian Lire for the shares of Valvomeccanica; and
(iii) 100,000 (one hundred thousand) Italian Lire 
for the shares of Nuova Breda, while the Company retained its 
participation in De Martin;

(c) all intercompany accounts between any and all 
companies directly or indirectly controlled by GIVA including 
Forgiatura Vienna, Valvomeccanica and Nuova Breda (collectively, 
the "GIVA Group"), of the one part, and the Company, De Martin 
(sometimes collectively referred to as the "Operating Companies") and 
the Holding Company, of the other part, have been offset against 
each other and the net balance of the offset has been paid by the 
debtor party to the creditor party, except that trade debts of the 
Operating Companies to companies of the GIVA Group have been 
excluded from said offset, with the understanding that they will be 
paid in accordance with their respective terms; and

(d) all intercompany agreements, contracts, 
undertakings and arrangements in existence between all the 
companies of the GIVA Group, as well as any other company in which 
A. Vienna has a participation (with the only exception of the existing 
rent agreements between the Company and Immobiliare Danubio Srl 
("Immobiliare Danubio") and La Valvomeccanica), of the one part, and 
the Holding Company, the Company and De Martin, of the other part, 
have been terminated by mutual agreement of the relevant parties 
thereto and neither party thereto has any further claim or action 
against the others; and

F. the parties desire to set out herein the definitive terms 
and conditions for the sale and purchase of the Shares and of the 
Quota,
now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual understandings and 
covenants contained herein Watts Europe, KF and the Designated 
Company (as hereinafter defined), collectively referred to as "Buyers", 
Seller and Guarantors agree as follows.

ARTICLE 1 - RECITALS AND ANNEXES
The recitals set out above and the Annexes attached hereto 
form an integral and substantive part of this stock purchase 
agreement (the "Agreement").

ARTICLE 2 - SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE QUOTA AND OF THE 
SHARES
Subject to the terms and conditions set out herein:
(a) the Company sells and transfers to the company 
designated by Watts Europe prior to the date hereof (the "Designated 
Company"), which acquires and becomes transferee of, the Quota (the 
"Sale and Purchase of the Quota");
(b) promptly after the Sale and Purchase of the Quota, 
Seller sells and transfers to KF and Watts Europe, which accept and 
become transferee of, the Shares (the "Sale and Purchase of the 
Shares") as follows:
(i) no. 36,135 (thirty-six thousand one hundred 
thirty-five) ordinary Shares and no. 10 preference Shares, 
corresponding to 99% (ninety-nine per cent) of the entire share 
capital of the Holding Company to KF; and
(ii) no. 365 (three hundred sixty-five) Shares, 
corresponding to 1% (one per cent) of the entire share capital of the 
Holding Company to Watts Europe.

ARTICLE 3 - PRICES

3.1 The price for the Quota has been jointly determined in 
the amount of 510 (five hundred ten) million Italian Lire (the "Price 
for the Quota").
The Price for the Quota is fixed and not subject to adjustment, 
without prejudice however to the representations and warranties of 
Seller concerning De Martin set out in the Agreement.

3.2 Using the method of calculation previously agreed, the 
price for the Shares has been jointly determined as follows:
(a) the total amount of 29,827, 193,801 (twenty-nine 
billion eight hundred twenty-seven million one hundred ninety-three 
thousand eight hundred one) Italian Lire (the "Provisional Portion of 
the Price"), which has been calculated based on the balance sheet of 
the Company as of September 30, 1994 attached hereto as Annex 5 
(the "Reference Balance Sheet") , it being specified that:
(i) the Reference Balance Sheet; and
(ii) the Provisional Portion of the Price have been 
prepared in accordance with the criteria agreed between the parties 
set out in the schedule attached hereto as Annex 6 (the "Agreed 
Criteria"); plus

(b) deferred and conditional amounts (the "Deferred 
Portion of the Price") equal to:
(i) 11.25% (eleven point twenty-five per cent) of 
the portion of Net Product Revenues of the Company (as hereinafter 
defined) exceeding 60 (sixty) billion Italian Lire per annum, limited to 
a three-year period starting from January 1, 1995 and up to a total 
aggregate amount of 4,500 (four thousand five hundred) million 
Italian lire, with the understanding that each amount possibly due by 
Buyers hereunder shall be paid within 75 (seventy-five) days from the 
end of each of the calendar years 1995, 1996, 1997; and
(ii) 15% (fifteen per cent) of the portion of Net 
Product Revenues obtained in the aggregate by the Company in the 
calendar years 1995, 1996 and 1997 which exceeds 220 (two 
hundred twenty) billion Italian lire up to a total amount of 1,500 (one 
thousand five hundred) million Italian lire, with the understanding 
that the amount possibly due by Buyers hereunder shall be paid 
within March 15, 1998.
For the above purposes, "Net Product Revenues" means gross 
revenues obtained by the Company from sales of products less 
indirect taxes on sales, duties, transport and insurance costs, 
discounts, allowances or returns.
In the event that, on or before the date on which a Deferred 
Portion of the Price is due by Buyers hereunder, an award is 
rendered in favour of Buyers pursuant to the arbitration provisions 
set out hereinafter, and any amounts due by Seller in accordance 
with such arbitration award have not been paid by Seller to Buyers, 
then said unpaid amount shall be deducted from the Deferred Portion 
of the Price.

3.3 Buyer shall refrain from doing or procuring the Company 
to do any actions or omissions mainly intended to circumvent or limit 
the effects of the provisions set out in the preceding sub-paragraph 
3.2 (b) .

3.4 The Provisional Portion of the Price is subject to 
adjustment (the "Price Adjustment") in accordance with the 
provisions set out hereinafter.

3.5 The obligation of Buyers to pay to Seller the Price 
Adjustment, if any, is assisted by a bank guarantee issued by Credit 
Lyonnais Bank Nederland NV, Rotterdam, in favour of Seller for an 
amount equal to 15% (fifteen per cent) of the Provisional Portion of 
the Price, conforming to the text attached hereto as Annex 7 (the 
"Buyers I First Bank Guarantee").

3.6 The obligation of Buyers to pay to Seller the Deferred 
Portion of the Price is also assisted by a bank guarantee issued by 
Credit Lyonnais Bank Nederland NV, Rotterdam, in favour of Seller 
for an amount up to 6, 000, 000, 000 (six billion) Italian Lire (the 
"Buyers I Second Bank Guarantee") , conforming to the text attached 
hereto as Annex 8.

ARTICLE 4 - CLOSING

4.1 on the date hereof (the "Closing Date"), immediately after 
the execution of the Agreement, the following actions and 
transactions are taken and accomplished:
(a) in Milano, at the offices of Mr. Giuseppe 
Gasparrini, Notary Public, Via Manzoni, 20, Milano, at 11, 30 a.m., 
the Sale and Purchase of the Quota is made by means of execution 
by the Company and the Designated Company of a deed of sale 
drawn up by notary in accordance with Italian law;
(b) in Amsterdam, at the offices of Clifford Chance, 
Apollolaan, 171, 1077 Amsterdam, at 11:45 a.m., the Sale and 
Purchase of the Shares is made by due delivery of the share 
certificates in respect of the Shares from Seller to Buyers in 
accordance with Dutch law;
(c) Buyers (pro-quota between them) pay to Seller 90% 
(ninety per cent) of the Provisional Portion of the Price (the "Amount 
Paid at Closing") by bank wire transfer to the bank accounts 
indicated by the selling party;
(d) Buyers deliver to Seller the Buyers' First Bank 
Guarantee and the Buyers' Second Bank Guarantee;
(e) Seller delivers to KF a bank guarantee issued by 
ABN-Amro Bank Nederland NV, in favour of KF, conforming to the 
text attached hereto as Annex 9 (the "Seller's Bank Guarantee") , for 
an amount equal to 15% (f if teen per cent) of the Amount Paid at 
Closing (subject to a possible reduction as per separate written 
understandings), to guarantee payment of indemnifications, if any, 
due by Seller to Buyers in accordance with the provisions set out 
hereinafter, with the understanding that the rights of Buyers under 
the Seller's Bank Guarantee shall be without prejudice to, and not in 
limitation of, the rights of Buyers deriving from the Agreement;
(f) having all the directors and statutory auditors, if 
any, of the Holding Company, the Company and De Martin, 
submitted their written resignations effective as of the Closing Date, 
without costs for the Holding Company, the Company and De Martin, 
the Shareholders Meetings of the Holding Company, the Company 
and De Martin appoint new directors and statutory auditors, where 
necessary, to replace the resigning directors and statutory auditors in 
accordance with the written instructions given by Buyer prior to the 
date hereof; and
(g) the following additional agreements, contracts or 
undertakings (the "Additional Agreements") are executed by all the 
relevant parties thereto:
(i) non-competition and non-disclosure 
undertakings by A. Longhi to the Company;
(ii) employment contract between a company 
controlled by Watts Europe and R. Bartolena and a letter relating 
thereto;
(iii) letter-agreement between the Company and 
BM International Srl ("BMI"), providing inter alia for termination by 
mutual consent of the existing Agency Agreement, three-years 
noncompetition and ten-years non-disclosure undertakings by BMI; 
and
(iv) letter-agreement between Forgiatura Vienna 
and the Company, concerning supplies of forgings by Forgiatura 
Vienna to the Company.

4.2 Within 7 (seven) days from the Closing Date Buyers shall 
procure that the Designated Company pays to the Company the Price 
for the Quota.

ARTICLE 5 - OUTSTANDING BANK GUARANTEES

5.1 Starting from the Closing Date, Buyers shall indemnify 
and keep Seller and/or the other companies of the GIVA Group 
harmless from any damages, costs or expense deriving from or 
connected with the enforcement by creditors of the Company or 
De Martin of any outstanding guarantees or similar undertakings 
issued or procured by Seller and/or other companies of the GIVA 
Group in the interest of either the Company or De Martin and in 
favour of creditors of the same as listed in the schedule attached 
hereto as Annex 10 (the "Outstanding Guarantees in Favour of 
Creditors of the Operating Companies").
Buyers also undertakes to endeavour to obtain, in co-operation 
with Seller and as soon as practicable after the Closing Date, the full 
release of Seller and/or other companies of the GIVA Group having 
issued or procured Guarantees in Favour of Creditors of the 
Company or De Martin from any obligations deriving to them from 
said Outstanding Guarantees in Favour of Creditors of the Operating 
Companies.

5.2 Starting from the Closing Date, Seller shall indemnify 
and keep Buyers, the Holding Company and the Operating 
Companies harmless from any damage, cost or expense deriving from 
or connected with the enforcement by creditors of companies of the 
GIVA Group of any outstanding guarantees or similar undertakings 
issued or procured by the Company in favour of creditors of any 
company of the GIVA Group as listed in the schedule attached hereto 
as Annex 11 (the "Outstanding Guarantees issued by the Company in 
Favour of Creditors of Companies of the GIVA Group").
Seller also undertakes to endeavour to obtain, as soon as 
practicable after the Closing Date, the full release of the Company 
from any obligations deriving to from the Outstanding Guarantees 
issued by the Company in Favour of Creditors of Operating 
Companies of the GIVA Group.

ARTICLE 6 - ADJUSTMENT OF THE PROVISIONAL PORTION OF THE PRICE AND
DEFERRED PORTION OF THE PRICE

6.1 Within 75 (seventy-five) days from the Closing Date (the 
"Term"):
(a) for the purpose of the Price Adjustment Seller 
shall, in cooperation with Buyers and the company and with the 
assistance of Deloitte & Touche s.n.c., Milano, designated by Buyers 
and of a public accountant designated by Seller, draw up the balance 
sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (the "Closing Balance 
Sheet") using the Agreed Criteria; and
(b) the adjusted price for the Shares (the "Adjusted 
Price") shall be calculated based on the Closing Balance Sheet always 
using the Agreed Criteria.

6.2 The amount equal to the difference between the Amount 
Paid at Closing and the Adjusted Price (the "Adjustment") shall be 
due by Buyers (proquota) to Seller or by Seller to Buyers (always 
pro-quota), as the case may be, and payable as provided for 
hereinafter.

6.3 In the event that, within the Term, Seller and Buyers do 
not agree on the Closing Balance Sheet or on whether or not the 
Adjustment is due or on the amount thereof, the matter will be 
promptly submitted by Seller or Buyers to Reconta Ernst & Young 
s.a.s., Milano (the "Expert") .

6.4 The Expert will be required to communicate its 
determination within 20 (twenty) business days in writing at the 
same time to Seller and Buyers. The determination of the Expert 
shall be final and binding.

6.5 If the Adjustment is agreed between Seller and Buyers or 
determined and communicated by the Expert as provided for above, 
then Seller or Buyers, as the case may be, shall make payment 
within 7 (seven) working days from the date of the agreement between 
Seller and Buyers or from receipt of the communication by the Expert 
as the case may be, by bank wire transfer to the bank account to be 
indicated in a timely manner by the relevant party.

6.6 Buyers shall procure that the Company as soon as 
practicable after the end of the calendar years 1995, 1996 and 1997 
communicates the data required to calculate the Deferred Portion of 
the Price and shall make payment of the relevant amounts due to 
Seller, if any, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3.2 
above.

6.7 In the event that, within the date on which a payment, if 
any, of a Deferred Portion of the Price is due, Seller and Buyers do 
not agree on whether or not a payment of Deferred Portion of the 
Price is due by Buyers to Seller or on the amount thereof, the matter 
will be promptly submitted by Buyers or Seller to the Expert for final 
determination applying the provisions of paragraphs 6.4 and 6.5 
above.

ARTICLE 7 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1 Seller and Guarantors hereby jointly and severally 
represent and warrant each of the statements set out in Annex 12 
and in the schedules annexed thereto (the "Representations and 
Warranties") , with the understanding that the Representations and 
Warranties will survive the transfer of the Quota and the transfer of 
the Shares in accordance with the provisions set out hereinafter.

7.2 Any due diligence investigations made by Buyer or 
disclosures made by Seller or Guarantors to Buyers prior to the date 
hereof do not limit the Representations and Warranties or affect the 
rights of Buyers under the Agreement in any manner whatsoever.

ARTICLE 8 - INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 Seller and Guarantors shall be jointly and severally liable 
to indemnify and hold Buyers, the Company and De Martin harmless 
from and against any liability, claim or damage arising from or 
otherwise connected with any material breach of this Agreement, and 
in particular of the Representations and Warranties, or any 
contingent liability arising from or otherwise connected with facts, 
acts or omissions of Seller, the Holding Company or the Operating 
Companies occurred before the Closing Date, except only for:
(a) liabilities of the Company:
(i) reflected in the Reference Balance Sheet; or
(ii) incurred in the ordinary course of business 
since the date of the Reference Balance Sheet until the Closing Date; 
or
(iii) already taken into account for the purpose of 
the Price Adjustment; or
(b) liabilities of De Martin reflected in its December 31, 
1993 balance sheet or incurred in the ordinary course of business 
since that date and until the Closing Date.

8.2 Any indemnification by Seller and/or Guarantors 
pursuant to the preceding paragraph (the "Indemnification") shall be 
deemed a reduction of the Adjusted Price.

8.3 Without prejudice to other provisions of the Agreement, 
in the event that Buyers become aware of facts that could give rise to 
a claim to Seller concerning environmental matters, Buyers shall 
inform Seller and Guarantors as soon as possible with a view to 
permit Seller to carry out remedial actions to minimize damage.

ARTICLE 9 - THIRD PARTY IS CLAIMS

9.1 Buyers shall give promptly notice to Seller of any third 
party Is claim against the Holding Company or the Operating 
Companies (the "Third Party's Claim") which may result in a claim by 
Buyers pursuant to the Agreement.

9.2 Within 30 (thirty) days from the above communication of 
the Buyers, Seller shall communicate to Buyers its decision whether 
it intends to defend such Third Party Is Claim or not.

9.3 If Seller decides to defend the Third Party's Claim:
(a) Buyers shall permit Seller to defend such Third 
Party' s Claim in the name of the Holding Company, the Company or 
De Martin, as the case may be, through counsel selected and paid by 
Seller and acceptable to Buyers; and
(b) Seller shall request its counsel to consult and fully 
cooperate at all times in such defence with counsel designated and 
paid by Buyers or the Holding Company, the Company or De Martin.

9.4 If Seller decides not to defend the Third Party's Claim or 
if Seller fails to communicate its decision pursuant to paragraph 9.2 
above, Buyers and the Holding Company, the Company or De Martin, 
as the case may be, shall be free to defend, settle or compromise, in 
whole or in part, such Third Party's Claim, it being understood and 
agreed that all expenses connected therewith shall be part of the 
relevant Buyers claim.

9.5 In all cases Seller and Buyers shall cooperate in good 
faith in the defence or settlement of the Third Party's Claims, taking 
into account their respective interests as well as those of the Holding 
Company, the Company or De Martin.

ARTICLE 10 - LIMITATIONS

10.1 In order for a claim under the Agreement (a "Claim") to 
be validly made, Buyers shall have to give notice in writing to Seller 
and Guarantors:
(a) with respect to any Claim concerning taxes, duties, 
labour, social security or environmental matters before the expiration 
of a period of 6 (six) years from the Closing Date; or
(b) with respect to any Claim concerning matters other 
than those referred to under (a) above, before the expiration of a 
period of 3 (three) years from the Closing Date.

10.2 The Indemnification possibly due by Seller or Guarantors 
in accordance herewith shall be limited to a maximum amount equal 
to the amount of the Adjusted Price plus any amount paid by Buyers 
as Deferred Portion of the Price.

ARTICLE 11 - BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY

11.1 Seller and Buyers shall procure that, in the years 1995, 
1996 and 1997, A. Vienna (or another person designated by Seller) is 
at all times a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, the 
other being persons appointed upon designation by Watts Europe.

11.2 During the above mentioned three-year period:
(a) Watts and Buyers undertake not to interfere in the 
sales policy of the Company as established by its Board of Directors;
(b) the Board of Directors shall not delegate to 
A. Vienna operating powers; and
(c) the Board of Directors will convene at least three times per year.

ARTICLE 12 - LEASE CONTRACTS

12.1 Seller and Guarantors warrant that, until August 31, 
1995, the Company shall have the right to continue to use the plants 
and offices presently used at Mazzo di Rho and Nerviano, under the 
lease contracts currently in force (the "Existing Lease Contracts") 
upon their respective contractual terms and conditions, except that 
the Existing Lease Contracts shall, as of the Closing Date, be 
amended to provide that:
(a) ordinary maintenance will be for the account of the 
Company, while extra-ordinary maintenance will be for the account 
of the owner; and
(b) costs for insurance against fire shall be for the 
account of the Company.

12.2 Guarantors further undertake to provide to the 
Company, and Buyers shall cause the Company to enter into, a new 
lease contract and an option (the "Option") to obtain lease of an 
additional industrial building (collectively, the Lease Contracts") in 
accordance with the following agreed scheme:
(a) Guarantors shall procure that the owner of the 
New Plant and Offices (as hereinafter defined) gives the Buyer 90 
(ninety) days prior written notice that the same are available for lease 
to the Company and Buyer shall procure that, within 30 (thirty) days 
from receipt of said notice, the Company provides to the owner the 
lay-out of the production facilities to be installed at the care and 
expense of the Company at the New Plant, including a detailed 
description of the location of main equipment, electric and other 
connections and any other data as required to permit the normal 
operation of the New Plant as of the effective date of the relevant lease 
contract (the "First New Lease Contract");
(b) the object of the New First Lease Contract will be:
(i) a new 12,000 (twelve thousand) square 
meters plant in finished conditions and ancillary land at Nerviano 
(the "New Plant") ;
(ii) the 1,588 (one thousand five hundred 
eighty-eight) square meters of existing offices and ancillary services at 
Nerviano (the "Offices") ; and
(iii) 2,800 (two thousand eight hundred) square 
meters of existing industrial buildings at Mazzo di Rho, all as better 
described in the schedule attached hereto as Annex 13;
(c) the rent to be provided for in the New First Lease 
Contract shall be 1.3 (one point three) billion Italian Lire in the 
aggregate;
(d) the New Plant and Offices at Nerviano shall be 
available by August 31, 1995, so that the First Lease Contract may 
be effective from September 1, 1995 at the latest, with the 
understanding that should the First New Lease Contract not be 
effective, for any reason, by September 1, 1995, the Company shall 
be entitled to continue to use the plants and offices object of the 
Existing Lease Contract at the same terms and conditions until the 
First Lease Contract becomes effective, without prejudice to any other 
right or remedy of Buyers hereunder;
(e) the Option will be exercisable by the Company 
within one year from the Closing Date and if it is exercised:
(i) Guarantors shall procure that an additional 
3,000 (three thousand) square meters industrial building conforming 
to the specifications set out in the schedule attached hereto as Annex 
14 (the "Expansion") is constructed at Nerviano adjacent to the New 
Plant; and
(ii) the Expansion shall be leased to the 
Company within I (one) year from the date of exercise of the Option 
pursuant to a lease contract (the "Second New Lease Contract") 
providing for a rent of 400 (four hundred million) Italian Lire per year;
(f) the Lease Contracts shall inter alia provide that:
(i) ordinary maintenance shall be for the 
account of the Company;
(ii) extraordinary maintenance for the account of 
the owner;
(iii) the Company shall at its expense insure the 
real estate leased against fire for a value of 15 (fifteen) billion Italian 
Lire, subject to yearly revision at the request of the Company, 
designating the owner as beneficiary;
(iv) taxes shall be paid by the party responsible 
for such tax under applicable provisions of law and, if no provision 
exists, then by Immobiliare Danubio; 
(g) the Lease Contracts shall have a term of 6 plus 6 
years, as per law, provided that the owner and the Company shall be 
entitled to terminate them not before the expiry of the first six-year 
period or, in case of renewal, not before the expiry of the second 
six-year period, with the understanding that, if the Company 
exercises the Option and does not renew the First New Lease 
Contract having decided to relocate its industrial activity and related 
offices, the relevant parties shall terminate by mutual agreement the 
Second New Lease Contract effective as of the same date of 
termination of the First New Lease Contract.

12.3 The Guarantors further warrant that:
(a) all existing polychlorinated biphenols ("PCB") 
transformers will at the care and expense of the owner thereof be 
removed from the New Plant, in accordance with applicable 
environmental laws and regulations, as a condition precedent for the 
First Lease Contract to enter into force, with the understanding that 
replacement with non-PCB trans formers will be at the care and 
expense of the Company;
(b) at the execution of the First New Lease Contract, 
the owner of the plants and offices presently used by the Company at 
Mazzo di Rho will accept termination of the Existing Lease Contracts, 
without any burden upon the Company; and
(c) Buyers will have the first refusal right to purchase, 
directly or through the Company or another designee, the New Plant, 
Offices and the Expansion, if any, in the event any third party makes 
an offer to buy the same during the term (or renewal thereof) of the 
Lease Contracts; in such event, Seller shall give written notice to 
Buyers and they will have a period of 30 (thirty) days to indicate 
whether or not they intend to exercise such first refusal right.

12.4 Watts guarantees payments by the Company under the 
Existing Lease Contracts, the First New Lease Contract and the 
Second New Lease Contract, if any, in accordance with the terms set 
out in a separate letter delivered at the Closing Date to Immobiliare 
Danubio.

ARTICLE 13 - NON-COMPETITION AND NON-DISCLOSURE

13.1 GIVA, acting also in the name and on behalf of all other 
companies of the GIVA Group and A. Vienna acting also in the name 
and on behalf of all companies directly or indirectly controlled by 
him, hereby undertake not to compete directly or indirectly for a 
period of 3 (three) years from the Closing Date with the Company, the 
Buyers, Watts or other Watts affiliates in the design, manufacture, 
development, distribution, marketing or sales of any product or data 
related to ball and gate valves for the oil and gas market in the 
countries listed in the schedule attached hereto as Annex 15, without 
the express written consent of Watts, which shall be in its sole 
discretion, exception made for the production of plug valves ("valvole 
a maschio") manufactured by La Valvomeccanica.

13.2 GIVA, acting also in the name and on behalf of all other 
companies of the GIVA Group and A. Vienna, acting also in the 
name and on behalf of all companies directly or indirectly controlled 
by him, further undertake for a period of 10 (ten) years from the 
Closing Date to keep strictly secret, not to disclose to third parties 
and not to use, directly or indirectly, any and all confidential data 
and information, including confidential data and information of 
commercial nature, relating to the Company, Buyers, Watts or other 
Watts affiliates or their respective activities.

ARTICLE 14 - TAXES AND EXPENSES

14.1 No broker's or finder's fee is to be paid in connection with 
the transactions contemplated herein.

14.2 The costs, including notarial fees and taxes, for the Sale 
and Purchase of the Quota shall be for the account of the Designated 
Company and the costs, including notarial fees and taxes for the Sale 
and Purchase of the Shares shall be for the account of Seller.

14.3 The costs connected with the intervention of the Expert, 
if any, shall be equally shared between Seller, of the one part, and 
Buyers, of the other part.

14.4 Seller and Buyers shall each bear all their costs and 
expense in connection with the negotiation and consummation of the 
transactions contemplated herein, including fees due to their own 
financial and other advisors and consultants and costs and expense 
connected with instrumental activities or transactions undertaken 
with a view to enter into the transactions contemplated herein, and 
shall indemnify the other against any claim by third parties relating 
to such costs, fees and expense.

ARTICLE 15 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT - AMENDMENTS

15.1 The Agreement and the Additional Agreements merge and 
supersede any prior written or verbal understandings between the 
parties in connection with the subject matters thereof.

15.2 The Agreement prevails over any deed or form executed 
in accordance herewith to effect the Sale and Purchase of the Quota 
and the Sale and Purchase of the Shares.

15.3 Any amendments or supplements to the Agreement or 
the Additional Agreements shall only be valid and effective if in 
writing and duly executed by all parties thereto.

ARTICLE 16- SEVERABILITY

Should one or more provisions contained herein be invalid or 
unenforceable under the applicable provisions of law, such provisions 
shall be severed from the Agreement and the parties shall in good 
faith negotiate and agree to replace such provisions with other(s) 
having the same economic effect to the maximum extent as permitted 
by the law.

ARTICLE 17- CONFIDENTIALITY

17.1 Each party shall keep the contents of the Agreement 
strictly confidential, except for disclosures to legal consultants and 
auditors or disclosures required by provisions of laws or regulations 
applicable to each of the parties.

17.2 The originals pertaining to Buyers, Watts and the 
Company shall be kept in their files at the European or U.S. 
headquarters and photocopies will be made and delivered only in 
accordance with the provisions of the preceding paragraph 17.1.

ARTICLE 18 - GUARANTORS

18.1 Guarantors execute the Agreement to guarantee
to Buyers the full and faithful performance of all the obligations 
assumed herein by Seller, the Holding Company and BMI.

18.2 Watts, represented by Mr. Michael 0. Fifer duly 
empowered by the Board resolution copy of which is attached hereto 
as Annex 16, executes the Agreement in so far as it is concerned, to 
guarantee to Seller the full and faithful performance of all obligations 
assumed herein by Buyers.

ARTICLE 19 - SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNEES

19.1 The Agreement is binding on the parties and their 
respective successors in business.

19.2 Neither party shall assign the Agreement or rights and 
obligations deriving from the Agreement to a third party, without first 
obtaining the written consent of the other parties.

ARTICLE 20 - NOTICES

20.1 Any notice or communication by one party to the other 
parties in connection with the Agreement shall be in writing and 
delivered in person or sent by registered letter and telefax as follows:
if to Seller: Philabel International N.V.
22, Julianaplein
Curagao (Netherlands Antilles)
telefax: (599) 9617879
Attention: EquityTrust (Curacao) NV

if to Guarantors, to their common representative A. Vienna:

Mr. Antonio Vienna c/o Studio Beretta
Via Archimede, 57
Milano
telefax: (2) 70124648

if to Buyers: Watts Industries, Inc.
815 Chestnut Street
North Andover, Massachusetts 01845
telefax: (508) 6882976
Attention: Corporate Counsel

Watts Industries Europe BV 
Kollergang 14 
6961 LZ Eerbeek 
(the Netherlands) 
telefax: (31) 833854192 
Attention: C.F.O.

20.2 Notices delivered in person shall be effective immediately. 
Notices sent by telefax shall be effective immediately if sent on a 
business day or, if not, on the first subsequent business day. Notices 
sent by registered letter shall be effective upon receipt, unless the 
letter confirms a previous notice by telefax.

ARTICLE 21 - COUNTERPARTS

The Agreement has been drawn up in seven counterparts one 
for each party, each of which is an original and all of which constitute 
one and the same document.

ARTICLE 22 - GOVERNING LAW

The Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Italian substantive law.

ARTICLE 23 - CONTROVERSIES

23.1 In the event of any dispute arising between the parties 
howsoever in connection with the Agreement the parties shall 
endeavour in good faith to settle such disputes amicably.

23.2 Should the parties be unable to reach an amicable 
solution, then any such dispute (including, but not limited to, those 
concerning validity, interpretation, breach, termination, prejudicial or 
competence matters) will be finally settled upon request by any party 
by a three members arbitration panel under the arbitration 
provisions of the Canton Zilrich, expressly excluding the application 
of Art. 176 et seq. of the Federal Law on Private International Law.

23.3 Any party wishing to submit a dispute to arbitration 
shall inform the other parties in dispute by registered letter. Within 
15 (fifteen) days of receipt of such communication, the parties in 
dispute will by mutual agreement appoint three arbitrators, including 
the umpire. Failing agreement in whole or in part, the arbitrators) 
required to compose the arbitration panel shall be appointed, upon 
request by any party, by the President pro-tempore of the Tribunal of 
Commerce of the Canton Zilrich.

23.4 The arbitration shall be held in Zurich in the English 
language.

23.5 Procedural rules shall be those set out in the March 27 - 
August 27, 1969 "Concordat". Substantive law shall be Italian law.

23.6 The parties as of now waive deposit of the award and 
notification through judicial authority pursuant to Art. 35.5 of the 
"Concordat".

23.7 The arbitration award shall be rendered within 90 
(ninety) days and shall be final and binding upon the parties.
In witness whereof, the parties have caused the Agreement to 
be executed by their duly empowered representatives on the day and 
place first above written.

WATTS INDUSTRIES EUROPE BV

By:/s/ Johan van Kouterik 
(Johan van Kouterik), Vice President

KF INDUSTRIES EUROPE BV

By:/s/ Michael O. Fifer 
(Michael O. Fifer), President

PHILABEL INTERNATIONAL NV

By:/s/ J.W.E. Moret 
(J.W.E. Moret), 
Attorney-in-Fact

/s/ Antonio Vienna
Mr. Antonio Vienna

G.I.V.A. SpA

By:/s/ Antonio Vienna 
(Antonio Vienna), Sole Director

and, in so far as they are concerned,

WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.

By:/s/ Michael Fifer 
(Michael O. Fifer), Vice President

PIBIVIESSE SpA

By:/s/ Antonio Vienna 
(Antonio Vienna), President

LIST OF ANNEXES

Annex 1 - Powers of Watts Europe Is Representative

Annex 2 - Powers of KF Industries' Representative

Annex 3 - Powers of Seller Is Representative

Annex 4 - Powers of GIVA's Representative

Annex 5 - Reference Balance Sheet and Calculation of 
the Provisional Portion of the Price

Annex 6 - Agreed Criteria

Annex 7 - Form of Buyers I First Bank Guarantee

Annex 8 - Form of Buyers' Second Bank Guarantee

Annex 9 - Form of Seller Is Bank Guarantee

Annex 10 - List of Outstanding Guarantees in Favour of 
Creditors of the Operating Companies

Annex 11 - List of Outstanding Guarantees issued by 
the Company in Favour of Creditors of Companies 
of the GIVA Group

Annex 12 - Representations and Warranties

Schedule A - Patents
Schedule B - Trademarks
Schedule C - Patent Litigations
Schedule D - Material Contracts
Schedule E - List of personnel
Schedule F - Special Terms of 
Employment
Schedule G - Insurance Policies
Schedule H - Bank Accounts and Credit 
Facilities
Schedule I - Other Litigations

Annex 13 - The New Plant

Annex 14 - The Expansion

Annex 15 - List of countries
Annex 16 - Powers of Watts' Representative

Annex 9

Form of Seller's Bank Guarantee

To: KF Industries Europe BV

___________, [Closing Date]

Guarantee no.: ___________

Whereas:

A. on the date hereof, PHILABEL INTERNATIONAL NV (the 
"Seller"), Mr. Antonio Viena and G.I.V.A. SpA (the "Guarantors"), of 
the one part, and WATTS INDUSTRIES EUROPE B.V. ("Watts 
Europe") and KF INDUSTRIES EUROPE BV ("KF"), of the other part, 
entered into a stock purchase agreement (the "Agreement") having as 
object the sale from Seller to Buyers of 100% of the shares 
representing the entire share capital of PHILABEL NV (the "Holding 
Company"), which in turn owns 100% of the shares representing the 
entire share capital of Pibiviesse SpA, Mazzo di Rho, Milano;

B. the sale and purchase of the Holding Company 
contemplated by the Agreement (the "Sale and Purchase") has been 
made on the date hereof (the "Closing Date");

C. the Agreement provides inter alia that the Seller assumes 
the obligation to pay to Watts Europe and KF (collectively the 
"Buyers") certain indemnifications upon certain terms and conditions 
(the "Indemnification");

D. the Agreement further provides that, to guaranty 
payment of Indemnifications due to Buyers, if any, Seller has to 
deliver to KF at the Closing Date a bank guarantee, issued by a first 
class bank in favour of KF for the total amount of 4,026,671,163 
(four billion twenty-six million six hundred seventy-one thousand one 
hundred sixty-three) Italian Lire; and

E. the Agreement also provides that all disputes arising in 
connection with the Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration 
under Italian law in accordance with the Swiss rules of civil procedure,
now, therefore,
on order of Seller the undersigned ________ (the "Bank"), represented 
by ______, hereby irrevocably issues this guarantee for the total 
amount of 4,026,671,163 (four billion twenty-six million six hundred 
seventy-one thousand one hundred sixty-three) Italian Lire in favour 
and to the benefit of KF to guaranty payment to Buyers of 
Indemnifications, if any. 
On _______, 1997 the total amount of this guarantee shall be 
automatically reduced from 4,026,671,163 (four billion twenty-six 
million six hundred seventy-one thousand one hundred sixty-three) 
to 2,013,335,581 (two billion thirteen million three hundred 
thirty-five thousand five hundred eighty-one) Italian Lire, unless the 
Bank has received prior to such date of ________ 1997 a written 
communication by KF (the "KF's Communication") stating that a 
claim or claims of Buyers with respect to Indemnifications is or are 
pending.
Accordingly, the undersigned Bank irrevocably undertakes to 
immediately pay to KF any amount -- up to the said maximum 
amount of 4,026,671,163 (four billion twenty-six million six hundred 
seventy-one thousand one hundred sixty-three) Italian Lire, as it may 
be reduced as above to 2,013,335,581 (two billion thirteen million 
three hundred thirty-five thousand five hundred eighty-one) Italian 
Lire -- which may be due to Buyers as resulting from a written 
statement signed by KF and Seller or pursuant to an arbitration 
award rendered under the Agreement and as indicated in such 
arbitration award, upon receipt by our bank of a written request of 
payment by KF accompanied by an original of the above statements 
signed by Buyers and Seller or a certified copy of said arbitration 
award, as of now waiving the right to request that KF or Buyers first 
bring action against Seller and/or Guarantors and any other possible 
exception and notwithstanding any possible opposition by the Seller, 
Guarantors or anybody else.
This guarantee may be enforced one or more times, up to the 
said maximum amount of 4,026,671,163 (four billion twenty-six 
million six hundred seventy-one thousand one hundred sixty-three) 
Italian Lire, as it may be reduced as above to 2,013,335,581 (two 
billion thirteen million three hundred thirty-five thousand five 
hundred eighty-one) Italian Lire, and within the limit of the amount 
of this guarantee which remains outstanding after any previous 
payment made by the Bank to KF under this guarantee.
This guarantee shall be valid until six years from the Closing 
Date (the "Term"), provided that, in the event that prior to such Term 
KF has delivered to the Bank a written communication stating that 
an arbitration proceeding is pending under the Agreement ("KF's 
Arbitration Communication"), accompanied by a certified copy of the 
request for arbitration made by any part to the Agreement, then the 
validity of this guarantee shall automatically extend until the 
expiration of the thirtieth day after the date on which the arbitration 
award has been rendered in the above arbitration proceeding (the 
"Extended Term").
Upon expiration of Term, or of the Extended Term in the event 
of pending arbitration, as the case may be, should this Bank have not 
received any request of payment of this guarantee by KF in the 
manner set forth herein, then this guarantee shall cease to have any 
effect, irrespective of whether or not the original counterpart is 
returned to the Bank.
Any communication by the Buyers to the Bank contemplated in 
this guarantee will be made by means of registered letter sent by mail 
or hand delivered.
This guarantee shall be governed by and interpreted according to Italian law.

Bank

Annex 12

Representations and Warranties

The Representations and Warranties of Seller and Guarantors 
are as set forth hereinafter.

A. With respect to the Holding Company

(a) Good standing
The Holding Company is a company duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the Netherlands.

(b) By-laws and Corporate Records
Correct and complete copy of the Bylaws of the Holding 
Company has been delivered to Buyers prior to the date hereof.

(c) Shares
Seller has full legal title to the Shares and full right, power and 
authority to sell, transfer and deliver the Shares to Buyers.
The Shares have been duly and validly is sued, are fully paid 
up and represent 100% (one hundred per cent) of the issued and 
outstanding share capital of the Holding Company.The Shares are 
free and clear of any pledges, liens, encumbrances, restrictions or 
commitments and of any rights of third parties.
There are no other shares or bonds issued by the Holding 
Company, as well as no outstanding options, warrants or any other 
rights of third parties to purchase or otherwise acquire shares or 
bonds, whether issued or not, of the Holding Company or a share in 
the profits of the Holding Company and no depository receipts have 
been issued.
The share certificates in respect of the Shares delivered by 
Seller to Buyers at the Closing Date are valid, represent the totality of 
the Shares and delivery thereof by Seller to Buyers vests in Buyers 
legal and beneficial title to the Shares.

(d) Assets and Liabilities
The Holding Company is a company having as its main asset a 
participation consisting in 100% of the shares representing the entire 
share capital of the Company. The Holding Company has no actual 
or contingent liabilities (apart from its share capital and an amount 
due for taxes and duties, including corporate tax, which amount is 
fully covered by cash at hand) and no obligations or commitments of 
any kind, either contractual or otherwise, to any third party.

(e) Compliance with Laws
The Holding Company has complied with and is not in default 
under or in violation of any law, statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, 
code, license, permit, authorization or other provisions applicable to 
it, including in particular those concerning tax and environmental 
matters.

B. With respect to the Operating Companies

(a) Title to the Company's Shares and to the Quota
The Holding Company has full legal title to the Company's 
shares and full right, power and authority to sell, transfer and deliver 
them to Buyers.The Company has full legal title to the Quota and full 
right, power and authority to sell and transfer the Quota to the 
Designated Company.

(b) Shares and Quota
The Company Is shares have been duly and validly issued, are 
fully paid up and represent 100% (one hundred per cent) of the 
issued and outstanding shares of the Company. The Company's 
shares are free and clear of any pledges, liens, encumbrances, 
restrictions or commitments and of any rights of third parties. There 
are no other shares, or bonds issued by the Company, as well as no 
outstanding options, warrants or any other rights of third parties to 
purchase or otherwise acquire shares or bonds of the Company.
The Quota is fully paid up and constitutes 80% (eighty per 
cent) of the entire share capital of De Martin. The Quota is free and 
clear of any pledges, liens, encumbrances, restrictions or 
commitments and of any rights of third parties. The Company is not 
party to any shareholders' agreement or any other agreement with 
the Minority Shareholders of De Martin.

(c) Bylaws and Corporate Records
Correct and complete copy of the updated Bylaws of the 
operating Companies have been delivered to Buyers prior to the date 
hereof.The corporate records of the Operating Companies are 
regularly kept and all minutes of the shareholders and the board of 
directors meetings have been entirely and regularly recorded therein.

(d) Good standing
Each of the Operating Companies is a company duly organized, 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Italy, has full 
right and authority to own its property and to carry on its business 
as now conducted and has all legal permits, licenses and any other 
authorizations required to own and operate its assets, and to engage 
in its business as presently conducted. There are no pending or 
threatened conditions or events regarding the continued use of the 
facilities owned or leased by the operating Companies at the present 
operating locations.

(e) Compliance with Laws
Each of the Operating Companies has complied with and is not 
in default under or in violation of any law, statute, rule, regulation, 
ordinance, code, license, permit, authorization or other provisions 
relating to it or its properties and assets or applicable to its business 
or products, including in particular, but, not limited to, those 
concerning tax, social, labor, environmental, health and security, and 
building matters.

(f) Reference Balance Sheet
The Reference Balance Sheet has been prepared in accordance 
with the law and accounting principles generally accepted in Italy, as 
well as with the Agreed Criteria, and are true, real and correct and 
fairly present the financial position of the Company and the situation 
of its business as of the date thereof, its assets and liabilities and the 
results of its operations. The Company has no liabilities or 
obligations, either accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, except 
(i) to the extent specifically set forth in the Reference Balance Sheet; 
or (ii) normal liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business 
since the date of the Reference Balance Sheet and until the Closing 
Date.

(g) Balance Sheets
The approved balance sheets of the Operating Companies as at 
December 31, 1993, copies of which have been delivered to Buyers 
prior to the date hereof, have been prepared in accordance with the 
law and accounting principles generally accepted in Italy, and are 
true, real and correct and fairly present the financial position of the 
Company and the situation of its business as of the date thereof, its 
assets and liabilities and the results of its operations.
De Martin has no liabilities or obligations, either accrued, 
absolute, contingent or otherwise not reflected in its balance sheet as 
at December 31, 1993, except normal liabilities incurred in the 
ordinary course of business since the date of its approved balance 
sheet for the year 1993 and until the Closing Date. There are no 
adverse changes in the financial and economic situation of De Martin 
at the Closing Date with respect to its financial and economic 
situation at December 31, 1993.

(h) Conduct of Business
From September 1, 1994 and until the Closing Date the 
Company has conducted its business in the normal and regular 
course which includes, without limitation:
(i) no payment of dividends or other 
distribution to shareholders;
(ii) no issuance or redemption of capital stock of 
the Company or options or rights to purchase stock of the Company;
(iii) no agreements for any transaction or series 
of related transactions having an aggregate value in excess of 200 
(two hundred) million Italian lire, except for ordinary product sales;
(iv) no agreements to borrow or lend any amount 
of money or to guarantee any obligations; and
(v) no material change in management or 
personnel nor in personnel policies, practices or remunerations, and 
Seller has not encumbered or granted any rights with respect to the 
assets of the Company.

(i) Interest in Other Entities
The Company has no subsidiaries and does not own, directly or 
indirectly, any interest or investment in any corporation, partnership 
or other entity, except for the participation in De Martin described in 
the Agreement. De Martin has no participations. 

(j) Title to Properties and Assets
The Operating Companies own outright and have full legal title 
to all properties and assets reflected in the Reference Balance Sheet, 
as far as the Company is concerned, and in the balance sheet as at 
December 31, 1993, as far as De Martin is concerned, as being 
owned by it, respectively. All such properties and assets owned by 
the Operating Companies constitute all assets required to conduct 
business as currently conducted and are subject to no liens, pledges, 
mortgages, encumbrances, reservations of ownership of any kind.

(k) Conditions of Fixed Assets
All real property and other fixed assets used by the Operating 
Companies conform to applicable laws and regulations. All required 
licenses, permits and other authorizations required for the operation 
of the Operating Companies' business as presently conducted are in 
full force and effect.
All machinery and equipment used by the Operating 
Companies are in good operating conditions, except for ordinary wear 
and tear.

(l) Inventories
The inventories of raw materials, supplies,work in process and 
finished goods reflected in the Reference Balance Sheet as well as 
those acquired after the date thereof are properly valued and 
recorded in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted 
in Italy as well as with the Agreed Criteria and consist of items usable 
and saleable in the ordinary course of business, and are not obsolete, 
except as otherwise set forth in the Reference Balance Sheet, or in 
the books of account of the Company.
The same applies to De Martin, with reference to its approved 
balance sheet as at December 31, 1993.

(m) Credits
All accounts, notes receivable and other credits of the 
Operating Companies created until the Closing Date, have arisen 
from bona fide transactions, are valid, genuine and collectible at their 
respective maturity dates.

(n) Industrial Property Rights
Each of the Operating Companies owns or has licenses or other 
rights to use all patents, patent applications, inventions, trademarks, 
trade names, copyrights, trade secrets and know how presently used, 
related to, or necessary for its business as presently conducted. The 
patents and patent applications of the Operating Companies are 
listed in Schedule A attached hereto. The Trademarks and 
trademarks applications of the Operating Companies are listed in 
Schedule B attached hereto.No proceedings or claims for 
infringement of any rights of a third party has been received, is 
pending or is known to be threatened against the Operating 
Companies and none of the Operating Companies products infringes 
any rights of third parties, except for the litigations described in 
Schedule C attached hereto, with the express understanding that 
Seller and Guarantors shall keep harmless and indemnify the 
Company from any and all costs, expenses, (including legal fees) and 
damages deriving from, or connected with, said litigations described 
in Schedule C.

(o) Taxes
Each of the Operating Companies has filed for correct amounts 
with the appropriate authorities all tax declarations required by law 
to be filed. No tax requests, claims or proceedings are pending or, to 
the best knowledge of Sellers, threatened against the operating 
Companies. All taxes, including those related to the Sale and 
Purchase of Certain Participations, which are due and payable by the 
Operating Companies until the Closing Date have been paid or 
adequately reserved for, as the case may be. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary hereinabove, Seller and Guarantors will not 
have any liability for direct taxes due by the Company in connection 
with the Sale and Purchase of the Quota.

(p) Compliance with Environmental, Health and Safety 
Legislation
Each of the Operating Companies does not violate nor has 
violated any environmental, health or safety rules currently in force. 
All necessary licenses, permits, approvals and authorizations for the 
performance of the activity carried out by the operating Companies, 
and particularly building permits and operating licenses granted by 
competent authorities, are in full force and effect and Sellers and the 
Operating Companies have not been informed or have no knowledge 
of any reason why any of these permits should be suspended, 
cancelled, revoked or not renewed. The Operating Companies have 
made all investments necessary to maintain the business in 
compliance with said permits, licenses, authorizations and approvals, 
as well as with applicable environmental health and safety rules.
Each of the Operating Companies has paid until the Closing 
Date all duties, levies, taxes and fees, if any, especially those 
concerning the waste disposal or water discharges, as well as all 
other duties, levies or taxes imposed on the activity of the 
Companies.
Each of the Operating Companies has satisfied its obligations, 
if any, of keeping books and registers that are mandatory under 
environmental legislation and has made all filings required by law.
No inspections have been made by governmental agencies 
during the last five years from which any liability has been assessed 
against or paid by the Operating Companies or their directors and 
there are no other open inspections pending resolution.
Each of the Operating Companies has received no notice or has 
no knowledge after due inquiry, that any toxic or hazardous 
substances, solid waste or any other pollutants, contaminants or 
chemicals, as regulated by the applicable laws, which they have 
disposed of, or arranged for the disposal of, have been found at any 
site where there exists a release or a threatened release of those 
substances.
None of the properties owned or leased by the Operating 
Companies has been used by any of them for the handling, 
processing, treatment, storage or disposal of hazardous substances 
other than in the conduct of the Operating Companies' operations in 
accordance with applicable laws. All wastes have been disposed of in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
There have been no releases of toxic or hazardous substances 
by the Operating Companies outside or into properties owned or 
leased by the Operating Companies or, to the best of Seller's 
knowledge, by others into properties owned or leased by the 
Operating Companies.
Any charges, costs and expenses deriving from, or connected 
with said releases or waste disposals offsite or any soil or 
groundwater contaminations that occurred before the Closing Date 
will be borne by Seller until the time period for a Claim by Buyers 
concerning environmental matters has expired pursuant to the 
Agreement.
Without limitation to the foregoing and with regard to 
underground tanks existing at facilities owned or leased by the 
operating Companies, it is stipulated that, should applicable 
provisions of law or orders of authorities require removal, or anyhow 
prudent in the reasonable business judgment of an owner with a long 
term perspective of owning and operating the business, upgrading, 
decontamination or any other remedial actions, including with regard 
to contamination of soils and/or groundwater, any charges, costs and 
related expenses shall be for the account of Seller.

(q) Material Contracts
The contracts, agreements or other contractual engagements 
whether written or verbal presently in force with the Operating 
Companies, which are material for the Operating Companies (i.e. 
having either a value exceeding 150 (one hundred fifty) million Italian 
lire or a term exceeding 1 (one) year, as well as all the consultancy 
agreements (the "Contracts") are listed or (if verbal) fully described in 
Schedule D attached hereto.Each of the Operating Companies is not 
in breach under any of the contracts, agreements or other 
contractual engagements to which it is a party.

(r) Penalties for Late Deliveries
Penalties due by the Operating Companies for late deliveries of 
products ordered by clients before the Closing Date shall not exceed 
500 (five hundred) million Italian Lire, excluding from calculation 
penalties already paid by the Operating Companies before the date of 
the Closing Balance Sheet.

(s) Cancellation of Contracts
Except for the Supply Agreement dated August 31, 1994 
between Shell U.K. Exploration and Production and the Company, 
there are no Contracts having clauses which give the right to the 
respective counterparts to cancel such Contracts and/or to be 
entitled to receive any compensation or modify the terms thereof 
(including payment and/or restitution terms) , because of the 
Transfer.

(t) Employees and Managers
The list of managers, employees and workers of the Operating 
Companies setting out the relevant salaries and compensations is 
attached hereto as Schedule E and Buyers acknowledge that the 
Company will hire two managers and seven employees effective as of 
November 21, 1994.
Except as disclosed in Schedule F attached hereto, each of the 
Operating Companies is not a party to, nor otherwise bound by: 
(i) any "Accordo Aziendale", (ii) any prof it sharing, deferred 
compensation, bonus, retainer, health, welfare or incentive plan or 
agreement whether legally binding or not; (iii) any plan or policy 
providing for 'fringe benefits" to its employees in excess to what is 
provided for in the applicable collective agreement, including but not 
limited to vacation, disability, sick leave, medical, hospitalization, life 
insurance and other insurance plans, and related benefits; (iv) any 
retirement or pension plan.
There are no loans presently outstanding between each of the 
Operating Companies and any of their directors or managers and 
other employees or workers, except for loans granted, pursuant to 
law, as an advance payment of their leaving indemnities.
The amount shown on the Reference Balance Sheet for staff 
leaving indemnities represents the full amount which the Company 
would have been required to pay to its employees for all periods 
through the date of the Reference Balance Sheet to cover staff leaving 
indemnities if their employment relationship with the Company had 
been terminated on that date. There are no other costs payable upon 
termination of employment for all periods through the date 
mentioned above.
The same applies to De Martin, with reference to its approved 
balance sheet as at December 31, 1993.
Each of the Operating Companies has filed and performed all 
declarations, returns and other accomplishments required with 
respect to its social security and welfare charges, as well as those 
charges of their employees to be withheld by the employer, have been 
paid in full or withheld until the Closing Date; and no claim or 
proceeding is pending, has been notified or is otherwise in progress 
or known to be threatened with regard to social and welfare charges.

(u) Insurance Policies
The insurance policies of the operating Companies are listed in 
Schedule G attached hereto.
Such insurance policies have been regularly paid and there are 
no outstanding claims in respect thereof.

(v) Bank Accounts and Loans
All bank accounts maintained by the operating Companies, as 
well as on all credit facilities of the Operating Companies, are listed 
in the Schedule H attached hereto.

(x) Litigations
Except as set forth in Schedule I attached hereto there are no 
actions, suits, investigations of proceedings pending nor to the 
knowledge of Seller, threatened against the Operating Companies, in 
any court or by or before any authorities and/or arbitral or similar 
bodies; each of the Operating Companies is not subject to any order 
judgment or decree or the like with any authority; there are no claims 
pending, nor to the best knowledge of Seller threatened, against any 
of the Operating Companies.

(y) Product liability and defective goods
Product liability in connection with goods shipped by the 
Operating Companies prior to the Closing Date shall be for the 
account of Seller, which shall keep harmless and indemnify the 
Operating Companies from any costs, expenses or damages deriving 
therefrom or connected therewith.
Any liability (including costs, expenses or damages for 
replacement, remedial actions or warranty) for defective goods 
shipped by the Operating Companies prior to the Closing Date shall 
be for the account of Seller to the extent not covered by specific 
reserves in the Reference Balance Sheet or in the balance sheet of 
De Martin at December 31, 1993.
Any third party claim will be handled in accordance with the 
provisions of Art. 9 of the Agreement.

(z) No adverse events
There are no events known to Seller or Guarantors that, either 
individually or in the aggregate, may have a material adverse effect 
upon the business or assets of the Operating Companies.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>