<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000913907-94-000002.txt : 19940112
<IMS-HEADER>
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000913907-94-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931229
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHERN UNION CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000203248
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	4924
		IRS NUMBER:				750571592
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06407
		FILM NUMBER:		94500197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		504 LAVACA ST 8TH FL
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5124775852
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>JANUARY FILING FOR SU/1/3/94
<TEXT>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

December 29, 1993
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

SOUTHERN UNION COMPANY
(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 1-6407 75-0571592
(State of (Commission (IRS Employer
incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

504 Lavaca Street, 8th Floor, Austin, Texas 78701
(Address of principal executive offices including zip code)

(512) 477-5852
Registrant's telephone number, including area code

Not applicable
(Former name or address, if changed since last report)
<PAGE>

-2-

Item 5. Other Events.

As described in the Press Release attached hereto as Exhibit
99.1, on December 29, 1993, the Missouri Public Service
Commission ("MPSC") issued a Report and Order that provides all
MPSC approvals necessary for the acquisition by the Registrant
from Western Resources, Inc. of certain natural gas distribution
properties serving approximately 462,000 customers in western
Missouri. The Registrant currently anticipates that closing of
the acquisition will occur on January 31, 1994.

As indicated in the attached Press Release, the Registrant
intends to fund the acquisition with the proceeds from the sale
by the Registrant of: 2,000,000 shares of its common stock at a
price of $25.00 per share through a subscription rights offering
that was completed on December 31, 1993; and debt securities in
January 1994 in an underwritten offering.

Item 7. Financial Statements, ProForma Financial Information and
Exhibits.

(a) Financial Statements of the Business Acquired.

Not Applicable

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information.

Not Applicable

(c) Exhibits.

99.1 Press Release dated December 30, 1993.

99.2 Report and Order of the Missouri Public
Services Commission including the Stipulation and
Settlement Agreement attached as Exhibit A
thereto.
<PAGE>

-3-

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SOUTHERN UNION COMPANY

Dated January 3, 1994 By: /s/Dennis K. Morgan 
Dennis K. Morgan
Vice President - Legal
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2 REPORT AND ORDER
<TEXT>
BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION

OF THE STATE OF MISSOURI

In the Matter of the Joint Application of )
Western Resources, Inc., d/b/a Gas Service, )
a Western Resources Company, a Kansas )
Corporation, and Southern Union Company, )
d/b/a Missouri Gas Energy, a Delaware )
corporation, for an order authorizing the ) Case No. GM-94-40
sale, transfer and assignment of certain )
assets relating to the provision of gas )
service in Missouri from Western Resources, )
Inc. to Southern Union Company, and in )
connection therewith, certain other related )
transactions. )

APPEARANCES: J. Michael Peters, Western Resources, Inc. 818
Kansas Avenue, Topeka, Kansas 66612, for Western
Resources, Inc. d/b/a Gas Service, a Western
Resources Company.

James C. Swearengen and Gary W. Duffy, Brydon,
Swearengen & England, P.C., 312 East Capitol
Avenue, P. O. Box 456, Jefferson City, Missouri
65102, for Southern Union Company.

Dennis K. Morgan, Southern Union Company, 504
Lavaca, Suite 900, Austin, Texas 78701, for
Southern Union Company.

Richard S. Brownlee, Hendren and Andrae, 235 East
High Street, P. O. Box 1069, Jefferson City,
Missouri 65102, for Williams Natural Gas.

Stuart W. Conrad, Lathrop & Norquist, 2345 Grand
Avenue, Kansas City, Missouri 64108, for Armco,
Inc. and Midwest Gas Users Association.

James P. Zakoura, Smithyman & Zakoura, 650
Commerce Plaza, 7300 West 110th Street, Overland
Park, Kansas 66210, for Riverside Pipeline
Company, L.P.

Paul W. Phillips, Deputy Assistant General
Counsel, U.S. Department of Energy, 1000
Independence Avenue, Southwest, Washington, D. C.
20585, for United States Department of Energy,
Federal Executive Agencies.<PAGE>

Douglas E. Micheel, Office of Public Counsel, P.
O. Box 7800, Jefferson City, Missouri 65102, for
Office of the Public Counsel and the Public.

Patrick A. Baumhoer, Andereck, Evans, Milne, Peace
& Baumhoer, P. O. Box 1438, Jefferson City,
Missouri 65102-1438, for Mountain Iron & Supply
Company.

William G. Higgins, Staff Attorney, Kansas City
Power & Light Company, 1201 Walnut Street, Kansas
City, Missouri 65106, for Kansas City Power &
Light Company.

Penny G. Baker, David Woodsmall, and Eugene
Mitchell, Jr., Staff Attorneys, Missouri Public
Service Commission, P. O. Box 360, Jefferson City,
Missouri 65102, for Staff of the Missouri Public
Service Commission.

HEARING
EXAMINER: Joseph A. Derque III<PAGE>

REPORT AND ORDER

Procedural History

On August 5, 1993, Western Resources, Inc., d/b/a Gas

Service (WRI) and Southern Union Company, d/b/a Missouri Gas

Energy (SU) filed a joint application requesting an order from

the Commission authorizing the sale, transfer, and assignment of

assets of WRI to SU related to the provision of gas service in

the State of Missouri, and, in connection therewith, approval to

perform certain other related transactions. After various

procedural motions, interventions, and scheduling orders were

made, and after the submission of testimony, a unanimous

stipulation and agreement was submitted by the parties on

December 16, 1993, having been agreed to by WRI, SU, the Staff of

the Commission, Office of Public Counsel (OFC), and all

intervenors.

A hearing was held on December 20, 1993, for the

presentation of that agreement and for the entry of the agreement

and testimony of witnesses into evidence.

Findings of Fact

Western Resources is a Kansas corporation in good standing

and currently owns and operates a gas distribution system in the

Western portion of the State of Missouri, which is the subject of

this transaction. WRI operates subject to certificates of

convenience and necessity issued by the Commission and subject to

the rules, regulations and jurisdiction of the Commission.

3<PAGE>

Southern Union is a Delaware corporation authorized to do

business in Missouri and is in good standing. Should this

agreement be approved by the Commission, Southern Union will do

business in Missouri as Missouri Gas Energy and will have its

principal office in Kansas City, Missouri.

The unanimous stipulation and agreement, filed December 16,

1993, seeks the approval of the Commission for WRI and SU to

engage in the proposed sale of assets as set out in the original

and amended applications and contract as filed by the joint

applicants and per the terms of the stipulation and agreement.

As all parties in this matter have reached agreement concerning

the issues presented in this case, the Commission finds that an

evidentiary hearing is not necessary.

The basic transaction, as set out in the contractual

agreement between SU and WRI is as follows:

Section 3.02 Purchase Price for Assets

(a) As consideration for the Assets and subject to the
terms, conditions, and limitations set forth in
this Agreement, the purchase price ("Purchase
Price" payable by Buyer to Seller shall be an
amount equal to $327,940,490 plus (i) to the
extent permitted by Section 8.01(f) hereof, and
capital expenditures made by Seller (net of third-
person contributions or advances) after March 31,
1993 and relating to the Gas Pipelines and Plants,
net of depreciation, amortizations and retirements
of all Gas Pipelines and Plants in accordance with
applicable regulatory principles, practices and
orders; plus (ii) the amounts payable by Buyer for
Total Inventory pursuant to Sections 4.01 and 4.02
hereof, plus or minus (iii) changes in the book
value of intangible personal property rights and
regulatory assets set forth on Schedule 1.01(a)
after March 31, 1993, net of depreciation or
amortization in accordance with applicable
regulatory principles, practices and orders, plus

4<PAGE>

(iv) an amount payable by Buyer for Accounts
Receivable net of allowance for uncollectible
customer accounts receivable of .96% of the gross
amount of the receivable); minus (v) the amount of
the Accounts Payable; and minus or plus (vi)
amounts payable to or by Buyer under Section 3.04.

In addition, the contract contains various specific matters.

In testimony, the Staff of the Commission and the OPC deal with

those specifics which they felt might be detrimental to the

public interest.

The Staff of the Commission and the OPC present 12 points,

11 by the Staff and one by OPC, that they maintain could be

considered detrimental to the public interest. The following is

a summary of the concerns expressed by the Staff:

1) Western Resources keeps excess pension assets over the
related projected benefit obligation.

2) Southern Union pays a significant premium for the
Missouri property.

3) Western Resources transfers the FAS 106 liability (TSO)
and keeps COLI assets.

4) The sale results in elimination of the deferred income
tax offset to rate base.

5) The sale results in cost shifts to Missouri. For
example, employees in Missouri will be transferred to
Southern Union that performed service for Kansas and
Oklahoma.

6) Western Resources overcharges Southern Union for
accounts receivable because of the net allowance for
uncollectible accounts.

7) Western Resources transfers FAS 106 liability to
Missouri related to work performed for other assets.

8) Western Resources transfers supplemental retirement
contract expense to Missouri related to work performed
in other states.

5<PAGE>

9) Southern Union has a lower debt rating and higher cost
of capital than Western Resources.

10) Western Resources will retain all investment tax credit
benefits.

11) Western Resources is transferring any employee and
retiree obligation related to its Palmyra operations to
Southern Union.

In addition, the Office of Public Counsel took the position

that the capital structure of Southern Union after the proposed

transaction, that being 28% equity and 72% debt, could place SU

in a difficult financial position in light of anticipated expense

for pipeline replacement and other expenditures for physical

plant necessitated by the aging infrastructure of parts of the

WRI system. The OPC was concerned that, as a result of this

acquisition, the cash necessary to complete these projects would

be obtained by SU from the ratepayers in the form of rate

increases.

Finally, both the Staff and OPC were opposed to SU passing

on the cost of this acquisition, that being principally the

purchase premium, known commonly as an acquisition adjustment, in

the form of increased rates.

In the stipulation and agreement some 25 matters were agreed

to by the parties and intervenors. Those matters can be

summarized as follows:

1) SU will not seek recovery on two retirement contracts;

2) SU will not seek a rate or complaint case within at
least three years (also see #7 below);

3) The acquisition premium will be below the line;

6<PAGE>

4) An AAO will be requested authorizing a plan to offset
costs as the result of FAS 106;

5) SU agrees to monthly surveillance reporting per the WRI
operating procedure;

6) SU will obtain $9 million over the FBO from WRI for
pensions and SU will make an additional contribution of
$3 million;

7) SU will not request a general rate increase until
obtaining a total capital ratio in line with lowest
investment grade S&P rating;

8) SU agrees to a rate base offset to compensate for rate
base deductions eliminated by this transaction;

9) SU will follow the gas safety rules as promulgated by
the Commission;

10) An AAO will be sought for expenses connected with the
gas safety program similar to that in place for WRI;

11) and 12) All parties reserve the right to various
additional adjustments;

13) SU will file a cost-of-service study with its first
non-gas general rate case;

14) WRI will assign all rights to SU from Wyoming Tight
Sands litigation;

15) SU will file tariffs at least ten days before closing;

16) SU will discuss take or pay costs with intervenors;

17) SU will reduce regulatory income tax expense in its
next rate case;

18) through 24) are standard clauses;

25) The Staff reserves the right to file a confidential
brief with the Commission presenting its rationale for
this agreement.

Comparison of the concerns of the Staff and OPC and the

resultant conditions in the stipulation and Agreement indicate

that major concerns of the parties were at least partially

alleviated. The ratepayer has been, at least for a period of

7<PAGE>

time, protected from any attempt by SU to recoup many of the

costs of the transaction through an increase in rates. The

acquisition cost itself, called a purchase premium, will clearly

not be passed on to the ratepayer. The current WRI pension fund,

a concern of various intervenors and other interested parties,

was adequately protected. Finally, emphasis was placed on

compliance by SU with the regulatory requirements, particularly

in the area of the Commission's gas safety and pipeline

replacement programs.

The Commission has reviewed the testimony, contractual

agreement and stipulation and agreement proposed in this case and

will approve the stipulation and agreement and, therefore, the

proposed transaction. In approving this agreement, the

Commission relies on the testimony of SU and the expertise of

both the Staff and OPC in regard to the capabilities of SU to

provide safe and adequate service over a period of years without

detriment to the ratepayers or the general public.

The Commission would express concern regarding the resultant

financial condition of SU subsequent to the sale. In this

regard, the Commission is aware that the approximate capital

structure of SU immediately following the proposed transaction

will be 72% debt and 28% equity. The Commission would note that,

in such a heavily leveraged position, SU has agreed to forego the

filing of a general rate case for a period of at least three

years from the date the transaction is consummated. Testimony

reveals that SU has considered the nature of the financial

8<PAGE>

position in which it will be placed and feels secure that it will

have adequate cash resources to provide safe and efficient

service over the next three to five years. In addition, SU

states that it will be able to comply with the various safety and

replacement regulations in this state and will replace aging

physical plant in the current system as appropriate.

The Commission, therefore, for the reasons set out above,

finds the pro-posed stipulation and agreement to be reasonable

and in the public interest. In addition, the Commission finds

the proposed transaction not to be detrimental to the public

interest as amended by the stipulation and agreement and will,

there-fore, approve the proposed transaction as set out in the

applications, con-tractual agreement, and stipulation and

agreement.

Conclusions of Law

The principal issue before the Commission, based on

substantial and competent evidence contained in the record as a

whole, and in accordance with the controlling rule in this case,

4 CSR 240-2.050(7), can be stated as follows: "Is the proposed

sale of 100 percent of the Missouri assets of WRI to SU not

detrimental to the public interest?" See State ex rel. City of

St. Louis v. Public Service Commission, 73 S.W.2d 393 (no. banc

1934); and State ex rel. Fee Fee Trunk Sewer, Inc. v. Litz, 596

S.W.2nd 466 (No. App. 1980).

9<PAGE>

In Case No. EM-91-290, in the matter of UtiliCorp United and

Colorado Transfer Company, the Commission created a supplemental

set of standards for acquisitions and mergers, those being:

"a. All documentation generated relative to the analysis of
the merger and acquisition in question must be
maintained.

b. The Company must present an estimate of the impact of
the merger on its Missouri jurisdictional operations.

c. The Company must provide an assessment of the relative
risk regarding items that impact its Missouri
operations.

d. The Company must propose assurances or conditions that
will address the overall merger components that pose
the risk of being detri-mental to the Missouri public
interest."

In the above-stated case, in Ordered Paragraph 7, the

Commission stated, "that future applications involving

acquisitions and mergers shall be subject to the four conditions

outlined in this order."

Finally, in State v. PSC, 73 S.W.2nd at 400, the Court

states:

"The respondents found that the public would not be
affected by the transfer of the stock. The owners of
this stock should have some-thing to say as to whether
they can sell it or not. To deny them that right would
be to deny them an incident important to ownership of
property. City of Ottawa v. Public Service Commission,
130 Kan. 867, 288, p. 556. A property owner should be
allowed to sell his property unless it would be
detrimental to the public."

The Commission therefore finds that the stipulation and

agreement and transaction to which it applies should not be

denied unless good reason exists to do so. The Commission

further finds that substantial and competent evidence exists, on

10<PAGE>

the record, to support the Commission's finding that the proposed

stipulation and agreement, and purchase proposal is not

detrimental to the public interest.

The Commission finds that the additional standards

prescribed by the UtiliCorp case, supra, which apply to

acquisitions have been satisfied for purposes of this case.

IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED:

1. That the stipulation and agreement filed in this matter

on December 16, 1993, and attached hereto as Attachment

A, is hereby approved.

2. That Southern Union and Western Resources are hereby

authorized to perform the terms and conditions of the

contractual agreement for sale of assets as amended by

the stipulation and agreement approved in #1 above, and

do all things necessary or incidental to the per-

formance of those agreements.

3. That Western Resources is authorized to transfer all

pertinent certificates of convenience and necessity to

Southern Union upon closing of this transaction.

4. That Southern Union is authorized to purchase and

acquire the assets of Western Resources as set out in

the various approved agreements above and to own,

operate, control, manage, and maintain those assets and

to provide natural gas service in the State of Missouri

subject to the regulations and jurisdiction of the

Commission.

11<PAGE>

5. That Southern Union may encumber the assets acquired in

the approved transaction as may be necessary in

accordance with the terms and con-ditions as set out in

any of Southern Union's financing agreements.

6. That Southern Union is authorized to adopt the rates,

rules, regu-lations, and tariffs of Western Resources

currently on file with the Commission at the time of

closing of this transaction.

7. That the joint applicants are ordered to file tariffs

consistent with paragraph #15 of the stipulation and

agreement, attachment a, within ten (10) days of the

date of issuance of this order.

8. That this order shall become effective on January [9:

per ERRATA issued December 29, 1993] 1994.

BY THE COMMISSION

\s\David L. Rauch
David L. Rauch
Executive Secretary

(S E A L)

McClure, Parkins, Kincheloe and
Crumpton, CC., Concur. Mueller,
Chm., Absent.

Dated at Jefferson City, Missouri,
on this 29th day of December, 1993.

12580

12<PAGE>

BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION
OF THE STATE OF MISSOURI

In the matter of the joint application)
of Western Resources, Inc., d/b/a/ Gas)
Service, a Western Resources Company, )
a Kansas corporation, and Southern )
Union Company, d/b/a Missouri Gas )
Energy, a Delaware corporation, for an)
order authorizing the sale, transfer ) Case No. GM-94-40
and assignment of certain assets )
relating to the provision of gas )
service in Missouri from Western )
Resources, Inc. to Southern Union )
Company, and in connection therewith, )
certain other related transactions. )

UNANIMOUS STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT

On August 5, 1993, Western Resources, Inc. d/b/a Gas Service

(Western Resources) and Southern Union Company, d/b/a Missouri

Gas Energy (Southern Union) filed a Joint Application for an

order authorizing among other things the sale, transfer and

assignment of certain assets relating to the provision of gas

service in Missouri from Western Resources to Southern Union. On

October 19, 1993, a First Amended Application was filed by the

applicants. The Joint Application and First Amended Joint

Application are referred to herein collectively as "the

Application".

Direct testimony was filed September 24, 1993 by the

applicants. By order dated October 8, 1993, the Commission

established a procedural schedule and granted applications to

intervene to Williams Natural Gas, Kansas City Power & Light

Company, Mountain Iron and Supply Company, Midwest Gas Users

Association and Armco Inc., Riverside Pipeline Company, L. P.,

and the United States Department of Energy on behalf of Federal<PAGE>

Executive Agencies. The City of St. Joseph, Missouri was granted

participation without intervention. The City of Kansas City,

Missouri filed its Motion for Intervention on December 6, 1993

and was granted participation without intervention on December 7,

1993.

Staff, Public Counsel and other intervenors filed Rebuttal

testimony pursuant to the Commission's order on November 29,

1993.

On December 6, 1993, a prehearing conference commenced during

which time the parties reached the following stipulations and

agreements which are set forth in this Unanimous Stipulation and

Agreement and dispose of all the issues in this case.

1. Southern Union agrees not to seek recovery from

Missouri ratepayers for the expense related to the retirement

contracts of William Johnson and Henry Meyers.

2. Subject to the limitations of paragraph 18, Southern

Union will not implement a general increase in non-gas rates for

three years from the date of closing of the subject transaction.

Subject to the limitations of paragraph 18, no party hereto shall

bring a complaint with regard to non-gas rates, or assist anyone

else in the instigation or processing of a complaint with regard

to non-gas rates, for three years from the date of closing of the

subject transaction. This agreement shall not be interpreted to

preclude any proper party from bringing a complaint with regard

to the terms and conditions upon which service is provided,

2<PAGE>

including promotional practices, (i.e., not related to rates) or

fully participating in any other complaint not related to rates.

3. The amount of any acquisition premium (i.e., the amount

of the purchase price above net book value) paid by Southern

Union to Western Resources for the gas properties of Western

Resources shall be treated below the line for ratemaking purposes

in Missouri and neither amortization nor inclusion of the premium

in rate base shall be sought to be recovered by Southern Union in

rates in any Missouri proceeding.

4. Staff will agree to recommend approval of an Accounting

Authority Order (AAO) for Southern Union for FAS 106 and a

Company Owned Life Insurance Program (COLI) program similar to

that previously granted to Western Resources in Case No. GO-93-

201. Southern Union agrees to a COLI similar to the one

currently employed by Western Resources. No other party to this

agreement shall oppose a request for an AAO for purposes of FAS

106 and the COLI program pursuant to this agreement.

5. Southern Union agrees to continue monthly surveillance

reporting in the same format currently used by Western Resources.

6. Western Resources agrees to transfer (or cause the plan

administrators and trustees of Western Resources' defined benefit

plant to transfer) to Southern Union's defined benefit plan for

Missouri employees, as defined in the Agreement for Purchase of

Assets between Western Resources Inc. and Southern Union Company

dated July 9, 1993 ("the July 9 Agreement), an additional

3<PAGE>

$9,000,000 in pension assets or other funds in excess of the

Projected Benefit Obligation (PBO) as of January 31, 1994.

Southern Union agrees to make certain additional

contributions as specified below to Southern Union's defined

benefit plan for Missouri Gas Energy employees in excess of the

minimum required contribution under Internal Revenue Code Section

412 as determined by the plan's Enrolled Actuary. For 1994 such

additional contributions will be equal to the lesser of: (a)

$3,000,000 or (b) the difference between the maximum deductible

contribution under Internal Revenue Code Section 404 and the

minimum required contribution under Internal Revenue Code Section

412, each as determined for the plan year by the plan's Enrolled

Actuary.

If, as a result of the limitation in (b) above, the

contribution for 1994 is less than $3,000,000, then Southern

Union will agree to make additional contributions in succeeding

years, subject to the limitation in (b) above applicable to such

year. Such subsequent year contributions shall continue to be

made until the sum of the present value of each contribution

equals $3,000,000. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the

present value of each contribution shall be determined using an

interest rate which is equal to the composite net investment

return on the Missouri Gas Energy pension plan assets from the

date of the transfer of such assets to the Missouri Gas Energy

pension plan to the date such contribution is made to the

Missouri Gas Energy pension plan.

4<PAGE>

In the event that Southern Union files for a general

increase in non-gas rates prior to contributing the full

$3,000,000 to the pension fund, Southern Union agrees that

pension expense under FAS 87 or the Employee Retirement Income

Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) minimum will be calculated as if the

full $3,000,000 (plus any related earnings that would have been

realized had the full $3,000,000 been transferred on the date of

closing of the subject transaction) in assets were in the fund

for purposes of determining pension expense for cost of service

in a rate case.

7. Southern Union agrees not to implement a general

increase in non-gas rates until Southern Union has attained a

total debt to total capital ratio which does not exceed Standard

and Poor's Corporation's Utility Financial Benchmark ratio for

the lowest investment grade investor-owned natural gas

distribution company at the time a general rate increase case is

filed. Southern Union agrees to attain this total debt to total

capital ratio within three years of the closing date of the

subject transaction in order to be in compliance with this

Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement.1

1Public Counsel's position on capital structure is that
Missouri ratepayers should not be required to bear the cost of
increased financial risk associated with extremely low equity
levels resulting from this sale. Public Counsel's concern is
that projected post-acquisition equity levels are well below the
range of the optimum capital structure necessary to minimize
costs paid by the ratepayer while also providing for financial
stability for the utility. The agreement to use Standard &
Poor's total debt to total capital investment grade benchmark for
bonds has the practical effect of raising the equity level of
Southern Union. Standard & Poor's bond investment benchmark for

5<PAGE>

The ratio calculations will be performed according to the

definitions found in the Standard and Poor's Corporation's

publication which contains the previously mentioned Utility

Financial Benchmark. Additionally, the definition of "investment

grade" for purposes of this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement

will be that definition as found in the Standard and Poor's

Corporation's publication used to determine the benchmark.

8. Southern Union agrees to use an additional offset to

rate base in any Southern Union filing for a general increase in

non-gas rates in Missouri completed in the next ten years to

compensate for rate base deductions that have been eliminated by

this transaction. The amount of the offset for the first year

debt to total capital currently is less than Southern Union's
proposed level of debt immediately after the sale. Since equity
ratios are inversely related to debt ratios, requiring Southern
Union to decrease its debt ratio will cause the equity ratio to
increase.
The signing of this Stipulation & Agreement does not mean
that Public Counsel agrees that Standard & Poor's current bond
investment benchmark represents the optimum capital structure so
as to provide the ratepayer the lowest possible cost while
meeting other Commission determined standards of a utility's
performance. Neither does Public Counsel agree that some future
unknown Standard & Poor's benchmark or method of calculating that
benchmark would do so. Standard & Poor's publication CORPORATE
FINANCE CRITERIA underscores the limits of its ratings when it
states that "A rating is not a general purpose evaluation of an
issuer" and "The rating performs the isolated function of credit
risk evaluation, which is one element of the entire investment
decision-making process." Standard & Poor's goes on to state
that "S&P questions whether linkage of a company's long-term
financial strategy to a specific rating category makes sense" and
"The more appropriate approach is to operate for the good of the
business as management sees it, and to let the rating follow."
Public Counsel believes that the Missouri Public Service
Commission has the obligation to determine the appropriate
capital structure for a Missouri utility after consideration of
all relevant factors.

6<PAGE>

shall be $30.0 million. The amount shall reduce by $3.0 million

per year on each anniversary date of the closing of the subject

transaction.

9. Southern Union agrees to the following conditions:

a. Southern Union must follow the pipeline safety

regulations as contained in 4 CSR 240-40.020, 240-40.030,

and anti-drug regulations contained in 4 CSR 240-40.080;

b. Southern Union must comply with the meter change-out

intervals and record-retention requirements for historic

meter accuracy, as required by order in Case No. GO-91-353;

c. Southern Union must adhere to the unprotected steel

service and yard line replacement program contained in Case

No. GO-91-239, as modified by waiver in Case No. GO-92-295;

d. Southern Union must adhere to the unprotected steel

main protection/replacement program and the cast iron main

replacement program contained in Case No. GO-91-277;

e. Southern Union must follow the schedule of replacements

in the St. Joseph and Joplin distribution systems, as

described to the Staff and as contained in Case No. GO-94-

130, that permits Gas Service more than five (5) years to

repair Class 3 Leaks in the two noted distribution systems;

f. Southern Union must follow the schedule agreed to

between the Gas Safety Staff and Gas Service personnel

addressing the upgrading of regulator stations that, due to

consideration of the maximum allowable operating pressure,

are identified as having deficient over-pressure protection;

7<PAGE>

g. Southern Union must follow the replacement and leakage

survey schedules, agreed to between the Gas Safety Staff and

Gas Service personnel during revisions to the tariffs for

master-metered mobile home courts; and,

h. Southern Union should follow all other Commission

orders addressing pipeline safety and informal

agreements/commitments between the Commission's Gas Safety

Staff and Gas Service that are not specifically noted in

this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement but which have been

presented by Staff to and discussed with Southern Union or

those contained in correspondence between Staff and Gas

Service.

i. Southern Union must follow the Commission's promotional

practices rules.

j. During any major Commission proceeding involving

Southern Union, Southern Union will make its books and

records, or a true copy thereof, available for audit by

Staff in Southern Union's Kansas City, Missouri offices. 

10. Staff will agree to recommend approval of an AAO for

gas safety purposes for Southern Union similar to that previously

granted to Western Resources in Case No. GO-92-185 for a period

equal to the rate moratorium described in paragraph 2. herein.

No other party to this agreement shall oppose a request for an

AAO for gas safety expenditures pursuant to this agreement.

11. The parties reserve the right to propose adjustments in

any future proceedings for all alleged detrimental aspects

8<PAGE>

relating to the acquisition other than those specifically

addressed in this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement. These

adjustments include, but are not limited to, concerns related to

the Wyoming Tight Sands gas supplies, recovery of environmental

costs by Southern Union, and transfer of FAS 106 liabilities

related to work performed for other states. The foregoing shall

not operate as a limitation upon Southern Union's ability to

contest such proposed adjustments or to pursue any remedy it may

have under the July 9 Agreement, or otherwise.

12. Southern Union reserves the right to propose

adjustments in any future proceedings to recognize any alleged

benefits resulting from the acquisition which is the subject of

this case. The foregoing shall not operate as a limitation upon

any other signatory's ability to contest such proposed

adjustments.

13. Southern Union confirms that it is committed to cost-

based rates for its Missouri service territory. Southern Union

agrees to file a fully-distributed cost of service study

contemporaneously with the filing of tariffs in Southern Union's

first Missouri general non-gas rate increase case, and to base

its proposed rates therein upon such study. This shall not be

construed to require a filing of such a study with any rate

filing made pursuant to paragraph 18 of this Unanimous

Stipulation and Agreement, but Southern Union will provide such a

study within six months of such a filing. 

9<PAGE>

14. Southern Union confirms that pursuant to the July 9

Agreement, Southern Union and Western Resources have agreed that

procedures have been established and approved by the Commission

in Case No. GR-91-286 for the distribution to Western Resources'

customers of certain proceeds resulting from the settlement of

the Wyoming Tight Sands antitrust litigation; that pursuant to

that July 9 Agreement, Western Resources will use its best

efforts to assign or otherwise transfer to Southern Union all

legal rights and authority Western Resources has to fulfill

Western Resource's obligations under such procedures so as to

ensure, to the fullest extent possible, that such proceeds will

continue to be distributed to such customers or customer classes

in the manner and to the extent contemplated by previous order of

the Commission; and that Western Resources has agreed to seek any

regulatory approvals that may be required to complete such

assignment or transfer.

As agreements to be assumed under the July 9 Agreement, the

Wyoming Tight Sands agreements, the grantor trust agreement, and

related agreements (Item 4 on Schedule 6.07(a) of the July 9

Agreement), and subject to the terms and conditions of the July 9

Agreement, Southern Union has agreed to perform and discharge

said agreements. Midwest Gas Users Association and Armco Inc.

confirm that the pricing and other terms of the gas and related

services that are procured pursuant to and in accord with said

agreements and in compliance with the Commission's order in Case

No. GR-91-286, are fair, reasonable and prudent.

10<PAGE>

15. Southern Union expressly assumes those rights and

obligations of Western Resources contained in the current tariffs

of Western Resources filed with and approved by the Commission,

except as such tariffs apply to the properties addressed in Case

No. GM-94-87. If authorized by the Commission, Southern Union

agrees to file for Commission approval a complete set of tariff

sheets applicable to the Missouri properties (excluding Palmyra)

at least ten days prior to the closing date of the subject

transaction. The effective date will be the day after the

closing date. Western Resources agrees to reconfigure its tariff

sheets and file such for Commission approval consistent with the

testimony of Staff witness Craig Jones to apply only to the

Palmyra properties at least ten days prior to the closing date of

the subject transaction unless the Palmyra properties have been

transferred prior to that time. Additionally, Southern Union

expressly assumes those rights and obligations of Western

Resources set out in the Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement

filed September 28, 1993 in Case No. GR-93-240, particularly

those in Paragraph 4.B. thereof.

16. Southern Union agrees that, prior to the filing of a

tariff seeking to recover transition costs under FERC Order 636,

or the recovery of any remaining take or pay costs, it will meet

with Midwest Gas Users' Association and Armco Inc. and discuss

the proposed method and treatment of recovery of any such costs.

17. Southern Union agrees to reduce regulatory income tax

expense by $296,363 in any Southern Union general non-gas rate

11<PAGE>

increase case completed within ten years of the date of closing

of the subject transaction.

18. The provisions above relating to a moratorium on

Southern Union filing a general non-gas rate increase and the

prohibition on the filing of complaints shall not apply if an

unusual event or events which would have a significant impact on

the Missouri gas business of Southern Union occurs, such as (a)

an act of God (b) a significant change in federal or state laws

or (c) a significant change in Missouri regulatory law or

policies.

19. The parties agree that this Unanimous Stipulation and

Agreement is based upon the understanding that the Commission

will issue a final order approving the transaction which is the

subject of this case effective no later than January 9, 1994, to

allow for closing by January 31, 1994.

20. This Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement represents a

negotiated settlement for the sole purpose of disposing of the

issues addressed herein, and none of the signatories to this

Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement shall be prejudiced or bound

in any manner by the terms of the Unanimous Stipulation and

Agreement, and this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement shall be

inadmissible in and shall not be cited or referred to as

precedent in any other proceeding, except as otherwise specified

herein.

21. None of the signatories to this Unanimous Stipulation

and Agreement shall be deemed to have approved or acquiesced in

12<PAGE>

any ratemaking principle or any method of cost determination or

cost allocation underlying or allegedly underlying this Unanimous

Stipulation and Agreement.

22. In the event the Commission accepts the specific terms

of this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement, the signatories

waive, with respect to the issues resolved herein, their

respective rights to cross-examine witnesses, their respective

rights to present oral argument and written briefs pursuant to

Section 536.080.1 RSMo 1986; their respective rights to the

reading of the transcript by the Commission pursuant to Section

536.080.2 RSMo 1986; and their respective rights to judicial

review pursuant to Section 386.510 RSMo 1986.

23. This Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement has resulted

from extensive negotiations among the signatories and the terms

hereof are interdependent. In the event the Commission does not

approve and adopt this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement in

total, or in the event the Commission does not issue a final

order approving the subject transaction, effective no later than

January 9, 1994, in accordance with the provisions contained

herein, this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement shall be void

and no signatory shall be bound by any of the agreements or

provisions hereof.

24. The parties agree that all prefiled testimony,

schedules and exhibits submitted by Western Resources, Southern

Union, Staff, Office of Public Counsel, Midwest Gas Users'

Association, Armco Inc., and Mountain Iron & Supply Company shall

13<PAGE>

be received into evidence without the necessity of their

respective witnesses taking the stand.

25. At the Commission's request, the Staff shall have the

right to submit to the Commission, in confidential memorandum or

oral briefing form, an explanation of its rationale for entering

into this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement, and to provide to

the Commission whatever further explanation the Commission

requests. The Staff's confidential memorandum or briefing shall

not become part of the record of this proceeding and shall not

bind or prejudice the Staff in any further proceeding. In the

event the Commission does not approve this Unanimous Stipulation

and Agreement, the Staff's confidential memorandum or briefing

shall not bind or prejudice the Staff in this proceeding. Any

rationales advanced by the Staff in such a confidential

memorandum or briefing are its own and are not acquiesced in or

otherwise adopted by the other signatories.

26. Because of Southern Union's committment as expressed in

paragraph 9 i., KCPL does not oppose paragraphs 1 through 18 of

this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement. KCPL does support

paragraphs 9 i., and 19 through 26.

WHEREFORE, the parties hereto respectfully request that the

Commission issue its order:

(a) Authorizing Western Resources and Southern Union to

perform in accordance with the terms and conditions of the July 9

Agreement to the extent that it is not in conflict with the terms

and conditions of this Unanimous Stipulation and Agreement;

14<PAGE>

(b) Authorizing Western Resources to sell, transfer and

assign the assets described in the July 9 Agreement to Southern

Union;

(c) Authorizing the transfer of Western Resources'

pertinent certificates of convenience and necessity to Southern

Union or granting a new certificate to Southern Union which is

identical in scope;

(d) Authorizing Southern Union to purchase and acquire the

assets and to undertake the related transactions all as more

particularly described in the July 9 Agreement, upon the terms

and conditions set out therein;

(e) Authorizing Southern Union to own, operate, control,

manage and maintain the assets and to provide gas service to the

public as a gas corporation and public utility subject to the

jurisdiction of the Commission in those areas in which Western

Resources now operates in Missouri which are subject to the

Agreement;

(f) Authorizing Southern Union to encumber the assets to be

acquired from Western Resources in the subject transaction as may

be necessary in accordance with the terms and conditions of any

of Southern Union's financing instruments. Specifically, in this

regard, authorizing Southern Union to encumber, pursuant to terms

and conditions consistent with the Bank's Security Agreement,

Schedule 6 to the First Amended Joint Application, and the Notes'

Security Terms, Schedule 7 to the First Amended Joint

Application, the assets to be acquired from Western Resources in

15<PAGE>

the subject transaction, as well as any assets that may

thereafter be acquired by Southern Union and which are necessary

or useful in the performance of Southern Union's duties to the

public in Missouri;

(g) Authorizing Southern Union to adopt the rates, rules

and regulations and other tariffs of Western Resources as may be

on file with and approved by the Commission on the date of

closing of the subject transaction under the July 9 Agreement,

and to operate under the same as they may be changed from time to

time as provided by law;

(h) Authorizing the transfer from Western Resources to

Southern Union of all security deposits held by Western Resources

on the date of closing of the subject transaction which are

applicable to accounts for customers located in the affected

service areas;

(i) Authorizing Southern Union to keep and maintain certain

books and records for Southern Union's Missouri operations at

Southern Union's principal office in Austin, Texas on and after

the closing of the subject transaction;

(j) Authorizing Western Resources and Southern Union to

enter into, execute and perform in accordance with the terms of,

all other documents which may be reasonably necessary and

incidental to the performance of the transactions which are the

subject of the July 9 Agreement and joint application; and

(k) Authorizing Western Resources, effective upon the

closing of the involved transactions, to terminate its

16<PAGE>

responsibilities as a gas corporation and a public utility in

Missouri with respect to the assets and areas covered by the July

9 Agreement.

(l) Authorizing Western Resources and Southern Union to

file tariffs consistent with paragraph 15 of the Unanimous

Stipulation and Agreement in this case.

17<PAGE>

Respectfully submitted, ___________________________
Richard S. Brownlee III
P.O. Box 1069
235 East High Street
__________________________ Jefferson City, Missouri 65102
Penny G. Baker
Deputy General Counsel Attorney for
David Woodsmall Williams Natural Gas Company
Eugene Mitchell, Jr.
P.O. Box 360
Jefferson City, MO 65102

Attorneys for the Staff of the ___________________________
Missouri Public Service Dennis K. Morgan
Commission Vice President - Legal and
Secretary
Southern Union Company
504 Lavaca, Suite 900
___________________________ Austin, Texas 78701
Lewis R. Mills, Jr.
Deputy Public Counsel James C. Swearengen
Douglas E. Micheel Gary W. Duffy
P.O. Box 7800 312 East Capitol Avenue
Jefferson City, MO 65102 P.O. Box 456
Jefferson City, Missouri 65102
Attorney for Office of the
Public Counsel Attorneys for Southern Union
Company

___________________________
J. Michael Peters ___________________________
Western Resources, Inc. James P. Zakoura
818 Kansas Avenue 650 Commerce Plaza
P.O. Box 889 7300 West 100th St.
Topeka, Kansas 66612 Overland Park, Kansas 66210

Attorney for Western Resources Attorney for Riverside
Pipeline Company, L.P.

___________________________
Stuart W. Conrad ___________________________
2345 Grand Avenue Mark G. English
2600 Mutual Benefit Life 1201 Walnut
Kansas City, Missouri 64108 P.O. Box 418679
Kansas City, Missouri 64141
Attorney for 
Midwest Gas Users' Association Attorney for Kansas City Power
and Armco, Inc. & Light Company

18<PAGE>

____________________________
Patrick A. Baumhoer
P.O. Box 1280
Jefferson City, MO 65102

Attorney for Mountain Iron &
Supply Company

___________________________
Paul W. Phillips
U.S. Department of Energy
1000 Independence Ave., S.W.
Rm. 6D-033
Washington, D.C. 20585

Attorney for U.S. Department
of Energy

12572

19<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1 PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
For More Information:
Sarah Russ
Southern Union Company
512-370-8240

Tom Sloan
Director
Corporate Communications
Western Resources, Inc.
913-575-6436

MISSOURI PSC APPROVES SOUTHERN UNION COMPANY'S
PURCHASE OF GAS PROPERTIES FROM WESTERN RESOURCES, INC.

____________________

SOUTHERN UNION COMPANY COMPLETES RIGHTS OFFERING

AUSTIN, TX (December 30, 1993) - Southern Union Company

(AMEX: SUG) and Western Resources, Inc. (NYSE:WR) announced that

on Wednesday, December 29, the Missouri Public Service Commission

(MPSC) issued all MPSC approvals necessary for Southern Union to

purchase the western Missouri natural gas distribution operations

of Western Resources. The acquisition will almost double the

size of Southern Union, with the addition of 462,000 customers in

service areas including Kansas City, Joplin and St. Joseph. The

acquisition is expected to close on January 31, 1994. 

The MPSC's order is effective January 9, 1994. Its approval

of the acquisition is subject to the terms of a stipulation and

settlement agreement among Southern Union, Western Resources, the

MPSC Staff and all intervenors in this MPSC proceeding, including

the Missouri Office of Public Counsel. The stipulations to the

acquisition include:

1) Southern Union must, within three years of the

closing of the sale, attain a total debt to total

--MORE--
<PAGE>

-2-

capital ratio that does not exceed Standard and

Poor's Corporation's Utility Financial Benchmark

ratio for the lowest investment grade investor-

owned natural gas distribution company (at this

time, such ratio would be approximately 58%) or it

will not be able to implement any general rate

increase;

2) Southern Union cannot implement a general rate

increase in Missouri for at least three years

after the closing of the sale except in certain

unusual events;

3) Western Resources must transfer an additional $9

million to the Missouri employees' pension funds

to be transferred to Southern Union;

4) Southern Union must, beginning in 1994, contribute

an additional $3 million to the Missouri

employees' pension funds;

5) The MPSC Staff will recommend that the MPSC issue

new accounting orders with respect to the Missouri

business that would essentially continue certain

MPSC accounting orders now in effect with respect

to Western Resources;

--MORE--
<PAGE>

-3-

6) Southern Union will establish a corporate-owned

life insurance program to offset retiree medical

costs reflected pursuant to FASB 106; and

7) Southern Union will continue all Western Resources

natural gas safety programs.

Southern Union stated that it intends to fund the

acquisition with the proceeds from its subscription rights

offering for common stock that expired December 23, 1993, and its

previously announced underwritten offering of debt securities.

The rights offering for 2 million shares at $25 per share was

oversubscribed and is expected to be closed out on December 31,

1993. The debt offering, to be managed by Merrill Lynch & Co.

and Smith Barney Shearson, Inc., is scheduled to occur in January

1994.

Southern Union and Western Resources entered into an

agreement with respect to the acquisition on July 9, 1993, which

includes as conditions to closing the receipt of certain other

consents and approvals.

Southern Union presently provides natural gas service to

approximately 475,000 customers in Texas and Oklahoma.

Western Resources, through its operating companies KPL,

KG&E, and Gas Service, provides natural gas service to

approximately 1,083,000 customers in Kansas, western Missouri and

northern Oklahoma, and electric service to 578,000 customers in

eastern and central Kansas. Western Resources is headquartered

in Topeka, Kansas.

--END--

12538.2
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>