<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000030875-94-000008.txt : 19941021
<IMS-HEADER>0000030875-94-000008.hdr.sgml : 19941021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000030875-94-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941007
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941020
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			E SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000030875
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3812
		IRS NUMBER:				751183105
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05237
		FILM NUMBER:		94554261

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6250 LBJ FREEWAY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75266-0248
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2146611000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 660248
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75266

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LTV ELECTROSYSTEMS INC GREENVILLE EMPLOY
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LTV ELECTROSYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720516
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>ADOPTION OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) September 28, 1994

E-SYSTEMS, INC.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-5237 75-1183105
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction of (Commission (IRS Employer
incorporation or organization) File No.) Identification No)

P.O. Box 660248, Dallas, Texas 75266-0248
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code 214-661-1000

- --------------------------------------------------------------------
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

<PAGE>

Item 5. Other Events

On September 28, 1994, the Board of Directors of E-Systems, 
Inc. (the "Company") adopted a stockholder rights plan which 
contemplates the issuance of preferred stock purchase rights to the 
Company's common stockholders of record as of October 17, 1994, as set 
forth in the Rights Agreement between the Company and Society National 
Bank, as Rights Agent, incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 4.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibits:

4. Rights Agreement, dated as of October 7, 1994, between
E-Systems, Inc. and Society National Bank, as Rights Agent, 
which includes as Exhibit B thereto the Form of Rights 
Certificate, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 
to E-Systems, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form 8-A, 
dated October 12, 1994.

20.1 Press Release of the Company dated October 7, 1994.

20.2 Form of Letter to the Company's shareholders describing
the Rights, dated October 20, 1994.

<PAGE>
SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its 
behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

E-SYSTEMS, INC.

James W. Crowley
Title: Vice President,
Secretary and General Counsel

Date: October 20, 1994
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-20.(I)
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED OCTOBER 7, 1994
<TEXT>
E-SYSTEMS, INC. ADOPTS STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

DALLAS, TX (Oct. 7) -- E-Systems, Inc. announced today its 
Board of Directors has adopted a Stockholder Rights Plan designed 
to deter coercive takeover tactics including the accumulation of 
common shares in the open market, or through private 
transactions, and to prevent an acquiror from gaining control of 
the Company without offering a fair price to all of the Company's 
stockholders.
Under the Plan, rights will be distributed as a dividend at 
the rate of one right for each share of E-Systems common stock, 
held by stockholders of record at the close of business on 
October 17, 1994. The Rights will expire on October 17, 2004.
Each right will initially entitle stockholders to buy one 
share of preferred stock for $130. The Rights will be 
exercisable only if a person or group: 1.) acquires beneficial 
ownership of 15 percent or more of the Company's common stock; or 
2.) commences a tender or exchange offer which would result in 
beneficial ownership of 15 percent or more of the Company's 
common stock.
If any person becomes the beneficial owner of 15 percent or 
more of the Company's common stock (other than pursuant to a 
tender or exchange offer for all outstanding shares of the 
Company approved by a majority of the independent directors who 
are not affiliated with a 15 percent-or-more stockholder), then 
each Right not owned by a 15 percent-or-more stockholder, or 
related parties, will entitle its holder to purchase, at the 
Right's then current exercise price, shares of the Company's 
common stock (or, in certain circumstances as determined by the 
Board, cash, other property or other securities) having a value 
of twice the Right's then current exercise price.
In addition, if after any person has become a 15 percent-or-
more stockholder, E-Systems is involved in a merger or other 
business combination transaction with another person in which the 
Company does not survive or which its common stock is changed or 
exchanged, or sells 50 percent or more of its assets or earning 
power to another person--each Right will entitle its holder to 
purchase, at the Right's then current exercise price, shares of 
common stock of such other person having a value of twice the 
Right's then current exercise price.
The Company will generally be entitled to redeem the Rights 
at $0.01 per Right at any time until 10 days (subject to 
extension) following a public announcement that a 15 percent 
position has been acquired.
Details of the Stockholder Rights Plan are outlined in a 
letter which will be mailed to all stockholders.
E-Systems is a worldwide developer and producer of 
electronic systems and products in the areas of intelligence, 
reconnaissance and surveillance systems, command and control, 
specialized aircraft maintenance and modification, guidance, 
navigation and control, communications and data systems.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-20.(II)
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
<TEXT>
A. Lowell Lawson
Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer

October 20, 1994

Dear E-Systems, Inc. Stockholder:

The Board of Directors has announced the adoption of a 
Stockholder Rights Plan. This letter describes the Plan and explains 
our reasons for adopting it. Also, we are enclosing a document 
entitled "Detailed Summary of Rights to Purchase Series A Junior 
Participating Preferred Stock" which provides more detailed 
information about the Rights Plan, and we urge you to read it 
carefully.

The Plan is intended to protect your interests in the event E-
Systems, Inc. is confronted with coercive or unfair takeover tactics. 
The Plan contains provisions to safeguard you in the event of an 
unsolicited offer to acquire the Company, whether through a gradual 
accumulation of shares in the open market, a partial or two-tiered 
tender offer that does not treat all stockholders equally, the 
acquisition in the open market or otherwise of shares constituting 
control without offering fair value to all stockholders, or other 
abusive takeover tactics which the Board believes are not in the best 
interests of the Company's stockholders. These tactics unfairly 
pressure stockholders, squeeze them out of their investment without 
giving them any real choice, and deprive them of the full value of 
their shares.

A large number of other companies have Rights Plan similar to 
the one we have adopted. We consider the Rights Plan to be the best 
available means of protecting your right to retain your equity 
investment in E-Systems, Inc. and the full value of that investment, 
while not foreclosing a fair acquisition bid for the Company.

The Plan is not intended to prevent a takeover of the Company 
and will not do so. The mere declaration of the rights dividend 
should not affect any prospective offeror willing to make an all cash 
offer at a full and fair price or to negotiate with the Board of 
Directors and certainly will not interfere with a merger or other 
business combination transaction approved by your Board of Directors.

Prior to adopting the Rights Plan, the Board of Directors was 
concerned that a person or company could acquire control of the 
Company without paying a fair premium for control and without 
offering a fair price to all stockholders, and that, if a competitor 
acquired control of the Company, the competitor would have a conflict 
of interest with respect to the Company and could use any acquired 
influence over or control of the Company to the detriment of the 
other stockholders of the Company. The Board believes that such 
results would not be in the best interests of all stockholders.

The Rights may be redeemed by the Company (under certain 
circumstances, with the concurrence of a majority of the Continuing 
Directors, as defined in the Rights Agreement) at $0.01 per Right up 
to 10 days (subject to extension) after the time any person or group 
has acquired 15% or more of the Company's shares, and thus they 
should not interfere with any merger or other business combination 
approved by the current Board of Directors (in certain circumstances, 
with the concurrence of the Continuing Directors).

Issuance of the Rights does not in any way weaken the financial 
strength of the Company or interfere with its business plan. The 
issuance of the Right has no dilutive effect, will not affect 
reported earnings per share, is not taxable to the Company or to you, 
and will not change the way in which you can currently trade the 
Company's shares. As explained in detail below, the Rights will only 
be exercisable if and when an event occurs which triggers their 
effectiveness. They will then operate to protect you against being 
deprived of your right to share in the full measure of the Company's 
long-term potential.

The Board was aware when it acted that some people have advanced 
arguments that securities of the type we are issuing deter legitimate 
acquisition proposals. We carefully considered these views and 
concluded that the arguments are speculative and do not justify 
leaving stockholders without this protection against unfair treatment 
by an acquiror -- who, after all, is seeking his own company's 
advantage, not yours. The Board believes that the Rights represent a 
sound and reasonable means of addressing the complex issues of 
corporate policy created by the current takeover environment.

The Rights will be issued to stockholders of record on October 
17, 1994 and will expire in ten years. Initially, the Rights will 
not be exercisable, certificates will not be sent to you, and the 
Rights will automatically trade with the Common Stock. However, ten 
days after a person or group acquires 15% or more of the Company's 
Common Stock or commences a tender or exchange offer that would 
result in such person or group owning 15% or more of the outstanding 
shares (even if no purchases actually occur), the Rights will become 
exercisable and separate certificates representing the Rights will be 
distributed. We expect that the Rights will begin to trade 
independently from the Common Stock at that time. At no time will 
the Rights have any voting power.

When the Rights first become exercisable, each Right will 
entitle the holder thereof to buy from the Company one unit of a 
share of preferred stock for $130. If any person acquires 15% or 
more of the Company's Common Stock, other than pursuant to a tender 
exchange offer for all outstanding shares of the Company approved by 
a majority of the independent directors not affiliated with a 15%-or-
more stockholder, after receiving advice from one or more investment 
banking firms, each Right not owned by a 15%-or-more stockholder 
would become exercisable for the number of shares of Common Stock of 
the Company having at that time a value of two times the then current 
exercise price of the Right. If the Company is involved in a merger 
or other business combination, or sells 50% or more of its assets or 
earning power to another person, at any time after the Rights become 
exercisable, the Rights will entitle the holder thereof to buy a 
number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company having a 
value of twice the then current exercise price of each Right.

While, as noted above, the distribution of the Rights will not 
be taxable to you or the Company, stockholders may, depending upon 
the circumstances, recognize taxable income when the Rights become 
exercisable.

Continuing our growth and maximizing long-term shareholder value 
are the major goals of E-Systems, Inc.'s management and Board of 
Directors.

Sincerely,

A. Lowell Lawson
Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>