<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000018675-94-000039.txt : 19941026
<IMS-HEADER>0000018675-94-000039.hdr.sgml : 19941026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000018675-94-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941014
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941020
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CENTRAL MAINE POWER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000018675
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	4911
		IRS NUMBER:				010042740
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			ME
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05139
		FILM NUMBER:		94554254

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		83 EDISON DR
		CITY:			AUGUSTA
		STATE:			ME
		ZIP:			04336
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2076233521
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (date of earliest event reported) October 17,
1994

Central Maine Power Company

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maine 1-5139 01-0042740

(State of Incorporation) (Commission (IRS Employer
File Number) Identification No.)

83 Edison Drive, Augusta, Maine 04336

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (zip code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (207) 623-
3521<PAGE>

Item 5. Other Events.

On September 28, 1994, the Board of Directors of
Central Maine Power Company (the "Company") declared a dividend
of one common share purchase right (a "Right") for each
outstanding share of the common stock, par value $5.00 per share,
of the Company (the "Common Shares"). The dividend is payable to
the shareholders of record as of the close of business on October
17, 1994 (the "Record Date"). Each Right entitles the registered
holder to purchase from the Company at any time following the
Distribution Date (as defined below) one Common Share at an
initial purchase price of $40 per Common Share, subject to
adjustment (the "Purchase Price"). The description and terms of
the Rights are set forth in the Rights Agreement (the "Rights
Agreement") dated as of September 30, 1994 between the Company
and Chemical Bank, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").

Initially, the Rights will be evidenced, with respect
to any of the Common Share certificates outstanding as of the
Record Date, by such Common Share certificates. The Rights will
separate from the Common Shares upon the Distribution Date, which
shall be the earlier to occur of (i) the close of business on the
tenth day following a public announcement that a person or group
of affiliated or associated persons (collectively, a "Person")
have acquired beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares (such Person being hereinafter referred
to as an "Acquiring Person") or (ii) the close of business on the
tenth day (or such later date as may be determined by action of
the Board of Directors prior to such time as any Person becomes
an Acquiring Person) following the commencement of, or the first
public announcement of an intention of any Person to commence, a
tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would
result in such Person becoming an Acquiring Person, provided that
such Person is not the Company or any subsidiary of the Company,
any employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to
the terms of such plan. 

Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will be
evidenced by the certificates for Common Shares and will be
transferred with and only with such Common Share certificates,
(ii) new certificates for Common Shares issued after the Record
Date will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement
by reference, and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any such
certificates for Common Shares outstanding on the Record Date,
with or without a copy of this Summary of Rights being attached
thereto, will also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with the Common Shares represented thereby. As soon
as practical following the Distribution Date, separate
certificates evidencing the Rights ("Right Certificates") will be
mailed to holders of record of the Common Shares as of the close
of business on the Distribution Date and such separate Right
Certificates alone will evidence the Rights. Subject to certain
exceptions, only Common Shares issued prior to the Distribution
Date will be issued with Rights.<PAGE>

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution
Date and will expire on the earlier of (i) the close of business
on October 31, 2004, (ii) the time at which the Rights are
redeemed by the Company or (iii) if a Person has become an
Acquiring Person, the time at which the Rights (other than Rights
which are void as described below) are exchanged for Common
Shares at an exchange ratio of one Common Share per Right, as
adjusted by the Company (provided, however, that such exchange
may not take effect at any time after any Person becomes a
beneficial owner of 50% or more of the Common Shares then
outstanding). 

The Purchase Price payable and the number of Common
Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights are subject to
adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution in the event of
(i) a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or
reclassification of, the Common Shares, (ii) the issuance of
rights, options or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Common
Shares at a price, or securities convertible into Common Shares
at a conversion price, less than the then current market price of
the Common Shares or (iii) a distribution to all holders of the
Common Shares of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding
regular quarterly cash dividends or dividends payable in Common
Shares) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those
referred to above).

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase
Price will be required unless such adjustment would require an
increase or decrease of at least 1% in the Purchase Price. No
fractional Rights will be issued and, in lieu thereof, holders of
the Rights with regard to which such fractional Rights would
otherwise be issuable will be paid an amount in cash equal to the
same fraction of the current market value of a whole Right.

In the event, directly or indirectly, (i) the Company
consolidates with, or merges with and into, any other person,
(ii) any person consolidates with the Company, or merges with and
into the Company and the Company is the continuing or surviving
corporation of such merger and, in connection therewith, all or
part of the Common Shares is changed into or exchanged for stock
or other securities of any person (including the Company) or cash
or any other property, or (iii) the Company sells or otherwise
transfers in one or more transactions, assets or earning power
aggregating 50% or more of the assets or earning power of the
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person
other than the Company or a wholly-owned subsidiary, proper
provision will be made so that each holder of a Right, except
Rights which previously have been voided as indicated below, will
thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof
at the then current Purchase Price of the Right, that number of
shares of common stock of the other person which at the time of
such transaction will have a market value equal to two times the
Purchase Price of the Right. 

-2-<PAGE>

In the event that any Person becomes an Acquiring
Person, except pursuant to an 80% Offer (as defined below),
proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right,
other than Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person or
its affiliates or associates (which will thereafter be void),
will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, that
number of Common Shares having a market value equal to two times
the exercise price of the Right. An "80% Offer" is a tender
offer whereby the Person (a) offers to acquire all the
outstanding Voting Stock of the Company held by any person other
than such Person or its affiliates for cash, (b) has received
written commitments for the full amount of the financing
necessary to consummate such tender offer from nationally
recognized lending institutions, and (c) will beneficially own
80% or more of the Voting Stock of the Company then outstanding
after consummation of such tender offer; provided that (i) the
80% Offer remains outstanding for a period of at least 45
business days, (ii) if the 80% Offer is amended to increase the
cash per share consideration paid to the Company's shareholders,
the 80% Offer will remain open for a period of at least 20
business days after it is amended (provided that in no event will
the 80% Offer have been outstanding for less than 45 business
days), (iii) if any Person announces or commences a tender offer
or exchange offer for the Common Shares or Voting Stock of the
Company where the per share consideration is higher than the
consideration being offered in the 80% Offer (a "Competing
Offer"), the 80% Offer must remain open for at least 20 business
days after the Competing Offer is announced or commenced
(provided that in no event will the 80% Offer be open for less
than 45 business days), (iv) the Person making the 80% Offer
commits in writing prior to commencement of the 80% Offer to
effect an all cash transaction following consummation of the 80%
Offer pursuant to which the remaining shareholders receive the
same cash per share price paid to acquire Common Shares in the
80% Offer, and (v) the Person making the 80% Offer commits in
writing prior to the commencement of the 80% Offer not to renew,
extend or change the terms of its original tender offer (other
than amendments in accordance with (ii) or (iii) above or to
increase the cash per share price paid to shareholders in such
original tender offer) or to make a new tender offer for one year
after commencement of its original tender offer if its original
tender offer is not consummated and there is not commenced within
such one year period a competing all cash tender offer for all
Voting Stock of the Company in which the per share price is
higher than the per share price offered in such original tender
offer. 

Except in connection with an 80% Offer, any Rights
acquired or beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person or its
affiliates or associates will be void, and any holder of such
Rights will thereafter have no right to exercise such Rights
under any provision of the Rights Agreement.

-3-<PAGE>

At any time prior to a Person becoming an Acquiring
Person, the Board of Directors of the Company may redeem the then
outstanding Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $.01
per Right, subject to adjustment (the "Redemption Price"). The
redemption of the rights may be made effective at such time, on
such basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors in
its sole discretion may establish. Immediately upon any
redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will
terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to
receive the Redemption Price. 

The terms of the Rights may be amended by the Board of
Directors of the Company without the consent of the holders of
the Rights, including, prior to the Distribution Date, an
amendment to lower the threshold for an Acquiring Person from 20%
to not less than the greater of (i) any percentage greater than
the largest percentage of the outstanding Common Shares then
known by the Company to be beneficially owned by any Person and
(ii) 10%. After the Distribution Date, no such amendment may
adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Rights.

Issuance of the Common Shares upon exercise of the
Rights is subject to any necessary regulatory approvals. Until a
Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no
rights as a shareholder of the Company, including, without
limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends.

Item 7. Exhibits.

1. Rights Agreement, dated as of September 30, 1994, between
Central Maine Power Company and Chemical Bank.

-4-<PAGE>

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

CENTRAL MAINE POWER COMPANY

Dated: October 20, 1994 By _________________________
Douglas Stevenson
Treasurer

-5-<PAGE>

INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
Number Exhibit

1. Rights Agreement, dated as of
September 30, 1994, between Central
Maine Power Company and Chemical
Bank.

-6-<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>
CONFORMED COPY

_________________________________________________________________
_

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

Dated as of September 30, 1994

by and between

CENTRAL MAINE POWER COMPANY

and

CHEMICAL BANK

_________________________________________________________________
_

B 14700 00832 B14964.3
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page
Section 1. Certain Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . 1 

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent . . . . . . . 7 

Section 3. Issue of Right Certificates . . . . . . . 8 

Section 4. Form of Right Certificates . . . . . . . 11 

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration . . . . 12 

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and
Exchange of Right Certificates;
Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or
Stolen Right Certificates . . . . . . . 13 

Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price;
Expiration Date of Rights . . . . . . . 15 

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of
Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . 17 

Section 9. Reservation and Availability of
Common Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17 

Section 10. Common Shares Record Date . . . . . . . . 19 

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of
Shares or Number of Rights . . . . . . 20 

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price
or Number of Shares . . . . . . . . . . 36 

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer
of Assets or Earning Power . . . . . . 36 

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares . 38 

Section 15. Rights of Action . . . . . . . . . . . . 40 

Section 16. Agreement of Right Holders . . . . . . . 41 

Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a
Shareholder . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42 

Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent . . . . . . . 42 

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -i-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Page

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of
Name of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . 44 

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . 45 

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . 48 

Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates . . . 50 

Section 23. Redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51 

Section 24. Exchange . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53 

Section 25. Notice of Certain Events . . . . . . . . 55 

Section 26. Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57 

Section 27. Supplements and Amendments . . . . . . . 58 

Section 28. Successors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59 

Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement . . . . . . . 59 

Section 30. Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59 

Section 31. Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 

Section 32. Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 

Section 33. Descriptive Headings . . . . . . . . . . 61 

Signatures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61 

Exhibit A - Form of Right Certificate

Exhibit B - Summary of Rights to Purchase Common Shares

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -ii-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

Rights Agreement, dated as of September 30, 1994 ("this

Agreement"), between Central Maine Power Company, a Maine

corporation (the "Company"), and Chemical Bank, a New York

corporation (the "Rights Agent").

The Board of Directors of the Company, upon and subject

to the terms and conditions hereof, has authorized and declared

(a) a dividend of one common share purchase right (a "Right") for

each Common Share (as hereinafter defined) of the Company

outstanding on October 17, 1994 (the "Record Date"), each Right

representing the right to purchase one Common Share, and (b) the

issuance of one Right with respect to each Common Share that

shall become outstanding between the Record Date and the earliest

of the Distribution Date, the Redemption Date and the Final

Expiration Date (as such terms are hereinafter defined).

Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the

mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as

follows:

Section 1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this

Agreement and the Right Certificates, the following terms have

the meanings indicated:

(a) "Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person (as such

term is hereinafter defined) who or which, together with all

B 14700 00832 B14964.3
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Affiliates and Associates (as such terms are hereinafter

defined) of such Person, shall be the Beneficial Owner (as

such term is hereinafter defined) of 20% or more of the

Common Shares then outstanding of the Company, but shall not

include the Company, any Subsidiary (as such term is

hereinafter defined) of the Company, any Employee Benefit

Plan (as such term is hereinafter defined) or any Person

holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any

such Employee Benefit Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing,

no Person shall become an "Acquiring Person" as the result

of an acquisition of Common Shares by the Company which, by

reducing the number of shares outstanding, increases the

percentage of shares beneficially owned by such Person to

20% or more of the Common Shares of the Company then

outstanding; provided, however, that if a Person becomes the

Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the Common Shares of the

Company then outstanding by reason of share purchases by the

Company and shall, after such share purchases by the

Company, become the Beneficial Owner of any additional

Common Shares of the Company (other than as part of a pro

rata distribution of Common Shares of the Company to all

holders of such Common Shares), then such Person shall be

deemed to be an "Acquiring Person".

(b) "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respec-

tive meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the

General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -2-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as in effect

on the date of the original execution and delivery of this

Agreement.

(c) A Person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner"

of, and shall be deemed to "beneficially own," any

securities:

(i) which such Person or any of such Person's

Affiliates or Associates beneficially owns, directly or

indirectly;

(ii) which such Person or any of such Person's

Affiliates or Associates has, directly or indirectly,

(A) the right to acquire (whether such right is

exercisable immediately or only after the passage of

time or the fulfillment of some other condition)

pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding

(other than customary agreements with and between

underwriters and selling group members with respect to

a bona fide public offering of securities), or upon the

exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights

(other than these Rights), warrants or options, or

otherwise; provided, however, that a Person shall not

be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially

own, securities tendered pursuant to a tender or

exchange offer made by or on behalf of such Person or

any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates until

such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -3-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

exchange; or (B) the right to vote pursuant to any

agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided,

however, that a Person shall not be deemed the

Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, a security

if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote

such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy

or consent given to such Person in response to a public

proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in

accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations

of the Securities and Exchange Commission and (2) is

not also then reportable on Schedule 13D or Schedule

13G under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or

successor report); or

(iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or

indirectly, by any other Person with which such Person

or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates has

any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than

customary agreements with and between underwriters and

selling group members with respect to a bona fide

public offering of securities) for the purpose of

acquiring, holding, voting (except to the extent

contemplated by the proviso to Section 1(c)(ii)(B)

hereof) or disposing of any securities of the Company.

Notwithstanding anything in this definition of

Beneficial Ownership to the contrary, the phrase "then

outstanding," when used with reference to a Person's

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -4-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Company,

shall mean the number of such securities then issued

and outstanding together with the number of such

securities not then actually issued and outstanding

which such Person would be deemed to own beneficially

hereunder.

(d) "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a

Saturday, a Sunday, or a day on which banking institutions

in the State of Maine and/or the State of New York are

authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be

closed.

(e) "Close of Business" on any given date shall mean

5:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on such date; provided, however,

that if such date is not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00

P.M., Eastern Time, on the next succeeding Business Day.

(f) "Common Shares" when used with reference to the

Company shall mean the shares of common stock of the Company

(which, as of the date of the original execution and

delivery of this Agreement, have a par value of $5.00 per

share). "Common Shares" when used with reference to any

Person other than the Company shall mean the capital stock

(or equity interest) with the greatest voting power of such

other Person or, if such other Person is a Subsidiary of

another Person, the Person or Persons which ultimately

control such first-mentioned Person.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -5-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

(g) The term "current per share market price" shall

have the meaning set forth in Section 11(d) hereof.

(h) "Distribution Date" shall have the meaning set

forth in Section 3 hereof.

(i) "Employee Benefit Plan" shall mean any employee

benefit, executive compensation or other similar plan for

the benefit of employees of the Company or any Subsidiary of

the Company.

(j) "Final Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set

forth in Section 7 hereof.

(k) The terms "herein", "hereof" and like terms shall

refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular

subsection or other subdivision.

(l) "Person" shall mean any individual, firm, corpora-

tion, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock

company, trust, unincorporated organization, other entity or

government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

(m) "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth

in Section 4(a) hereof.

(n) "Right Certificate" shall have the meaning set

forth in Section 3 hereof.

(o) "Redemption Date" shall have the meaning set forth

in Section 7 hereof.

(p) "Shares Acquisition Date" shall mean the first

date of public announcement by the Company or an Acquiring

Person that an Acquiring Person has become such.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -6-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

(q) "Subsidiary" of any Person shall mean any corpora-

tion or other entity of which a majority of the voting power

of the voting equity securities or equity interest of such

corporation or other entity is owned, directly or

indirectly, by such Person.

(r) "Voting Stock" shall mean (i) the Common Shares

and (ii) any other shares of capital stock of the Company

entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or

entitled to vote together with the Common Shares as a single

class in respect of any merger, consolidation, sale of all

or substantially all of the Company's assets, liquidation,

dissolution or winding up. Whenever any provision of this

Agreement requires a determination of whether a number of

shares of Voting Stock comprising a specified percentage of

such Voting Stock has been voted, tendered, acquired, sold

or otherwise disposed of, or a determination of whether a

Person has offered or proposed to acquire a number of shares

of Voting Stock comprising such specified percentage, the

number of shares of Voting Stock comprising such specified

percentage of Voting Stock shall in every such case be

deemed to be the number of shares of Voting Stock comprising

the specified percentage of the Company's entire voting

power then entitled to vote generally in the election of

directors or then entitled to vote together with the Common

Shares as a single class in respect of any merger,

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -7-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the

Company's assets, liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company

hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -8-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, and the

Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The Company may at

any time and from time to time appoint such co-Rights Agents as

it may deem necessary or desirable.

Section 3. Issue of Right Certificates. (a) Until

the date (the "Distribution Date") that is the earlier of (i) the

Close of Business on the tenth day after the Shares Acquisition

Date or (ii) the Close of Business on the tenth day (or such

later date as may be determined by action of the Board of

Directors prior to such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring

Person) after the date of the commencement of, or of the first

public announcement of the intention of any Person (other than

the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any Employee Benefit

Plan or any Person holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the

terms of any such Employee Benefit Plan) to commence, a tender or

exchange offer the consummation of which would result in any

Person becoming an Acquiring Person (which Distribution Date may

be a date on or after the date of the original execution and

delivery of this Agreement and prior to the issuance of the

Rights), (x) the Rights will be evidenced by the certificates for

Common Shares registered in the names of the holders thereof

(which certificates shall also be deemed to be Right

Certificates, unless the context otherwise requires) and not by

separate Right Certificates, and (y) the right to receive Right

Certificates will be transferable only in connection with the 

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -9-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

transfer of Common Shares. As soon as practicable after the

Distribution Date, the Company will prepare and execute, the

Rights Agent will countersign, and the Company will send or cause

to be sent (or the Rights Agent will, if requested by the

Company, send) by first-class, insured, postage-prepaid mail, to

each record holder of Common Shares as of the Close of Business

on the Distribution Date, at the address of such holder shown on

the records of the Company, a Right Certificate (a "Right

Certificate"), in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto,

evidencing one Right for each Common Share so held, subject to

adjustment as provided for in Section 11 hereof. As of the

Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced solely by such

Right Certificates; provided, however, that the failure by the

Company to distribute such Right Certificates to a Person when

otherwise required hereunder shall not affect the right of such

Person to receive such Right Certificates and to exercise the

rights hereunder of a record owner of such Right Certificates as

if such Person had received such Right Certificates.

(b) On the Record Date, or as soon as practicable

thereafter, the Company will send a copy of a Summary of Rights

to Purchase Common Shares, in substantially the form of Exhibit B

hereto (the "Summary of Rights"), by first-class, postage-prepaid

mail, to each record holder of Common Shares as of the Close of

Business on the Record Date, at the address of such holder shown

on the records of the Company, in order for the Summary of Rights

to be attached to the certificate representing such holder's

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -10-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Common Shares. Until the earliest of the Distribution Date, the

Redemption Date or the Final Expiration Date, the registration or

transfer of any certificate for Common Shares outstanding on the

Record Date, with or without a copy of the Summary of Rights

attached thereto, shall also constitute the transfer of the

Rights associated with the Common Shares represented thereby.

(c) Certificates for Common Shares (including, without

limitation, Common Shares previously purchased or acquired by the

Company, as referred to in the last sentence of this paragraph

(c)) which become outstanding after the Record Date but prior to

the earliest of the Distribution Date, the Redemption Date or the

Final Expiration Date shall have impressed, printed or written on

or otherwise affixed to them the following legend:

This certificate also evidences and entitles
the holder hereof to certain rights as set
forth in a Rights Agreement by and between
Central Maine Power Company and Chemical
Bank, dated as of September 30, 1994 (the
"Rights Agreement"), the terms of which are
hereby incorporated herein by reference and a
copy of which is on file at the principal
executive offices of Central Maine Power
Company. Under certain circumstances, as set
forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights
will be evidenced by separate certificates
and will no longer be evidenced by this
certificate. Central Maine Power Company
will mail to the holder of this certificate a
copy of the Rights Agreement without charge
after receipt of a written request therefor.
As described in the Rights Agreement, Rights
issued to any Person who is or becomes an
Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate
thereof (in each case, as defined in the
Rights Agreement) are null and void.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -11-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

In the event that the Company purchases or acquires any Common

Shares after the Record Date but prior to the Distribution Date,

any Rights associated with such Common Shares shall be deemed

canceled and retired so that the Company shall not be entitled to

exercise any Rights associated with the Common Shares which are

no longer outstanding.

Section 4. Form of Right Certificates. (a) The Right

Certificates (and the forms of election to purchase Common Shares

and of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof) shall be

substantially as set forth in Exhibit A hereto and may have such

marks of identification or designation and such legends,

summaries or endorsements printed thereon as the Company may deem

appropriate and as are not contrary to the express provisions of

this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any

applicable law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant

thereto or with any rule or regulation of any stock exchange on

which the Rights may from time to time be listed, or to conform

to usage. Subject to the provisions of Section 22 hereof, the

Right Certificates shall entitle the holders thereof to purchase

such number of Common Shares as shall be set forth therein at the

purchase price per Common Share set forth therein, but the number

of such Common Shares and the purchase price per Common Share

shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein (such specified

or adjusted purchase price being hereinafter called the "Purchase

Price").

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -12-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

(b) Any Right Certificate issued pursuant to Sec-

tion 3(a), Section 11(i) or Section 22 hereof that represents any

Rights that were or are beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person

or any Associate or Affiliate of such Acquiring Person and any

Right Certificate issued pursuant to Section 6 or Section 11

hereof upon transfer, exchange, replacement or adjustment of any

other Right Certificate referred to in this sentence, shall

contain (to the extent feasible) the following legend:

The Rights represented by this Right
Certificate are or were beneficially owned by
a Person who was, became or has announced an
intention to become an Acquiring Person, or
was or is an Affiliate or Associate thereof
(in each case, as defined in the Rights
Agreement). Accordingly, this Right
Certificate and the Rights represented hereby
are or will become null and void as provided
in Section 11(a)(ii) of the Rights Agreement.

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration. The

Right Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by

its President or any of its Vice Presidents, either manually or

by facsimile signature, shall have affixed thereto or printed

thereon the Company's seal or a facsimile thereof, and shall be

attested by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the

Company, either manually or by facsimile signature. The Right

Certificates shall be manually countersigned by the Rights Agent

and shall not be valid for any purpose unless countersigned. In

case any officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the

Right Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the Company

before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -13-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

delivery by the Company, such Right Certificates, nevertheless,

may be countersigned by the Rights Agent and issued and delivered

by the Company with the same force and effect as though the

person who signed such Right Certificates had not ceased to be

such officer of the Company; and any Right Certificate may be

signed on behalf of the Company by any person who, at the actual

date of the execution of such Right Certificate, shall be a

proper officer of the Company to sign such Right Certificate,

although at the date of the execution of this Rights Agreement

any such person was not such an officer.

Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will

keep or cause to be kept, at its principal office for transfer

agency functions, books for registration and registration of

transfer of the Right Certificates issued hereunder. Such books

shall show the names and addresses of the respective holders of

the Right Certificates, the number of Rights evidenced on its

face by each of the Right Certificates and the date of each of

the Right Certificates.

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and

Exchange of Right Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or

Stolen Right Certificates. Subject to the provisions of Section

14 hereof, at any time after the Close of Business on the

Distribution Date, and at or prior to the Close of Business on

the earlier of the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration Date,

any Right Certificate or Right Certificates (other than Right

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -14-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Certificates representing Rights that have become void pursuant

to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof or that have been exchanged pursuant

to Section 24 hereof) may be transferred, split up, combined or

exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates,

entitling the registered holder to purchase a like number of

Common Shares as the Right Certificate or Right Certificates

surrendered then entitled such holder to purchase. Under such

circumstances, any registered holder desiring to transfer, split

up, combine or exchange any Right Certificate or Right

Certificates shall make such request in writing delivered to the

Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Right Certificate or Right

Certificates to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged

at the principal office of the Rights Agent for transfer agency

functions, and thereupon the Rights Agent shall countersign and

deliver to the person entitled thereto a Right Certificate or

Right Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The

Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax

or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any

transfer, split up, combination or exchange of Right

Certificates.

Upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of

evidence reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft,

destruction or mutilation of a Right Certificate, and, in case of

loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably

satisfactory to them, and, at the Company's request,

reimbursement to the Company and the Rights Agent of all

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -15-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

reasonable expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender to the

Rights Agent and cancellation of the Right Certificate if

mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Right

Certificate of like tenor to the Rights Agent for delivery to the

registered holder in lieu of the Right Certificate so lost,

stolen, destroyed or mutilated, provided, that no such new Right

Certificate shall be made and delivered by or on behalf of the

Company after the Close of Business on the earlier of the

Redemption Date or the Final Expiration Date.

Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price;

Expiration Date of Rights. (a) The registered holder of any

Right Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby

(except as otherwise provided herein) in whole or in part at any

time after the Distribution Date upon surrender of the Right

Certificate, with the form of election to purchase on the reverse

side thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the principal

office of the Rights Agent for transfer agency functions,

together with payment of the Purchase Price for each Common Share

as to which the Rights are exercised, at or prior to the earliest

of (i) the Close of Business on October 31, 2004 (the "Final

Expiration Date"), (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed

as provided in Section 23 hereof (the "Redemption Date"), or

(iii) the time at which the Rights are exchanged as provided in

Section 24 hereof.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -16-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

(b) The Purchase Price for each Common Share pursuant

to the exercise of a Right shall initially be $40, shall be

subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Sections

11 and 13 hereof and shall be payable in lawful money of the

United States of America in accordance with paragraph (c) below.

In no event shall the Purchase Price for a Common Share of the

Company pursuant to the exercise of a Right be less than the par

value of such Common Share at the time such Right is exercised.

(c) Upon receipt of a Right Certificate representing

exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase duly

executed, accompanied by payment of the Purchase Price for the

shares to be purchased and an amount equal to any applicable

transfer tax required to be paid by the holder of such Right

Certificate in accordance with Section 9 hereof by certified

check, cashier's check, bank draft or money order payable to the

order of the Company, the Rights Agent shall thereupon as soon as

reasonably practicable (i) requisition from any transfer agent of

the Common Shares certificates for the number of Common Shares to

be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its

transfer agent to comply with all such requests, (ii) when

appropriate, requisition from the Company the amount of cash to

be paid in lieu of issuance of fractional shares in accordance

with Section 14 hereof, (iii) after receipt of such certificates,

cause the same to be delivered to or upon the order of the

registered holder of such Right Certificate, registered in such

name or names as may be designated by such holder and (iv) when

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -17-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

appropriate, after receipt, deliver such cash to or upon the

order of the registered holder of such Right Certificate.

(d) In case the registered holder of any Right

Certificate shall exercise fewer than all the Rights evidenced

thereby, a new Right Certificate evidencing Rights equivalent to

the Rights remaining unexercised shall be issued by the Rights

Agent to the registered holder of such Right Certificate or to

his duly authorized assigns, subject to the provisions of Section

14 hereof.

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Right

Certificates. All Right Certificates surrendered for the purpose

of exercise, transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall,

if surrendered to the Company or to any of its agents, be

delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation or in canceled

form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent, shall be canceled

by it, and no Right Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof

except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this

Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for

cancellation and retirement, and the Rights Agent shall so cancel

and retire, any other Right Certificate purchased or acquired by

the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. The Rights

Agent shall deliver all canceled Right Certificates to the

Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company, destroy

such canceled Right Certificates, and in such case shall deliver

a certificate of destruction thereof to the Company.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -18-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Section 9. Reservation and Availability of Common

Shares. The Company covenants and agrees that it will use every

reasonable effort to cause to be reserved and kept available out

of its authorized and unissued Common Shares or any authorized

and issued Common Shares held in its treasury, the number of

Common Shares that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in

full of all outstanding Rights in accordance with Section 7 of

this Agreement.

The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all

such action within the Company's power as may be necessary to

ensure that all Common Shares delivered upon exercise of Rights

shall, at the time of delivery of the certificates for such

shares (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be duly and

validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable

shares.

The Company shall use every reasonable effort to

obtain, as soon as practicable following the Shares Acquisition

Date (to the extent not theretofore obtained), such regulatory

approvals and to take such other action as may be necessary for

it to issue and/or sell Common Shares purchasable upon the

exercise of the Rights.

Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or of

any Right Certificate to the contrary, the Rights shall not be

exercisable pursuant to Section 7 or pursuant to the provisions

contemplated by Section 11(a)(ii) hereof (a) unless and until any

regulatory approvals required for the issuance and/or sale of

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -19-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Common Shares upon such exercise have been obtained, (b) in any

jurisdiction if any requisite qualification in such jurisdiction

shall not have been effected or (c) if the exercise thereof, or

the issuance and/or sale of the Common Shares to be purchased

upon such exercise, shall not be permitted under the Company's

Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or any applicable

law or administrative or judicial regulation or order.

The Company covenants and agrees that it will pay when

due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and

charges which may be payable in respect of the issuance or

delivery of the Right Certificates or of any Common Shares upon

the exercise of Rights. The Company shall not, however, be

required to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect

of any transfer or delivery of Right Certificates to a person

other than, or the issuance or delivery of certificates for the

Common Shares in a name other than that of, the registered holder

of the Right Certificate evidencing Rights surrendered for

exercise or to issue or to deliver any certificates for Common

Shares upon the exercise of any Rights until any such tax shall

have been paid (any such tax being payable by the holder of such

Right Certificate at the time of surrender) or until it has been

established to the Company's reasonable satisfaction that no such

tax is due.

Section 10. Common Shares Record Date. Each person in

whose name any certificate for Common Shares is issued upon the

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -20-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

exercise of Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have

become the holder of record of the Common Shares represented

thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date upon

which the Right Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly

surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price (and any applicable

transfer taxes) was made; provided, however, that if the date of

such surrender and payment is a date upon which the Common Shares

transfer books of the Company are closed, such person shall be

deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and

such certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day

on which the Common Shares transfer books of the Company are

open. As set forth in Section 17 hereof, prior to the exercise

of the Rights evidenced thereby, a Right Certificate shall not

confer upon the holder thereof any rights of a holder of Common

Shares for which the Rights shall be exercisable, including,

without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends or

other distributions, and such holder shall not be entitled to

receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company, except as

provided herein.

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of

Shares or Number of Rights. The Purchase Price, the number of

Common Shares covered by each Right and the number of Rights

outstanding are subject to adjustment at any time and from time

to time as provided in this Section 11.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -21-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

(a) (i) In the event the Company shall at any time

after the date of the original execution and delivery of this

Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Common Shares payable in

Common Shares, (B) subdivide the outstanding Common Shares, (C)

combine the outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of

Common Shares or (D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a

reclassification of the Common Shares (including any such

reclassification in connection with a consolidation or merger in

which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation),

except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a), the Purchase

Price in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend

or of the effective date of such subdivision, combination or

reclassification, and the number and kind of shares of capital

stock issuable on such date, shall be proportionately adjusted so

that the holder of any Right exercised after such time shall be

entitled to receive the aggregate number and kind of shares of

capital stock which, if such Right had been exercised immediately

prior to such date and at a time when the Common Shares transfer

books of the Company were open, he would have owned upon such

exercise and been entitled to receive by virtue of such dividend,

subdivision, combination or reclassification; provided, however,

that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the

exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the

shares of capital stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of

one Right.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -22-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

(ii) Subject to Section 24 of this Agreement, in

the event any Person shall become an Acquiring Person (other than

through an acquisition described in subparagraph (iii) of this

paragraph (a)), each holder of a Right shall (except as otherwise

provided in the next paragraph) thereafter have a right to

receive, upon exercise thereof at a price equal to the then

current Purchase Price multiplied by the number of Common Shares

for which such Right is then exercisable, in accordance with the

terms of this Agreement, such number of Common Shares of the

Company as shall equal the result obtained by (x) multiplying the

then current Purchase Price by the number of Common Shares for

which such Right is then exercisable and (y) dividing that

product by 50% of the then current per share market price of such

Common Shares (determined pursuant to Section 11(d)) on the date

such Person became an Acquiring Person. In the event that any

Person shall become an Acquiring Person and the Rights shall then

be outstanding, the Company shall not take or omit to take any

action, having the purpose or result of eliminating or

diminishing the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights.

From and after the time any Person becomes an Acquiring

Person (except through an acquisition described in subparagraph

(iii) of this paragraph (a)), any Rights that are or were

acquired or beneficially owned by such Acquiring Person (or any

Associate or Affiliate of such Acquiring Person) shall be void

and any holder of such Rights shall have no right to exercise

such Rights under any provision of this Agreement. No Right

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -23-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Certificate shall be issued pursuant to Section 3 that represents

Rights beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person whose Rights

would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence or any Associate

or Affiliate thereof; no Right Certificate shall be issued at any

time upon the transfer of any Rights to an Acquiring Person whose

Rights would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence or any

Associate or Affiliate thereof or to any nominee of such

Acquiring Person, Associate or Affiliate; and any Right

Certificate delivered to the Rights Agent for transfer to an

Acquiring Person whose Rights would be void pursuant to the

preceding sentence or any Associate or Affiliate thereof shall be

canceled. The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure

that the provisions of this subsection and Section 4(b) hereof

are complied with, but shall have no liability to any holder of

Right Certificates or other Person as a result of its failure or

delay in making any determination with respect to an Acquiring

Person or any of its Affiliates, Associates or transferees

hereunder.

(iii) The right to buy Common Shares of the

Company pursuant to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph (a) shall

not arise as a result of any Person becoming an Acquiring Person

through a purchase of Common Shares pursuant to a tender offer

made in the manner prescribed by Section 14(d) of the Exchange

Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

provided, however, that (A) such tender offer shall provide for

the acquisition for cash of all of the outstanding Voting Stock

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -24-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

held by any Person other than such Person and its Affiliates, (B)

such Person and its Affiliates shall have received (and delivered

executed copies thereof to the Company) written commitments for

the full amount of the financing necessary to consummate such

tender offer from nationally recognized lending institutions and

(C) such purchase shall cause such Person, together with all

Affiliates and Associates of such Person, to be the Beneficial

Owner of 80% or more of the Voting Stock then outstanding (the

"80% Offer"); provided, further, that (1) the 80% Offer shall

have remained outstanding for a period of at least 45 Business

Days, (2) if the 80% Offer is amended to increase the cash per

share consideration paid to the Company's shareholders, the 80%

Offer shall have remained open for a period of at least 20

Business Days after it was amended (provided that in no event

will the 80% Offer have been outstanding for less than 45

Business Days), (3) if any Person or group of Persons announces

or commences a tender offer or exchange offer for Common Shares

of the Company or Voting Stock where the per share consideration

is higher than the consideration being offered in the 80% Offer

(a "Competing Offer"), the 80% Offer must have remained open for

at least 20 Business Days after the Competing Offer was announced

or commenced (provided that in no event will the 80% Offer be

open for less than 45 Business Days), (4) the Person making the

80% Offer commits in writing (an executed copy of which is

delivered to the Company) prior to commencement of the 80% Offer

to effect an all-cash transaction following consummation of the

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -25-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

80% Offer pursuant to which the remaining shareholders receive

the same cash per share price paid to acquire shares in the 80%

Offer, and (5) the Person making the 80% Offer commits in writing

(an executed copy of which is delivered to the Company) prior to

the commencement of the 80% Offer not to renew, extend or change

the terms of its original tender offer (other than amendments in

accordance with (2) or (3) above or to increase the cash per

share price paid to shareholders in such original tender offer)

or to make a new tender offer for one year after commencement of

its original tender offer if its original tender offer is not

consummated and there is not commenced within such one-year

period a competing all-cash tender offer for all Voting Stock of

the Company in which the per share price is higher than the per

share price offered in such original tender offer.

(iv) In the event that there shall not be

sufficient Common Shares of the Company issued but not

outstanding or authorized but unissued, or there shall not have

been received regulatory approvals necessary to permit the

exercise in full of the Rights in accordance with the foregoing

subparagraph (ii), the Company may, at its option, with respect

to some of or all of the Rights (as hereinafter provided), make

adequate provision to substitute, upon exercise of each such

Right but subject to Section 9 hereof, (1) cash, (2) a reduction

in the Purchase Price, (3) equity securities of the Company

and/or its Subsidiaries, (4) debt securities of the Company

and/or its Subsidiaries, (5) other assets, or (6) any combination

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -26-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

of the foregoing, having an aggregate value equal to the

aggregate current per share market price on the Shares

Acquisition Date of the Common Shares of the Company for which

each such Right would otherwise be exercisable pursuant to

Section 11(a)(ii) hereof (such aggregate value to be conclusively

established by the good faith determination thereof by the Board

of Directors of the Company based upon the advice of a nationally

recognized investment banking firm selected by the Board of

Directors of the Company, which determination shall be described

in a statement filed with the Rights Agent). To the extent that

the Board of Directors of the Company determines that some action

need be taken pursuant to the first sentence of this Sec-

tion 11(a)(iv), the Company (x) shall provide, subject to the

second paragraph of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, that such action

shall apply uniformly to all outstanding Rights (or to Rights pro

rata or such other reasonable method of allocation as shall be

conclusively established by the good faith determination thereof

by the Board of Directors of the Company, to the extent that such

action applies to less than all the Rights), and (y) may suspend

the exercisability of the Rights in order to seek any

authorization of additional shares, to take any action to obtain

any required regulatory approval and/or to decide the appropriate

form of distribution to be made pursuant to such first sentence

and to determine the value thereof. In the event of any such

suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement stating

that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -27-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

suspended, as well as a public announcement at such time as the

suspension is no longer in effect.

(b) In case the Company shall fix a record date for

the issuance of rights, options or warrants to all holders of

Common Shares entitling them (for a period expiring within 45

calendar days after such record date) to subscribe for or

purchase Common Shares or securities convertible into Common

Shares at a price per Common Share (or having a conversion price

per share, if a security convertible into Common Shares) less

than the then current per share market price of the Common Shares

(as defined in Section 11(d)) on such record date, the Purchase

Price to be in effect after such record date shall be determined

by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to

such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be

the number of Common Shares outstanding on such record date plus

the number of Common Shares which the aggregate offering price of

the total number of Common Shares so to be offered (and/or the

aggregate initial conversion price of the convertible securities

so to be offered) would purchase at such current market price and

the denominator of which shall be the number of Common Shares

outstanding on such record date plus the number of additional

Common Shares to be offered for subscription or purchase (or into

which the convertible securities so to be offered are initially

convertible); provided, however, that in no event shall the

consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less

than the aggregate par value of the shares of capital stock of

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -28-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

the Company issuable upon exercise of one Right. In case such

subscription price may be paid in a consideration part or all of

which shall be in a form other than cash, the value of such

consideration shall be conclusively established by the good faith

determination thereof by the Board of Directors of the Company,

whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with

the Rights Agent. Common Shares owned by or held for the account

of the Company shall not be deemed outstanding for the purpose of

any such computation. Such adjustment shall be made successively

whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the event that such

rights, options or warrants are not so issued, the Purchase Price

shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in

effect if such record date had not been fixed.

(c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for

the making of a distribution to all holders of the Common Shares

(including any such distribution made in connection with a

consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or

surviving corporation) of evidences of indebtedness or assets

(other than a regular quarterly cash dividend or a dividend

payable in Common Shares) or rights, options or warrants

(excluding those referred to in Section 11(b)), the Purchase

Price to be in effect after such record date shall be determined

by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to

such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be

the then current per share market price of the Common Shares on

such record date, less the fair market value (as conclusively

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -29-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

established by the good faith determination thereof by the Board

of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be

described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent) of the

portion of the assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be

distributed, or of such rights, options or warrants, applicable

to one Common Share, and the denominator of which shall be such

current per share market price of the Common Shares; provided,

however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon

the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of

the shares of capital stock of the Company to be issued upon

exercise of one Right. Such adjustments shall be made

successively whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the

event that such distribution is not so made, the Purchase Price

shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in

effect if such record date had not been fixed.

(d) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the

"current per share market price" of the Common Shares on any date

shall be deemed to be the average of the daily closing prices per

share of the Common Shares for the 30 consecutive Trading Days

(as such term is hereinafter defined) ending with the Trading Day

immediately prior to such date; provided, however, that in the

event that the current per share market price of the Common

Shares is determined during a period following the announcement

by the issuer of such Common Shares of (i) a dividend or

distribution on such Common Shares payable in Common Shares or

securities convertible into Common Shares, or (ii) any

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -30-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

subdivision, combination or reclassification of Common Shares and

prior to the expiration of 30 Trading Days after the ex-dividend

date for such dividend or distribution, or the record date for

such subdivision, combination or reclassification, then, and in

each such case, the current per share market price shall be

appropriately adjusted to reflect the current market price per

Common Share. The closing price for each day shall be the last

sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on

such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices,

regular way, in either case as reported in the principal

consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to

securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock

Exchange or, if the Common Shares are not listed or admitted to

trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the

principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect

to securities listed on the principal national securities

exchange on which the Common Shares are listed or admitted to

trading or, if the Common Shares are not listed or admitted to

trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted

price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low

asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the

National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated

Quotations System ("NASDAQ") or such other system then in use,

or, if on any such date the Common Shares are not quoted by any

such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked

prices as furnished by a professional market maker (selected by

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -31-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

the Board of Directors of the issuer of the Common Shares) making

a market in the Common Shares. If on any such date no such

market maker is making a market in the Common Shares, the fair

value of the Common Shares on such date as determined in good

faith by the Board of Directors of the issuer of the Common

Shares shall be used. The term "Trading Day" shall mean a day on

which the principal national securities exchange on which the

Common Shares are listed or admitted to trading is open for the

transaction of business or, if the Common Shares are not listed

or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, a

Business Day.

(e) No adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be

required unless such adjustment would require an increase or

decrease of at least 1% in the Purchase Price; provided, however,

that any adjustments which by reason of this Section 11(e) are

not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into

account in any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under

this Section 11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the

nearest ten-thousandth of a share, as the case may be.

Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section 11(e), any

adjustment required by this Section 11 shall be made no later

than the earlier of (i) three years from the date of the

transaction which requires such adjustment or (ii) the date of

the expiration of the right to exercise any Rights.

(f) If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to

Section 11(a), the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -32-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock other than

Common Shares, thereafter the number of such other shares so

receivable upon exercise of any Right shall be subject to

adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly

equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to the

Common Shares contained in Section 11(a) through (c) hereof,

inclusive, Section 11(e) hereof and the provisions of Sections 7,

9, 10 and 13 hereof with respect to the Common Shares shall apply

on like terms to any such other shares.

(g) All Rights issued by the Company shall, subsequent

to any adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder, evidence

the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number

of Common Shares purchasable from time to time hereunder upon

exercise of the Rights, all subject to further adjustment as

provided herein.

(h) Unless the Company shall have exercised its

election as provided in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of

the Purchase Price as a result of the calculations made in

Sections 11(b) and (c), each Right outstanding immediately prior

to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter evidence the

right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, that number of

Common Shares (calculated to the nearest ten-thousandth of a

Common Share) obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the number of

Common Shares covered by a Right immediately prior to this

adjustment by (y) the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior

to such adjustment of the Purchase Price and (ii) dividing the

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -33-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

product so obtained by the Purchase Price in effect immediately

after such adjustment of the Purchase Price.

(i) The Company may elect on or after the date of any

adjustment of the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights,

in substitution for any adjustment in the number of Common Shares

purchasable upon the exercise of a Right. Each of the Rights

outstanding after such adjustment of the number of Rights shall

be exercisable for the number of Common Shares for which a Right

was exercisable immediately prior to such adjustment. Each Right

held of record prior to such adjustment of the number of Rights

shall become that number of Rights (calculated to the nearest one

ten-thousandth) obtained by dividing the Purchase Price in effect

immediately prior to adjustment of the Purchase Price by the

Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of the

Purchase Price. The Company shall make a public announcement of

its election to adjust the number of Rights, indicating the

record date for the adjustment, and, if known at the time, the

amount of the adjustment to be made. This record date may be the

date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day

thereafter, but, if the Right Certificates have been issued,

shall be at least 10 days later than the date of the public

announcement. If Right Certificates have been issued, upon each

adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to this Section

11(i), the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, cause to be

distributed to holders of record of Right Certificates on such

record date Right Certificates evidencing, subject to Section 14

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -34-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

hereof, the additional Rights to which such holders shall be

entitled as a result of such adjustment, or, at the option of the

Company, shall cause to be distributed to such holders of record

in substitution and replacement for the Right Certificates held

by such holders prior to the date of adjustment, and upon

surrender thereof, if required by the Company, new Right

Certificates evidencing all the Rights to which such holders

shall be entitled after such adjustment. Right Certificates so

to be distributed shall be issued, executed and countersigned in

the manner provided for herein and shall be registered in the

names of the holders of record of Right Certificates on the

record date specified in the public announcement.

(j) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the

Purchase Price or the number of Common Shares issuable upon the

exercise of the Rights, the Right Certificates theretofore and

thereafter issued may continue to express the Purchase Price and

the number of Common Shares which were expressed in the initial

Right Certificates issued hereunder.

(k) Before taking any action that would cause an

adjustment reducing the Purchase Price below the par value, if

any, of the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights,

the Company shall take any corporate action which may, in the

opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Company

may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Common

Shares at such adjusted Purchase Price.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -35-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

(l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require

that an adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of

a record date for a specified event, the Company may elect to

defer until the occurrence of such event the issuing to the

holder of any Right exercised after such record date of the

Common Shares and other capital stock or securities of the

Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise over and above the

Common Shares and other capital stock or securities of the

Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise on the basis of the

Purchase Price in effect prior to such adjustment; provided,

however, that the Company shall deliver to such holder a due bill

or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's right to

receive such additional shares upon the occurrence of the event

requiring such adjustment.

(m) Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary

notwithstanding, the Company shall be entitled to make such

reductions in the Purchase Price, in addition to those

adjustments expressly required by this Section 11, as and to the

extent that it in its sole discretion shall determine to be

advisable in order that any consolidation or subdivision of the

Common Shares, issuance wholly for cash of any Common Shares at

less than the current market price, issuance wholly for cash of

Common Shares or securities which by their terms are convertible

into or exchangeable for Common Shares, dividends on Common

Shares payable in Common Shares or issuance of rights, options or

warrants referred to hereinabove in Section 11(b), hereafter made

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -36-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

by the Company to holders of its Common Shares shall not be

taxable to such shareholders.

(n) In the event that at any time after the date of

the original execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior

to the Distribution Date, the Company shall (i) declare or pay

any dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or

(ii) effect a subdivision, combination or consolidation of the

Common Shares (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment

of dividends in Common Shares) into a greater or lesser number of

Common Shares, then in any such case (x) the number of Common

Shares purchasable after such event upon proper exercise of each

Right shall be determined by multiplying the number of Common

Shares so purchasable immediately prior to such event by a

fraction, the numerator of which is the number of Common Shares

outstanding immediately before such event and the denominator of

which is the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately

after such event, and (y) each Common Share outstanding

immediately after such event shall have issued with respect to it

that number of Rights which each Common Share outstanding

immediately prior to such event had issued with respect to it.

The adjustments provided for in this Section 11(n) shall be made

successively whenever such a dividend is declared or paid or such

a subdivision, combination or consolidation is effected.

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or

Number of Shares. Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -37-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Section 11 or 13 hereof, the Company shall promptly (a) prepare a

certificate setting forth such adjustment, and a brief statement

of the facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) file with the

Rights Agent and with each transfer agent for the Common Shares a

copy of such certificate and (c) mail a brief summary thereof to

each holder of a Right Certificate in accordance with Section 25

hereof. The Rights Agent is entitled to rely on any such

certificate in the performance of its duties hereunder and shall

be indemnified in the manner set forth herein for acting upon

such reliance.

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer

of Assets or Earning Power. In the event, directly or

indirectly, (a) the Company shall consolidate with, or merge with

and into, any other Person, (b) any Person shall consolidate with

the Company, or merge with and into the Company and the Company

shall be the continuing or surviving corporation of such merger

and, in connection with such merger, all or part of the Common

Shares shall be changed into or exchanged for stock or other

securities of any Person (including the Company) or cash or any

other property, or (c) the Company shall sell or otherwise

transfer (or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or

otherwise transfer), in one or more transactions, assets or

earning power aggregating 50% or more of the assets or earning

power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to

any other Person other than the Company or one or more of its

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -38-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

wholly-owned Subsidiaries, then, and in each such case, proper

provision shall be made so that (i) each holder of a Right

(except as otherwise provided herein) shall thereafter have the

right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at a price equal to

the then current Purchase Price multiplied by the number of

Common Shares for which a Right is then exercisable, in

accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such number of

Common Shares of such other Person (including the Company as

successor thereto or as the surviving corporation) as shall be

equal to the result obtained by (x) multiplying the then current

Purchase Price by the number of Common Shares for which a Right

is then exercisable and (y) dividing that product by 50% of the

then current per share market price of the Common Shares of such

other Person (determined pursuant to Section 11(d)) on the date

of consummation of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer;

(ii) the issuer of such Common Shares shall thereafter be liable

for, and shall assume, by virtue of such consolidation, merger,

sale or transfer, all the obligations and duties of the Company

pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) the term "Company" shall

thereafter be deemed to refer to such issuer; and (iv) such

issuer shall take such steps (including, but not limited to, the

reservation of a sufficient number of its Common Shares in

accordance with Section 9 hereof) in connection with such

consummation as may be necessary to assure that the provisions

hereof shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably

may be, in relation to the Common Shares thereafter deliverable

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -39-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

upon the exercise of the Rights. The Company shall not

consummate any such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer

unless prior thereto the Company and such issuer shall have

executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental

agreement so providing. The Company shall not enter into any

transaction of the kind referred to in this Section 13 if at the

time of such transaction there are any rights, warrants,

instruments or securities outstanding or any agreements or

arrangements which, as a result of the consummation of such

transaction, would eliminate or substantially diminish the

benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights. The provisions

of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive mergers or

consolidations or sales or other transfers.

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares.

(a) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of

Rights or to distribute Right Certificates which evidence

fractional Rights. In lieu of such fractional Rights, there

shall be paid to the registered holders of the Right Certificates

with regard to which such fractional Rights would otherwise be

issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the

current market value of a whole Right. For the purposes of this

Section 14(a), the current market value of a whole Right shall be

the closing price of the Rights for the Trading Day immediately

prior to the date on which such fractional Rights would have been

otherwise issuable. The closing price for any day shall be the

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -40-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes

place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked

prices, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal

consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to

securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock

Exchange or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading

on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the principal

consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to

securities listed on the principal national securities exchange

on which the Rights are listed or admitted to trading or, if the

Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on any national

securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted,

the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-

counter market, as reported by NASDAQ or such other system then

in use or, if on any such date the Rights are not quoted by any

such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked

prices as furnished by a professional market maker selected by

the Board of Directors of the Company making a market in the

Rights. If on any such date no such market maker is making a

market in the Rights, the fair value of the Rights on such date

as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the

Company shall be used.

(b) The Company shall not be required to issue

fractions of Common Shares upon exercise of the Rights or to

distribute certificates which evidence fractional Common Shares.

In lieu of fractional Common Shares, the Company shall pay to the

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -41-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

registered holders of Right Certificates at the time such Rights

are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the

same fraction of the current market value of one Common Share.

For purposes of this Section 14(b), the current market value of a

Common Share shall be the closing price of a Common Share (as

determined pursuant to the second sentence of Section 11(d)

hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such

exercise.

(c) The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the

Right expressly waives his right to receive any fractional Rights

or any fractional shares upon exercise of a Right (except as

provided above).

Section 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in

respect of this Agreement, excepting the rights of action given

to the Rights Agent under Section 18 hereof, are vested in the

Company and in the respective registered holders of the Right

Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered

holders of the Common Shares); and any registered holder of any

Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the

Common Shares), without the consent of the Rights Agent or of the

holder of any other Right Certificate (or, prior to the

Distribution Date, of the Common Shares), may, in his own behalf

and for his own benefit, enforce, and may institute and maintain

any suit, action or proceeding against the Company to enforce, or

otherwise act in respect of, his right to exercise the Rights

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -42-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

evidenced by such Right Certificate in the manner provided in

such Right Certificate and in this Agreement. Without limiting

the foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights,

it is specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights would

not have an adequate remedy at law for any breach of this

Agreement and will be entitled to specific performance of the

obligations under, and injunctive relief against actual or

threatened violations of the obligations of any Person subject

to, this Agreement.

Section 16. Agreement of Right Holders. Every holder

of a Right, by accepting the same, consents and agrees with the

Company and the Rights Agent and with every other holder of a

Right that:

(a) prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be

transferable only in connection with the transfer of the Common

Shares;

(b) after the Distribution Date, the Right

Certificates will be transferable only on the registry books of

the Rights Agent if surrendered at the principal office for

transfer agency functions of the Rights Agent, duly endorsed or

accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer; and

(c) the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and

treat the person in whose name the Right Certificate (or, prior

to the Distribution Date, the associated Common Shares

certificate) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -43-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

the Rights evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any notations of

ownership or writing on the Right Certificates or the associated

Common Shares certificate made by anyone other than the Company

or the Rights Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and neither the

Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to

the contrary.

Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a

Shareholder. No holder, as such, of any Right Certificate shall

be entitled to vote, receive dividends on or be deemed for any

purpose the holder of the Common Shares or any other securities

of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise

of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall anything contained

herein or in any Right Certificate be construed to confer upon

the holder of any Right Certificate, as such, any of the rights

of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the

election of directors or upon any matter submitted to

shareholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold

consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings

or other actions affecting shareholders (except as provided in

Section 25 hereof), or to receive dividends or subscription

rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by such

Right Certificate shall have been exercised in accordance with

the provisions hereof.

Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent. The Company

agrees to pay to the Rights Agent reasonable compensation for all

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -44-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time, on

demand of the Rights Agent, its reasonable expenses and counsel

fees and other disbursements incurred in the administration and

execution of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of

its duties hereunder. The Company also agrees to indemnify the

Rights Agent for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss,

liability, or expense, incurred without negligence, bad faith or

willful misconduct on the part of the Rights Agent, for anything

done or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection with the

acceptance and administration of this Agreement.

The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no

liability for, or in respect of any action taken, suffered or

omitted by it in connection with, its administration of this

Agreement in reliance upon any Right Certificate or certificate

for the Common Shares or for other securities of the Company,

instrument of assignment or transfer, power of attorney,

endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent,

certificate, statement, or other paper or document believed by it

to be genuine and to be signed, executed and, where necessary,

verified or acknowledged, by the proper person or persons, or

otherwise upon the advice of counsel as set forth in Section 20

hereof.

Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwith-

standing, in no event shall the Rights Agent be liable for
special,

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -45-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever

(including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Rights

Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage

and regardless of the form of the action.

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name

of Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or

any successor Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be

consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger or

consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights

Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the

transfer agency or corporate trust business of the Rights Agent

or any successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to the

Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing

of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties

hereto, provided that such corporation would be eligible for

appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions of

Section 21. In case at the time such successor Rights Agent

shall succeed to the agency created by this Agreement, any of the

Right Certificates shall have been countersigned but not

delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the

countersignature of the predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such

Right Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any

of the Right Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any

successor Rights Agent may countersign such Right Certificates

either in the name of the predecessor Rights Agent or in the name

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -46-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such cases such Right

Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Right

Certificates and in this Agreement.

In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall

be changed and at such time any of the Right Certificates shall

have been countersigned but not delivered, the Rights Agent may

adopt the countersignature under its prior name and deliver Right

Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of

the Right Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the

Rights Agent may countersign such Right Certificates either in

its prior name or in its changed name; and in all such cases such

Right Certificates shall have the full force provided in the

Right Certificates and in this Agreement.

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent

undertakes the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement

upon the following terms and conditions, by all of which the

Company and the holders of Right Certificates, by their

acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

(a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel

(who may be legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion of

such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and

protection to the Rights Agent as to any action taken or omitted

by it in good faith and in accordance with such opinion.

(b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under

this Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -47-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the

Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such

fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be

herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively

proved and established by a certificate signed by any one of the

President, any Vice President, the Treasurer or the Secretary of

the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent; and such

certificate shall be full authorization to the Rights Agent for

any action taken or suffered in good faith by it under the

provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate.

(c) The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder to the

Company and any other Person only for its own negligence, bad

faith or willful misconduct.

(d) The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by

reason of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in

this Agreement or in the Right Certificates (except its

countersignature thereof) or be required to verify the same, but

all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed to have

been made by the Company only.

(e) The Rights Agent shall not be under any responsi-

bility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the

execution and delivery hereof (except the due execution hereof by

the Rights Agent) or in respect of the validity or execution of

any Right Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); nor

shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any

covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -48-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for any change in the

exercisability of the Rights (including the Rights becoming void

pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) or any adjustment in the

terms of the Rights (including the manner, method or amount

thereof) provided for in Sections 3, 11, 13, 23 or 24 hereof, or

the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any

such change or adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of

Rights evidenced by Right Certificates after actual notice that

such change or adjustment is required); nor shall it by any act

hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to

the authorization or reservation of any Common Shares to be

issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right Certificate or as

to whether any Common Shares will, when issued, be validly

authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(f) The Company agrees that it will perform, execute,

acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed,

acknowledged and delivered all such further and other acts,

instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the

Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing by the Rights

Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

(g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed

to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its

duties hereunder from any one of the President, any Vice

President, the Secretary or the Treasurer of the Company, and to

apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection

with its duties, and it shall not be liable for any action taken

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -49-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

or suffered by it in good faith in accordance with instructions

of any such officer or for any delay in acting while waiting for

those instructions.

(h) The Rights Agent and any shareholder, director,

officer or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in

any of the Rights or other securities of the Company or become

pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company

may be interested, or contract with or lend money to the Company

or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not Rights

Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the

Rights Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or

for any other Person.

(i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of

the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty

hereunder either itself or by or through its attorneys or agents,

and the Rights Agent shall not be answerable or accountable for

any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorneys or

agents or for any loss to the Company resulting from any such

act, default, neglect or misconduct, provided reasonable care was

exercised in the selection and continued employment thereof.

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent

or any successor Rights Agent may resign from its duties under

this Agreement by giving notice in writing mailed to the Company

and to each transfer agent of the Common Shares by registered or

certified mail, and to the holders of the Right Certificates by

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -50-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

first-class mail, not less than 30 days before such resignation

is to take effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary

contained herein, such resignation shall not become effective

until a successor Rights Agent shall be appointed and such

successor Rights Agent shall accept such appointment. The

Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent

upon 30 days' notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent or

successor Rights Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer

agent of the Common Shares by registered or certified mail, and

to the holders of the Right Certificates by first-class mail. If

the Rights Agent shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise

become incapable of acting, the Company shall appoint a successor

to the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such

appointment within a period of 30 days after giving notice of

such removal or after it has been notified in writing of such

resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated

Rights Agent or by the holder of a Right Certificate (who shall,

with such notice, submit his Right Certificate for inspection by

the Company), then the registered holder of any Right Certificate

may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the

appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent,

whether appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall be a

corporation organized, doing business and in good standing under

the laws of the United States or of the State of Maine (or of any

other state of the United States or of the District of Columbia),

which is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -51-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

or transfer agency powers and is subject to supervision or

examination by federal or state authority. After appointment,

the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers,

rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally

named as Rights Agent without further act or deed; but the

predecessor Rights Agent shall deliver and transfer to the

successor Rights Agent any property at the time held by it

hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance,

conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Not later

than the effective date of any such appointment the Company shall

file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Rights Agent

and each transfer agent of the Common Shares, and mail a notice

thereof in writing to the registered holders of the Right

Certificates. Failure to give any notice provided for in this

Section 21, however, or any defect therein, shall not affect the

legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights

Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the

case may be.

Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates.

Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the

Rights to the contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new

Right Certificates evidencing Rights in such form as may be

approved by its Board of Directors to reflect any adjustment or

change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind or class of

shares or other securities or property purchasable under the

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -52-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Right Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this

Agreement.

In addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of

Common Shares following the Distribution Date, no Rights shall

attach thereto except as follows: the Company (a) shall, with

respect to Common Shares so issued or sold pursuant to the

exercise of stock options or under any employee plan or

arrangement, granted or awarded prior to or on the Distribution

Date, or upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of securities

hereinafter issued by the Company, and (b) may, in any other

case, if deemed necessary or appropriate by the Board of

Directors, issue Right Certificates representing the appropriate

number of Rights in connection with such issuance or sale;

provided, however, that (i) no such Right Certificate shall be

issued if, and to the extent that, the Company shall be advised

by counsel that such issuance would create a significant risk of

material adverse tax consequences to the Company or the Person to

whom such Right Certificate would be issued, and (ii) no such

Right Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent that,

appropriate adjustment shall otherwise have been made in lieu of

the issuance thereof.

Section 23. Redemption. (a) The Rights may be

redeemed by action of the Board of Directors pursuant to

subsection (b) of this Section 23 and shall not be redeemed in

any other manner.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -53-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

(b) The Company may, at its option, pursuant to action

of its Board of Directors, at any time prior to such time as any

Person becomes an Acquiring Person, redeem all but not fewer than

all the then outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $.01 per

Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock

dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date of the

original execution and delivery of this Agreement (such

redemption price being hereinafter referred to as the "Redemption

Price"). Subject to the foregoing, the redemption of the Rights

by the Company may be made effective at such time, on such basis

and with such conditions as the Board of Directors in its sole

discretion may establish.

(c) Immediately upon the action of the Board of

Directors of the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights

pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 23, and without any

further action and without any notice, the right to exercise the

Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of the

holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price. The

Company shall promptly give public notice of any such redemption;

provided, however, that the failure to give, or any defect in,

any such notice shall not affect the validity of such redemption.

Within 10 days after such action of the Board of Directors

ordering the redemption of the Rights pursuant to subsection (b)

of this Section 23, the Company shall mail a notice of redemption

to all the holders of the then outstanding Rights at their last

addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -54-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Agent or, prior to the Distribution Date, on the registry books

of the transfer agent for the Common Shares. Any notice which is

mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given,

whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice

of redemption will state the method by which the payment of the

Redemption Price will be made. Neither the Company nor any of

its Affiliates or Associates may redeem, acquire or purchase for

value any Rights at any time in any manner other than that

specifically set forth in this Section 23 or in Section 24

hereof, and other than in connection with the purchase of Common

Shares prior to the Distribution Date.

Section 24. Exchange. (a) The Company may, at its

option, pursuant to action of its Board of Directors and after

receipt of any regulatory approvals required for such action, at

any time after any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, exchange

all or part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights (which

shall not include Rights that have become void pursuant to the

provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) for Common Shares at an

exchange ratio of one Common Share per Right, appropriately

adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar

transaction occurring after the date hereof (such exchange ratio

being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Ratio").

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall not

be empowered to effect such exchange (i) when the issuance of

Common Shares in such exchange shall violate applicable law or

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -55-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

(ii) at any time after any Person (other than the Company, any

Subsidiary of the Company, any Employee Benefit Plan of the

Company or any such Subsidiary, or any Person holding Common

Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan), together

with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the

Beneficial Owner of 50% or more of the Common Shares then

outstanding.

(b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of

Directors of the Company ordering the exchange of any Rights

pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 24 and without any

further action and without any notice, the right to exercise such

Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of a holder

of such Rights shall be to receive that number of Common Shares

equal to the number of such Rights held by such holder multiplied

by the Exchange Ratio. The Company shall promptly give public

notice of any such exchange; provided, however, that the failure

to give, or any defect in, such notice shall not affect the

validity of such exchange. The Company promptly shall mail a

notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights

at their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of

the Rights Agent. Any notice which is mailed in the manner

herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder

receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange will state the

method by which the exchange of the Common Shares for Rights will

be effected and, in the event of any partial exchange, the number

of Rights which will be exchanged. Any partial exchange shall be

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -56-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

effected pro rata based on the number of Rights (other than

Rights which have become void pursuant to the provisions of

Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) held by each holder of Rights.

(c) In the event that there shall not be sufficient

Common Shares issued but not outstanding, or authorized but

unissued, to permit any exchange of Rights as contemplated in

accordance with this Section 24, the Company shall use all

reasonable efforts to authorize additional Common Shares for

issuance upon exchange of the Rights.

(d) The Company shall not be required to issue

fractions of Common Shares or to distribute certificates which

evidence fractional Common Shares. In lieu of such fractional

Common Shares, the Company shall pay to the registered holders of

the Right Certificates, with regard to which such fractional

Common Shares would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash

equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a whole

Common Share. For the purposes of this subsection (d), the

current market value of a whole Common Share shall be the closing

price of a Common Share (as determined pursuant to the second

sentence of Section 11(d) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately

prior to the date of exchange pursuant to this Section 24.

Section 25. Notice of Certain Events. (a) In case

the Company shall propose (i) to pay any dividend payable in

stock of any class to the holders of Common Shares or to make any

other distribution to the holders of Common Shares (other than a

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -57-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

regular quarterly cash dividend), (ii) to offer to the holders of

Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or to purchase

any additional Common Shares or shares of stock of any class or

any other securities, rights or options, (iii) to effect any

consolidation or merger into or with, or to effect any sale or

other transfer (or to permit one or more of its Subsidiaries to

effect any sale or other transfer), in one or more transactions,

of 50% or more of the assets or earning power of the Company and

its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to, any other Person, (iv) to

effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company

or (v) to declare or pay any dividend on the Common Shares

payable in Common Shares or to effect a subdivision, combination

or consolidation of the Common Shares (by reclassification or

otherwise than by payment of dividends in Common Shares), then,

in each such case, the Company shall give to each holder of a

Right Certificate, in accordance with Section 26, a notice of

such proposed action, which shall specify the record date for the

purposes of such stock dividend, or distribution of rights or

warrants, or the date on which such reclassification,

consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation, dissolution,

or winding up is to take place and the date of participation

therein by the holders of the Common Shares if any such date is

to be fixed, and such notice shall be so given in the case of any

action covered by clause (i) or (ii) above at least 10 days prior

to the record date for determining holders of Common Shares for

purposes of such action, and in the case of any such other

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -58-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

action, at least 10 days prior to the date of the taking of such

proposed action or the date of participation therein by the

holders of the Common Shares, whichever shall be the earlier.

(b) In case the event set forth in Section 11(a)(ii)

of this Agreement shall occur, then the Company shall as soon as

practicable thereafter give to each holder of a Right

Certificate, in accordance with Section 26, a notice of the

occurrence of such event, which notice shall describe the event

and the consequences of the event to holders of Rights under

Section 11(a)(ii).

Section 26. Notices. Notices or demands authorized or

required by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights

Agent or by the holder of any Right Certificate to or on the

Company shall, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise

in this Agreement, be sufficiently given or made if personally

delivered, or if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid,

addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the

Rights Agent) as follows:

Central Maine Power Company
83 Edison Drive
Augusta, ME 04336

Attention: Chief Financial Officer

(with a concurrent copy to
William M. Finn, Esq.,
Corporate Counsel) 

Subject to the provisions of Section 21 hereof, any notice or

demand authorized or required by this Agreement to be given or

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -59-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

made by the Company or by the holder of any Right Certificate to

or on the Rights Agent shall, except to the extent expressly

provided otherwise in this Agreement, be sufficiently given or

made if personally delivered, or if sent by first-class mail,

postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in

writing with the Company) as follows:

Chemical Bank
450 West 33rd Street
New York, NY 10001

Attention: Corporate Trust Group

Notices or demands authorized or required by this Agreement to be

given or made by the Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of

any Right Certificate shall, except to the extent expressly

provided otherwise in this Agreement, be sufficiently given or

made if personally delivered, or if sent by first-class mail,

postage prepaid, addressed to such holder at the address of such

holder as shown on the registry books of the Company.

Section 27. Supplements and Amendments. The Company

may at any time and from time to time supplement or amend this

Agreement without the approval of any holders of Right

Certificates in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or

supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective

or inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any

additions, deletions or other provisions in regard to matters or

questions arising hereunder which the Company may deem necessary

or desirable, any such supplement or amendment to be evidenced by

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -60-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

a writing signed by the Company and the Rights Agent; provided,

however, that from and after such time as any Person becomes an

Acquiring Person, this Agreement shall not be amended in any

manner which could adversely affect the interests of the holders

of Rights. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company may at

any time and from time to time, prior to such time as any Person

becomes an Acquiring Person, amend this Agreement to lower the

thresholds set forth in Section 1(a) hereof from 20% to not less

than the greater of (i) any percentage greater than the largest

percentage of the outstanding Common Shares then known by the

Company to be beneficially owned by any Person together with the

Affiliates and Associates of such person (other than the Company,

any Subsidiary of the Company, any Employee Benefit Plan of the

Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any Person holding

Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan) and

(ii) 10%.

Section 28. Successors. This Agreement shall be

binding on the Company and the Rights Agent, and their respective

successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of and be

enforceable by the Company, its successors and assigns, the

Rights Agent, its successors and assigns permitted hereunder, and

the registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to

the Distribution Date, of the Common Shares).

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -61-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement. Subject to

Section 28 hereof, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed

to give to any Person or corporation other than the Company, the

Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Right Certificates

(and, prior to the Distribution Date, of the Common Shares) any

legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement

and this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of

the Company, the Rights Agent and such registered holders.

Section 30. Severability. If any term, provision, co-

venant or restriction of this Agreement or of any Right is held

by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction

or authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder

of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this

Agreement or of such Right shall remain in full force and effect

and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

Section 31. Governing Law. This Agreement and the 

Right Certificates shall be governed by and construed in

accordance with the laws of the State of Maine, except with

respect to the rights and duties of the Rights Agent, which shall

be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the

State of New York. 

Section 32. Counterparts. This Agreement may be

executed in any number of counterparts, and on separate

counterparts. Each of such counterparts shall for all purposes

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -62-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall

together constitute only one and the same instrument.

Section 33. Descriptive Headings. The headings of the

several Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience

only and shall not control or affect the meaning, scope or

construction of any of the provisions hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has

caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered and its

seal to be affixed hereto and duly attested, all as of the day

and year first above written.

CENTRAL MAINE POWER COMPANY

By: s/David T. Flanagan 
Title: President and
Chief Executive Officer

(Seal)
Attest:

s/William M. Finn 
Title: Secretary

CHEMICAL BANK

By: s/Nathan Hill 
Title: Assistant Vice President

(Seal)
Attest:

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -63-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

s/P. Hoffman 
Title: Vice President

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 -64-
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Exhibit A

Form of Right Certificate

Certificate No. R- ____ Rights

NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER OCTOBER 31, 2004 OR EARLIER IF
REDEMPTION OR EXCHANGE OCCURS. THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT
TO REDEMPTION AT $.01 PER RIGHT SUBJECT TO ADJUSTMENT
AND TO EXCHANGE ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS
AGREEMENT.

Right Certificate

CENTRAL MAINE POWER COMPANY

This certifies that __________________, or registered
assigns, is the registered owner of the number of Rights set
forth above, each of which entitles the owner thereof, subject to
the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement,
dated as of September 30, 1994 (the "Rights Agreement"), between
Central Maine Power Company, a Maine corporation (the "Company"),
and Chemical Bank (the "Rights Agent"), to purchase from the
Company at any time after the Distribution Date (as such term is
defined in the Rights Agreement) and prior to 5:00 P.M., New York
City time, on October 31, 2004 at the principal office of the
Rights Agent for transfer agency functions, or at the office of
its successor as Rights Agent, one share of common stock, par
value $5.00 per share ("Common Shares") of the Company, at a
purchase price of $40 per Common Share (the "Purchase Price"),
upon presentation and surrender of this Right Certificate with
the Form of Election to Purchase duly executed. The number of
Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate (and the number of
Common Shares which may be purchased upon exercise hereof) set
forth above, and the Purchase Price set forth above, are the
number and Purchase Price as of October 17, 1994, based on the
Common Shares as constituted at such date. As provided in the
Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price and the number of Common
Shares which may be purchased upon the exercise of the Rights
evidenced by this Right Certificate are subject to modification
and adjustment upon the happening of certain events.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 A-1
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

This Right Certificate is subject to all of the terms,
provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms,
provisions and conditions are hereby incorporated herein by
reference and made a part hereof and to which Rights Agreement
reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights,
limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities
hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the
Right Certificates. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file
at the principal executive offices of the Company and the above-
mentioned offices of the Rights Agent.

This Right Certificate, with or without other Right
Certificates, upon surrender at the principal office of the
Rights Agent for transfer agency functions, may be exchanged for
another Right Certificate or Right Certificates of like tenor and
date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like
aggregate number of Common Shares as the Rights evidenced by the
Right Certificate or Right Certificates surrendered shall have
entitled such holder to purchase. If this Right Certificate
shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled to
receive upon surrender hereof another Right Certificate or Right
Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the
Rights evidenced by this Certificate (i) may be redeemed by the
Company at a redemption price of $.01 (subject to adjustment) per
Right or (ii) may be exchanged in whole or in part for Common
Shares.

No fractional Common Shares will be issued upon the
exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby, but in lieu
thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights
Agreement.

No holder of this Right Certificate shall be entitled
to vote or receive dividends on or be deemed for any purpose the
holder of the Common Shares or of any other securities of the
Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof,
nor shall anything contained in the Rights Agreement or herein be
construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any of the
rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for
the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to
shareholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold
consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings
or other actions affecting shareholders (except as provided in
the Rights Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription
rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this
Right Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in the
Rights Agreement.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 A-2
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

This Right Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory
for any purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the
Rights Agent.

WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers
of the Company and its corporate seal. Dated as of ____________,
____.

ATTEST: CENTRAL MAINE POWER COMPANY

______________________________ By:___________________________

Countersigned:

CHEMICAL BANK

By:___________________________
Authorized Signature

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 A-3
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered holder if such
holder desires to transfer the Right Certificate.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED ____________________________________
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto_________________________
_________________________________________________________________
(Please print name and address of transferee)
_________________________________________________________________
this Right Certificate, together with all right, title and
interest therein, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and
appoint ___________________ Attorney, to transfer the within
Right Certificate on the books of the within-named Company, with
full power of substitution.

Dated: ____________________________, ____

______________________________
Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a
registered national securities exchange, a member of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or
trust company having an office or correspondent in the United
States.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights
evidenced by this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by
an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as
defined in the Rights Agreement).

_____________________________
Signature
-----------------------------------------------------------------

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 A-4
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate -- continued

FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

(To be executed if holder desires to 
exercise the Right Certificate.)

To: CENTRAL MAINE POWER COMPANY

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
______________________________ Rights represented by this Right
Certificate to purchase the Common Shares issuable upon the
exercise of such Rights and requests that certificates for such
Common Shares be issued in the name of:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

_________________________________________________________________
(Please print name and address)
_________________________________________________________________

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by
this Right Certificate, a new Right Certificate for the balance
remaining of such Rights shall be registered in the name of and
delivered to:

Please insert social security 
or other identifying number

_________________________________________________________________
(Please print name and address)
_________________________________________________________________

Date: __________________

______________________________
Signature
Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a
registered national securities exchange, a member of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or
trust company having an office or correspondent in the United
States.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 A-5
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate -- Continued
-----------------------------------------------------------------
The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights
evidenced by this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by
an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as
defined in the Rights Agreement).

_____________________________
Signature
-----------------------------------------------------------------

NOTICE

The signature in the foregoing Forms of Assignment and
Election must conform to the name as written upon the face of
this Right Certificate in every particular, without alteration or
enlargement or any change whatsoever.

In the event the certification set forth above in the
Form of Assignment or the Form of Election to Purchase, as the
case may be, is not completed, the Company and the Rights Agent
will deem the beneficial owner of the Rights evidenced by this
Right Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or
Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and such
Assignment or Election to Purchase will not be honored.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 A-6
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

Exhibit B

SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE
COMMON SHARES

On September 28, 1994, the Board of Directors of
Central Maine Power Company (the "Company") declared a dividend
of one common share purchase right (a "Right") for each
outstanding share of the common stock, par value $5.00 per share,
of the Company (the "Common Shares"). The dividend is payable to
the shareholders of record as of the close of business on October
17, 1994 (the "Record Date"). Each Right entitles the registered
holder to purchase from the Company at any time following the
Distribution Date (as defined below) one Common Share at an
initial purchase price of $40 per Common Share, subject to
adjustment (the "Purchase Price"). The description and terms of
the Rights are set forth in the Rights Agreement (the "Rights
Agreement") dated as of September 30, 1994 between the Company
and Chemical Bank, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").

Initially, the Rights will be evidenced, with respect
to any of the Common Share certificates outstanding as of the
Record Date, by such Common Share certificates. The Rights will
separate from the Common Shares upon the Distribution Date, which
shall be the earlier to occur of (i) the close of business on the
tenth day following a public announcement that a person or group
of affiliated or associated persons (collectively, a "Person")
have acquired beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares (such Person being hereinafter referred
to as an "Acquiring Person") or (ii) the close of business on the
tenth day (or such later date as may be determined by action of
the Board of Directors prior to such time as any Person becomes
an Acquiring Person) following the commencement of, or the first
public announcement of an intention of any Person to commence, a
tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would
result in such Person becoming an Acquiring Person, provided that
such Person is not the Company or any subsidiary of the Company,
any employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary of the
Company or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to
the terms of such plan. 

Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will be
evidenced by the certificates for Common Shares and will be
transferred with and only with such Common Share certificates,
(ii) new certificates for Common Shares issued after the Record
Date will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement
by reference, and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any such
certificates for Common Shares outstanding on the Record Date,
with or without a copy of this Summary of Rights being attached

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 B-1
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

thereto, will also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with the Common Shares represented thereby. As soon
as practical following the Distribution Date, separate
certificates evidencing the Rights ("Right Certificates") will be
mailed to holders of record of the Common Shares as of the close
of business on the Distribution Date and such separate Right
Certificates alone will evidence the Rights. Subject to certain
exceptions, only Common Shares issued prior to the Distribution
Date will be issued with Rights.

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution
Date and will expire on the earlier of (i) the close of business
on October 31, 2004, (ii) the time at which the Rights are
redeemed by the Company or (iii) if a Person has become an
Acquiring Person, the time at which the Rights (other than Rights
which are void as described below) are exchanged for Common
Shares at an exchange ratio of one Common Share per Right, as
adjusted by the Company (provided, however, that such exchange
may not take effect at any time after any Person becomes a
beneficial owner of 50% or more of the Common Shares then
outstanding). 

The Purchase Price payable and the number of Common
Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights are subject to
adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution in the event of
(i) a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or
reclassification of, the Common Shares, (ii) the issuance of
rights, options or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Common
Shares at a price, or securities convertible into Common Shares
at a conversion price, less than the then current market price of
the Common Shares or (iii) a distribution to all holders of the
Common Shares of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding
regular quarterly cash dividends or dividends payable in Common
Shares) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those
referred to above).

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase
Price will be required unless such adjustment would require an
increase or decrease of at least 1% in the Purchase Price. No
fractional Rights will be issued and, in lieu thereof, holders of
the Rights with regard to which such fractional Rights would
otherwise be issuable will be paid an amount in cash equal to the
same fraction of the current market value of a whole Right.

In the event, directly or indirectly, (i) the Company
consolidates with, or merges with and into, any other person,
(ii) any person consolidates with the Company, or merges with and
into the Company and the Company is the continuing or surviving
corporation of such merger and, in connection therewith, all or
part of the Common Shares is changed into or exchanged for stock
or other securities of any person (including the Company) or cash

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 B-2
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

or any other property, or (iii) the Company sells or otherwise
transfers in one or more transactions, assets or earning power
aggregating 50% or more of the assets or earning power of the
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any person
other than the Company or a wholly-owned subsidiary, proper
provision will be made so that each holder of a Right, except
Rights which previously have been voided as indicated below, will
thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof
at the then current Purchase Price of the Right, that number of
shares of common stock of the other person which at the time of
such transaction will have a market value equal to two times the
Purchase Price of the Right. 

In the event that any Person becomes an Acquiring
Person, except pursuant to an 80% Offer (as defined below),
proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right,
other than Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person or
its affiliates or associates (which will thereafter be void),
will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, that
number of Common Shares having a market value equal to two times
the exercise price of the Right. An "80% Offer" is a tender
offer whereby the Person (a) offers to acquire all the
outstanding Voting Stock of the Company held by any person other
than such Person or its affiliates for cash, (b) has received
written commitments for the full amount of the financing
necessary to consummate such tender offer from nationally
recognized lending institutions, and (c) will beneficially own
80% or more of the Voting Stock of the Company then outstanding
after consummation of such tender offer; provided that (i) the
80% Offer remains outstanding for a period of at least 45
business days, (ii) if the 80% Offer is amended to increase the
cash per share consideration paid to the Company's shareholders,
the 80% Offer will remain open for a period of at least 20
business days after it is amended (provided that in no event will
the 80% Offer have been outstanding for less than 45 business
days), (iii) if any Person announces or commences a tender offer
or exchange offer for the Common Shares or Voting Stock of the
Company where the per share consideration is higher than the
consideration being offered in the 80% Offer (a "Competing
Offer"), the 80% Offer must remain open for at least 20 business
days after the Competing Offer is announced or commenced
(provided that in no event will the 80% Offer be open for less
than 45 business days), (iv) the Person making the 80% Offer
commits in writing prior to commencement of the 80% Offer to
effect an all cash transaction following consummation of the 80%
Offer pursuant to which the remaining shareholders receive the
same cash per share price paid to acquire Common Shares in the
80% Offer, and (v) the Person making the 80% Offer commits in
writing prior to the commencement of the 80% Offer not to renew,
extend or change the terms of its original tender offer (other
than amendments in accordance with (ii) or (iii) above or to

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 B-3
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>

increase the cash per share price paid to shareholders in such
original tender offer) or to make a new tender offer for one year
after commencement of its original tender offer if its original
tender offer is not consummated and there is not commenced within
such one year period a competing all cash tender offer for all
Voting Stock of the Company in which the per share price is
higher than the per share price offered in such original tender
offer. 

Except in connection with an 80% Offer, any Rights
acquired or beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person or its
affiliates or associates will be void, and any holder of such
Rights will thereafter have no right to exercise such Rights
under any provision of the Rights Agreement.

At any time prior to a Person becoming an Acquiring
Person, the Board of Directors of the Company may redeem the then
outstanding Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $.01
per Right, subject to adjustment (the "Redemption Price"). The
redemption of the rights may be made effective at such time, on
such basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors in
its sole discretion may establish. Immediately upon any
redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will
terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to
receive the Redemption Price. 

The terms of the Rights may be amended by the Board of
Directors of the Company without the consent of the holders of
the Rights, including, prior to the Distribution Date, an
amendment to lower the threshold for an Acquiring Person from 20%
to not less than the greater of (i) any percentage greater than
the largest percentage of the outstanding Common Shares then
known by the Company to be beneficially owned by any Person and
(ii) 10%. After the Distribution Date, no such amendment may
adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Rights.

Issuance of the Common Shares upon exercise of the
Rights is subject to any necessary regulatory approvals. Until a
Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no
rights as a shareholder of the Company, including, without
limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends.

A copy of the Rights Agreement has been filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to a
Registration Statement on Form 8-A. A copy of the Rights
Agreement is available free of charge from the Company. This
summary description of the Rights does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights
Agreement, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

B 14700 00832 B14964.3 B-4
10/20/94 2:04pm<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>