<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000766738-94-000003.txt : 19940225
<IMS-HEADER>0000766738-94-000003.hdr.sgml : 19940225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000766738-94-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931123
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENICOM CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000766738
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3577
		IRS NUMBER:				510271821
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1230

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14685
		FILM NUMBER:		94512108

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14800 CONFERENCE CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		STE 400 WESTFIELDS
		CITY:			CHANTILLY
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22021-3806
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7038029200
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>GE 8-K BODY
<TEXT>
FORM 8-K
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 9, 1993

Commission File No.: 0-14685

GENICOM CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE 51 -
0271821
(State or other (I.R.S.
jurisdiction of Employer
incorporation or Identificat
organization) ion No.)

14800 Conference Center 
Drive 
Suite 400, Westfields 22021 -
Chantilly, Virginia 3806
(Address of principal (Zip Code)
executive offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (703)
802-9200

GENICOM Corporation and Subsidiaries
Form 8-K Index

<TABLE>
<S> <C> <C> <C>
Item 5. Other Events 

On December 9, 1993, the Registrant signed 
an agreement with the General Electric
Company regarding environmental matters at the Registrants Waynesboro, Virginia
facility. A copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(C) Exhibits 

10.1 Agreement with the General Electric 
Company regarding environmental matters at
the Registrants Waynesboro, Virginia
facility.

Signatu 3
res

</TABLE>

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

<TABLE>
<S> <C> <C>
GENICOM Corporation
Registrant

Date: February 23, 
1994

James C. Gale
Signature

James C. Gale
Senior Vice
President Finance
and Chief Financial
Officer

(Mr. Gale is the
Chief Financial
Officer and has been
duly authorized to
sign on behalf of
the Registrant)
</TABLE>
GENICOM Corporation and Subsidiaries

INDEX TO EXHIBITS TO FORM 8-K
FEBRUARY 23, 1994

<TABLE>
<S> <C> <C> <C> <C>
Exhibit 
Number Description Page

10.1 Agreement with the General 5 - 31
Electric Company regarding
environmental matters at the
Registrants Waynesboro,
Virginia facility.

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1 GE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
--

COOPERATION AGREEMENT

This Agreement is entered into effective as of

December 9, 1993 between GENICOM CORPORATION ("Genicom"), a

Delaware corporation, whose address is 14800 Conference Center

Drive, Suite 400, Westfields, Virginia 22021-3806, and the

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY ("GE"), a New York corporation, whose

address is 3135 Easton Turnpike, Fairfield, Connecticut 06431.

Genicom acquired a 114.88 acre manufacturing facility

in Waynesboro, Virginia ("the Facility") from GE on October 21,

1983, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement dated September 30,

1983. Genicom has made claims against GE under the Comprehensive

Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980,

as amended ("CERCLA"), for past and projected future expenditures

associated with certain Environmental Conditions (as hereinafter

defined) at the Facility. It is the desire of both parties to

resolve Genicom's claims amicably and without resort to

litigation and to ensure that the Environmental Conditions are

addressed in an appropriate manner. By entering into this

Agreement neither party admits liability to the other party or to

any third party, nor does it waive any defenses.

NOW, THEREFORE, Genicom and GE agree as follows:

I. DEFINITIONS

1. "Allocable Costs" shall mean all necessary and

appropriate costs of responding to Environmental Conditions

pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA")

corrective action program or a state corrective action program

approved by the United States Environmental Protection Agency

("EPA") pursuant to RCRA; but shall not include the costs of

fulfilling RCRA, state, or local or other federal permit or

regulatory obligations incurred as part of Genicom's normal

operations. Neither such operational permit or regulatory costs,

nor fines or penalties for such operational permit or regulatory

violations are covered by this Agreement, and none of them shall

be deemed Allocable Costs. Allocable Costs shall also mean the

basic, minimal costs necessary to comply with applicable statutes

and regulations respecting closure and post-closure care of the

Facility's two surface impoundments and two spent etchant storage

tanks pursuant to RCRA or a state program approved by EPA

pursuant to RCRA. All costs incurred pursuant to this Agreement

subsequent to the effective date of this Agreement shall be

deemed Allocable Costs. Costs incurred prior to the effective

date of this Agreement and subsequent to October 21, 1983, shall

be Allocable Costs only to the extent that Genicom establishes

that such costs were consistent with the requirements of the

National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan,

40 C.F.R. Part 300 ("NCP"). Allocable Costs shall not include

legal fees or compensation for time spent by employees of Genicom

or GE.

2. "Environmental Conditions" means all releases of CERCLA

hazardous substances or releases of RCRA hazardous wastes or

hazardous constituents from solid waste management units

("SWMUs") or Additional Potential Sources of Contamination

("APSCs"), as that term is defined in the RCRA Facility

Investigation Workplan submitted to EPA by Genicom on January 15,

1991, at or from the Facility identified now or in the future in

connection with work conducted pursuant to the Initial

Administrative Order issued by EPA Region III on August 10, 1990,

Docket No. RCRA-III-036-CA, which became effective September 15,

1990 (the "Corrective Action Order"), and any subsequent orders

or remedial measures resulting from complying with such order or

orders; provided, however, that releases or threatened releases,

or conditions that arise from any such releases or threatened

releases, which occur after the effective date of this Agreement

shall not be included in the term "Environmental Conditions."

3. "Facility" means the 114.88 acre parcel of land,

including buildings and other fixtures, located at Genicom Drive,

Waynesboro, Virginia, that was conveyed to Genicom by GE on

October 21, 1983, together with improvements, if any, made

subsequent to the conveyance.

II. OBJECTIVES

4. It is the objective of the parties:

(a) To undertake the RCRA Facility Investigation/

Corrective Measures Study ("RFI/CMS") pursuant to the

Corrective Action Order;

(b) To identify and implement any corrective action

selected pursuant to such RFI/CMS identified above and

required by governmental authorities having jurisdiction;

(c) To develop and implement all federal and state

RCRA plans and permit applications necessary for closure and

post-closure of the two surface impoundments and two spent

etchant storage tanks in accordance with applicable law and

regulations and as required by governmental authorities

having jurisdiction; and

(d) To establish a final and binding allocation of

Allocable Costs among the parties, and to resolve all claims

which the parties may have against each other on account of

the Environmental Conditions.

III. PROJECT MANAGEMENT

5. GE shall have authority to make all final

determinations concerning, and shall conduct and/or control the

conduct of, the work necessary to accomplish the objectives

stated above in Section II, Paragraphs 4(a), (b), and (c). GE

may delegate to Genicom, either permanently or temporarily, in

whole or in part, the authority given to GE pursuant to the

preceding sentence; provided, however, that GE shall provide

sufficient notice to Genicom to allow for an orderly transition

of authority to Genicom. GE may communicate such delegation of

authority verbally, but shall confirm delegation of a significant

aspect of the work in writing. To the extent authority for any

aspect of the work is delegated, the parties shall cooperate to

minimize duplication of effort.

6. If GE delegates its authority to conduct and/or

contract to conduct all or a significant aspect of the work

necessary to accomplish one or more of the objectives stated

above in Section II, Paragraphs 4(a), (b) and/or (c), Genicom

shall then have authority to make all final determinations

concerning, and shall conduct and/or control the conduct of, such

delegated work. GE shall be provided with the opportunity to

review and comment on all submittals pertaining to such work, and

shall be afforded the opportunity to participate fully in any and

all activities undertaken by Genicom. GE shall have the right to

approve all consultants and contractors selected by Genicom to

perform the delegated work prior to such persons being retained

by Genicom. To the extent practicable, such consultants and

contractors shall be jointly retained by Genicom and GE. GE

acknowledges and agrees that it has approved Law Environmental,

Inc. ("LEI") as the consultant retained by Genicom for purposes

of obtaining the necessary approvals for the closure plan.

7. Genicom shall provide unrestricted access to the

Facility to GE and its agents, consultants, employees and

contractors for the purpose of carrying out the terms of this

Agreement, provided that GE and its agents, consultants,

employees and contractors shall endeavor not to interfere with

the normal operation of the Facility. GE shall hold in

confidence and shall not use for any purpose any information

concerning Genicom's business but unrelated to the subject matter

of this Agreement which may come into GE's possession by virtue

of such access. GE shall provide Genicom reasonable notice of

visits to the Facility and to the extent possible, shall schedule

visits during normal hours of operation at the Facility.

IV. CONTRACTORS

8. GE shall select and retain all consultants and other

contractors that will perform work pursuant to this Agreement;

provided, however, that if practicable, such persons shall be

jointly retained, and provided, further, that Genicom shall

select and retain consultants and other contractors if GE

delegates to it authority to do so pursuant to Paragraph 6, or

the Post-Remedy Cash-Out occurs pursuant to Paragraph 18, below.

Unless otherwise barred by contractual confidentiality

requirements, GE shall provide to Genicom copies of agreements

and/or work orders with such consultants and contractors. If GE

decides to replace Genicom's present consultant, LEI, such

replacement shall be accomplished in a manner that does not

interfere with Genicom's compliance with the deadlines and other

requirements of the Corrective Action Order or with the closure

plan referenced above in Paragraph 4(c).

9. Within ten (10) days after the effective date of this

Agreement, GE shall be provided access at the offices of LEI to

LEI's complete file relating to the Facility. Thereafter, GE

shall have full access to LEI and its personnel, and to all data

and analyses produced by LEI.

V. COST ALLOCATION

10. GE agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Genicom, its

officers, directors, employees and agents from any RCRA civil

liability incurred by them under the state or federal RCRA

program to the extent caused by GE's performance of, or failure

to perform its obligations hereunder including, without

limitation, any civil penalties imposed upon Genicom, to the

extent caused by GE's performance of or failure to perform its

obligations hereunder. GE further agrees, to the extent

reasonably practicable and appropriate, to restore the Facility

to its present general appearance following its performance

hereunder. The parties agree that the limitations on the

foregoing agreement of indemnity are not intended to, and shall

not, limit GE's liability, if any, in the event that Genicom

seeks to recover damages resulting from or be reimbursed for any

expenses, fines or penalties incurred by it as a result of GE's

performance of or failure to perform its obligations under this

Agreement.

If GE delegates authority to Genicom pursuant to paragraph 5

to perform aspects of the work hereunder or, if the Post-Remedy

Cash-Out occurs pursuant to paragraph 18, Genicom agrees to

indemnify and hold harmless GE, its officers, directors,

employees and agents from any RCRA civil liability incurred by

them under the state or federal RCRA program to the extent caused

by Genicom's performance of, or failure to perform the delegated

work including, without limitation, any civil penalties imposed

upon GE, to the extent caused by Genicom's performance of or

failure to perform the delegated work. The parties agree that

the limitations on the foregoing agreement of indemnity are not

intended to, and shall not, limit Genicom's liability, if any, in

the event that GE seeks to recover damages resulting from, or be

reimbursed for any expenses, fines or penalties incurred by it as

a result of Genicom's performance of or failure to perform the

delegated work.

11. GE shall fund seventy (70) percent and Genicom shall

fund thirty (30) percent of Allocable Costs (hereinafter referred

to respectively as GE's and Genicom's "Allocated Shares"). The

foregoing cost allocation is intended to be final and binding

upon both parties subject to the following: If the information

provided to GE pursuant to Paragraphs 9 and 19 hereof discloses

that Genicom was substantially responsible for the Environmental

Conditions at the Facility, and if GE notifies Genicom of the

same, accompanied by a detailed explanation of its basis for

making this determination, within ninety (90) days after all of

the information required to be made available to GE pursuant to

Paragraphs 9 and 19 hereof has been made available, the parties

will meet for the purpose of negotiating appropriate amendments

to this Agreement. Until such amendments are agreed to by the

parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect; provided,

however, that this Agreement shall terminate and become null and

void if the parties do not agree on appropriate amendments within

sixty (60) days after GE's notice to Genicom pursuant to this

Paragraph.

12. Failure by either party to fund its Allocated Share on

a current basis shall constitute a breach of this Agreement and

such breach shall immediately suspend the other party's

obligations hereunder, including without limitation the other

party's obligations to perform the work or to fund its Allocated

Share. In addition, the non-breaching party's payment

obligations with respect to its indemnity obligations under

Paragraph 10 shall also be suspended until such breach has been

cured.

VI. BILLING AND PAYMENT

13. On the effective date of this Agreement, GE shall pay

$350,000 to Genicom as an advance toward GE's obligation to pay

its Allocated Share of Allocable Costs incurred by Genicom prior

to this Agreement. GE shall expeditiously review all claims

submitted by Genicom for Allocable Costs incurred by Genicom

prior to this Agreement. To the extent that during its review,

GE believes that Genicom has provided insufficient documentation

or explanation of such costs, GE shall identify to Genicom the

information necessary for GE to determine whether such costs are

Allocable Costs and Genicom shall promptly provide all requested

additional data, if available, to GE. Within 120 days after

receipt of such claims or the effective date of this Agreement,

whichever is later, GE shall either pay its Allocated Share of

such claims to Genicom or, to the extent that GE is unwilling to

pay such claims on the basis that claimed costs are not Allocable

Costs, or that GE has insufficient information to make a

determination, GE shall provide Genicom with a detailed

explanation of its position. GE shall promptly pay its Allocated

Share of all claimed costs other than any costs which GE

maintains are not Allocable Costs.

14. If Genicom and GE cannot agree on whether pre-Agreement

costs claimed by Genicom are Allocable Costs, as its exclusive

remedy, either party may invoke the procedures established below

in Paragraph 26.

15. In the case of activities undertaken by consultants or

other contractors, each party shall directly pay its Allocated

Share of the contract costs to the contractor. To the extent

that a consultant or contractor allows a discount to one of the

parties, that party shall use its best efforts to cause such

discount to be made available to the other party as well, but, so

long as it uses its best efforts, it shall not be responsible for

discounts not granted to the other party, and it shall have no

obligation to share with the other party any discount granted to

it.

VII. DEALINGS WITH GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES

16. (a) Unless GE delegates authority to Genicom pursuant

to paragraph 6 or the Post-Remedy Cash-Out occurs pursuant

to paragraph 18, the following provisions shall apply: GE

shall have authority to control and make final

determinations respecting all dealings with governmental

authorities concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.

GE shall have the right to take the lead in all telephone

conferences and meetings with governmental authorities which

relate to the subject matter of this Agreement and shall

have the right to specify the content of all written

communications with such authorities and all negotiating

strategies for use with such authorities, concerning the

subject matter of this Agreement. Either party may be

represented in any telephone conference or meeting in which

it is entitled to participate by its employees, contractors

or attorneys. Genicom will not initiate any telephone

conferences or meetings with governmental authorities for

the purpose of discussing matters within the scope of this

Agreement without first informing GE of its intent to do so,

providing GE an opportunity to participate, reviewing the

proposed agenda with GE and receiving GE's approval. To the

extent practicable, GE shall afford Genicom an opportunity

to participate in such telephone conferences or meetings.

(b) If GE delegates authority to Genicom pursuant to

paragraph 6 for a portion of the work involving dealings

with governmental authorities or if the Post-Remedy Cash-Out

occurs pursuant to paragraph 18, the following provisions

apply: Genicom shall take the lead in dealings with

governmental authorities that relate directly to authority

delegated pursuant to paragraph 6 or to post-remedy work in

the event of a Cash-Out under paragraph 18. Genicom shall

take the lead in all telephone conferences and meetings it

initiates with governmental authorities which relate to the

delegated authority or post-remedy work; provided, however, that

Genicom shall afford GE an opportunity to participate in

such telephone conferences or meetings. GE may also

initiate telephone conferences or meetings with governmental

authorities concerning delegated authority or post remedy

work, if necessary, but shall afford Genicom the opportunity

to participate in such telephone conferences or meetings.

Genicom shall take the lead in developing written

communications to and negotiating strategies with

governmental authorities, subject to GE's rights to review

submittals and participate fully in any and all activities

undertaken by Genicom pertaining to the delegated authority

in accordance with paragraph 6 of this Agreement.

(c) Each party shall promptly inform the other of any

communication from a governmental authority regarding the

subject matter of this Agreement to which the other party is

not privy.

17. Genicom shall be responsible for providing, and

promptly at GE's direction shall provide, all necessary

certifications, including without limitation, RCRA manifests, to

governmental authorities, including without limitation the

Commonwealth of Virginia and EPA, respecting any and all work

performed pursuant to this Agreement.

VIII. POST-REMEDY CASH-OUT

18. (a) After the work contemplated by Paragraphs 4(b) and

(c), above, is completed, GE will be afforded an opportunity

to make a single lump sum payment (the "Post-Remedy Cash-Out

Payment") to Genicom which will constitute full performance

and satisfaction of any obligations GE may have hereunder to

perform operation, maintenance or monitoring required under

the Corrective Action Order or the post-closure permit. The

Post-Remedy Cash-Out Payment, which shall be calculated

after all work required by the corrective action and closure

plans is completed, shall be seventy (70) percent of the

present value at that time of the cost of the post-remedy

operation, maintenance and monitoring work. The assumptions

upon which the Post-Remedy Cash-Out Payment is calculated

shall be identified in writing by the parties, but the Post-

Remedy Cash-Out Payment shall not be subject to adjustment

if any of those assumptions proves to be incorrect. If the

parties cannot agree on the amount of the Post-Remedy Cash-

Out Payment, that amount shall be determined by the

procedures established below in Paragraph 26.

(b) The making of the Post-Remedy Cash-Out Payment by

GE pursuant to subparagraph (a) above shall not release GE

from future contingent liability hereunder for future work

related to the Environmental Conditions, on account of

unforeseen future risks, remedy failure or otherwise.

However, at the same time that the Post-Remedy Cash-Out

Payment is under consideration, the parties will use their

best efforts, in good faith, also to agree on a separate

amount which GE may pay to Genicom in exchange for a release

of future contingent liability on the part of GE, if any,

for future work related to the Environmental Conditions, on

account of unforeseen future risks, remedy failure or

otherwise. It is understood that the parties shall not be

obligated to reach agreement with respect to such separate

amount and, if they are unable to do so, no dispute

resolution procedures shall be invoked.

IX. INFORMATION SHARING

19. Genicom shall preserve all existing studies, records,

documents and reports in its or its agents', attorneys' or

consultants' possession, custody or control containing

information relevant to Environmental Conditions. Within thirty

(30) days after execution of this Agreement, Genicom shall make

available to GE for inspection and, to the extent requested by

GE, copying, at the Facility all such studies, records, documents

and reports; provided, however, that Genicom shall not be

required to make available multiple identical copies of the same

document.

20. The parties agree to enter into the Joint Privilege

Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A. Any information obtained

or received by Genicom or GE pursuant to this Agreement shall be

subject to the Joint Privilege Agreement and shall not be

released or otherwise disclosed to any person or entity not a

party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any

governmental authority, but not including the parties' attorneys

or consultants who agree to be bound by the non-disclosure

provisions in this Agreement and by the Joint Privilege

Agreement), unless required by law. Before any such legally

compelled disclosure to a third party, the non-disclosing party

shall be provided with sufficient advance notice so as to be

afforded an opportunity to move to prevent such disclosure.

21. Records considered confidential by a party shall not be

withheld for that reason, but shall be made available to the

other party on a confidential basis to be disclosed internally

only on a "need to know" basis; provided, however, that

legitimate claims of attorney-client privilege, attorney work

product protection and other applicable immunities from discovery

shall not be abrogated. Each party shall maintain all documents

or copies of documents received from the other party in a secure

location.

22. Genicom shall have lead responsibility for responding

to or initiating any communications with the news media or the

public regarding activities under this Agreement. Both parties

acknowledge that Genicom has issued a public announcement

("initial press release") concerning this Agreement. The parties

shall also develop, review and approve a question/answer summary

("press summary") to be used in responding to inquiries from

third parties concerning this Agreement. For any communications

which differ from the initial press release or press summary GE

shall have the right to review and approve in advance the content

of such communications. GE shall have the right and opportunity

to review and approve in advance all written communications with

the news media by Genicom. Each party shall promptly inform the

other of any communication from the news media regarding

activities under this Agreement.

23. Any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary

notwithstanding, Genicom agrees that, promptly following the

execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto,

it will make full and complete public disclosure of the terms

hereof, the environmental situation to which this Agreement

pertains and any material related matters known to it, all as and

to the extent and in the manner required by applicable laws,

rules and regulations (including, without limitation, the

provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States

including Staff Accounting Bulletin 92). Genicom further agrees

that, so long as GE or any of its affiliates owns any stock of

Genicom, it will take all necessary steps in a timely fashion to

maintain compliance with the disclosure requirements of the

aforesaid laws, rules and regulations with regard to the

foregoing matters. Notwithstanding the foregoing (including,

without limitation, Section 22 hereof), it is understood and

agreed that GE shall not be responsible for, and shall have no

obligations or liability with respect to, such disclosure or any

acts or omissions on the part of Genicom with respect thereto.

24. The provisions of this Article shall supersede all

earlier confidentiality agreements between the parties relating

to the subject matter of this Agreement.

X. EXCLUSIVE REMEDY

25. This Agreement is the parties' exclusive recourse for

addressing among themselves the Environmental Conditions.

Neither party may maintain a claim or pursue an action against

the other concerning the Environmental Conditions, except as may

be necessary to enforce this Agreement, or for Genicom or GE to

recover damages or other amounts for which it is entitled to be

reimbursed in actions of the type contemplated by the last

sentence of Paragraph 10. Except as provided herein, the parties

release and covenant not to sue each other from and for all

claims or liabilities concerning environmental conditions or

environmental contamination of any kind at or originating from

the Facility, including without limitation claims arising under

CERCLA, state or local statutory equivalents, and the common law;

provided however, that the foregoing release and covenant not to

sue does not apply to CERCLA claims for hazardous substances

shipped to an off-site facility.

26. The parties agree that any disputes among them under

this Agreement shall be resolved in the following manner, which

shall be the parties' exclusive method for dealing with such

disputes. Each party shall appoint two persons to a joint

committee for the resolution of the dispute. The parties shall

use their best efforts to resolve their differences through the

committee. However, if the parties are unable to reach agreement

within sixty (60) days after the submission of a dispute to the

committee, then, as its exclusive remedy, either party may take

the dispute to final and binding arbitration under the rules of

the American Arbitration Association pursuant to the Virginia

Arbitration Act, Va. Code Ann. 8.01-577, et seq. (1992 Repl.

Vol.).

XI. APPLICABLE LAW

27. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in

accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without

regard to the principles governing conflicts of laws.

XII. WAIVER

28. No waiver by either party of any default by the other

party in the performance of any requirement of this Agreement

shall be deemed a waiver of, or in any manner release such other

party from performance of any other requirement; nor shall such

waiver be deemed to be a waiver of, or in any manner a release

of, such other party from future performance of the same

requirement. Any delay or omission of either party in the

exercise of any right hereunder shall not impair the future

exercise of any similar right. No waiver of a right created by

this Agreement by one party shall constitute a waiver of such

right by the other party.

XIII. SEVERABILITY

29. Should any provision of this Agreement be deemed

unenforceable for any reason, the remainder of this Agreement

shall continue in effect so long as the purpose of this Agreement

is not nullified by the absence of such provision.

XIV. ASSIGNABILITY

30. Any legal entity which shall succeed by purchase,

merger or consolidation to substantially all of the assets of

either party shall be entitled to the rights and subject to the

obligations of such party under this Agreement. In addition, any

legal entity which shall assume ownership of the Facility may be

assigned the rights and obligations of Genicom under this

Agreement, if GE consents in writing to such assignment. Each

party covenants to the other that it shall cause the surviving

corporation in any such merger, or the successor owner of such

assets or the Facility, as applicable, (the "New Owner") to enter

into a written agreement with the other party hereto (not later

than the effective time of such merger or sale) pursuant to which

the New Owner shall expressly agree to be bound by the terms of

this Agreement (including without limitation Section 25 hereof)

to the same extent and as if such New Owner had been an initial

party to the Agreement. The provisions of the preceding sentence

shall apply to each successor New Owner. Either party may assign

all or a portion of its rights and obligations hereunder to a

corporation with which it is affiliated at the time of such

assignment, provided, however, that such assignment will not

relieve such party of its obligations under this Agreement

without the express written approval of the other party, which

approval shall not unreasonably be withheld. GE acknowledges

that Genicom has granted a security interest in its contract

rights to CIT Group/Credit Finance, Inc. pursuant to the terms of

a Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 25, 1990, as

amended, and this Agreement is subject to such security interest.

This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the

benefit of the respective permitted successors and assigns of the

parties.

XV. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS

31. Except as expressly provided herein, each party

reserves all rights, claims and defenses otherwise available to

it, and neither party by entering into this Agreement admits

liability or undertakes any obligations to any third party.

XVI. NO JOINT VENTURE

32. This Agreement is solely for the purposes specified

herein, and under no circumstances will the performance of this

Agreement place GE in operation or control of the Facility,

except as otherwise expressly agreed in writing, nor do the

parties intend to create any joint venture or agency relationship

between themselves.

XVII. GENERAL

33. This Agreement reflects the entire agreement between

the parties and supersedes all prior agreements related to the

same subject matter. This Agreement can be amended, restated or

supplemented only by the written agreement of both parties.

34. The headings contained in this Agreement are for

reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or

interpretation of this Agreement.

XVIII. NOTICES

35. Any notices, correspondence or other written

communications relating in any way to the terms of this Agreement

or the work to be performed hereunder shall be sent by U.S. Mail

or courier service to the following persons:

Genicom

Mr. James C. Gale

CFO and Senior Vice President
Genicom Corporation
14800 Conference Center Drive
Suite 400
Westfields, Virginia 22021-3806
Telephone: (703) 802-9200
Telecopier: (703) 802-9039

with a copy to:

Jane Whitt Sellers, Esquire
McGuire, Woods, Battle & Boothe
One James Center
Richmond, Virginia 23219
Telephone: (804) 775-1054
Telecopier: (804) 775-1061

GE

Mr. Stephen P. Cline
General Electric Co.
Corporate Environmental Programs
640 Freedom Business Center
P.O. Box 1561
King of Prussia, PA 19406
Telephone: (215) 992-7968
Telecopier: (215) 992-7898

with copies to:

Kirk R. Macfarlane, Esquire
General Electric Co.
Corporate Environmental Programs
640 Freedom Business Center
P.O. Box 1561
King of Prussia, PA 19406
Telephone: (215) 992-7976
Telecopier: (215) 992-7898

Langley R. Shook, Esquire
Sidley & Austin
1722 Eye Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20006
Telephone: (202) 736-8197
Telecopier: (202) 736-8711

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be

executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date

first set forth above.

GENICOM CORPORATION

By: _____________________

__________________________ Title: __________________
Witness

GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY

By: _____________________

__________________________ Title: __________________
Witness
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1 - EXHIBIT A
<TEXT>
--

JOINT PRIVILEGE AGREEMENT

This Joint Privilege Agreement is entered into by and among the

undersigned counsel on behalf of their respective clients.

WHEREAS, Genicom Corporation ("Genicom") and General Electric

Company ("GE") have entered into a Cooperation Agreement for the purpose of

characterizing and assessing certain Environmental Conditions at a

manufacturing facility in Waynesboro, Virginia, which Genicom acquired from

GE in 1983 ("the Facility"), and identifying and implementing necessary

remedial actions for the Environmental Conditions which may be required by

governmental authorities, including the United States Environmental

Protection Agency ("EPA");

WHEREAS, the undersigned counsel believe that their clients have

a mutuality of interest in jointly investigating and considering the facts

and law pertaining to the on-going EPA proceeding under the Resource

Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA") and any related actions or state or

federal proceedings concerning the Environmental Conditions at the facility

(collectively the "on-going RCRA proceeding and related matters");

EXHIBIT A

WHEREAS, the undersigned counsel wish to continue to pursue their

separate but common interests, and to avoid any suggestion of waiver of the

confidentiality of privileged communications and documents;

WHEREAS, it is the intention and understanding of the undersigned

that communications among and between the undersigned and any joint

interviews of prospective witnesses or any interviews obtained by any

counsel who is a party to this agreement with the knowledge, consent, and

on behalf of the other counsel who are parties to the agreement, are

confidential and are protected from disclosure to any third party by our

clients' attorney-client privilege, our own attorney work-product privilege

and other applicable privileges (collectively "privileges");

WHEREAS, the undersigned have mutually concluded that the

respective interests of our clients will be best served by a common and

joint legal effort with respect to the on-going RCRA proceeding and related

matters;

WHEREAS, in order to pursue a joint legal effort effectively, we

have also concluded that, from time to time, the mutual interests of our

respective clients may be best served by sharing documents, factual

material, mental impressions,

memoranda, interview reports, and other information, including the

confidences of each client, all of which will hereinafter be referred to as

"joint privilege materials";

WHEREAS, in the absence of such sharing, these joint privilege

materials would be privileged from disclosure to adverse or other parties

as a result of one or more of the privileges; and

WHEREAS, it is the purpose of this agreement to ensure that the

exchanges and disclosures of joint privilege materials contemplated herein

do not diminish in any way the confidentiality of the joint privilege

materials and do not constitute a waiver of any privilege otherwise

available;

NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

Each of the undersigned may obtain and provide joint privilege

materials to any, some, or all other signatories to this agreement, and

that joint privilege materials so obtained by any of the undersigned

counsel shall remain confidential and shall be protected from disclosure to

any third party except as provided herein.

Any joint privilege materials shall be used solely in connection

with the on-going RCRA proceeding and related matters.

Neither we nor our clients will disclose joint privilege

materials, or the contents thereof, to anyone except our respective

clients, attorneys within our firms, or our employees or agents, without

first obtaining the consent of all counsel who are then parties to this

agreement. It is expressly understood that nothing contained herein shall

limit the right of any counsel to disclose any documents or information

obtained from that counsel's client or any information that has been

independently obtained by such counsel.

All persons permitted access to joint privilege materials shall

be specifically advised that the joint privilege materials are privileged

and subject to the terms of this agreement.

We the undersigned will not disclose any joint privilege

materials received from other parties hereto to any counsel who is not a

party to this agreement until such time as the latter has signed a copy of

this agreement and such time as counsel providing the joint privilege

materials consents to such disclosure in writing.

If any other person or entity requests or demands, by subpoena or

otherwise, any joint privilege materials from any of the undersigned or

their clients, that counsel will immediately notify all counsel who are

parties to this agreement whose clients or who themselves may have rights

in said materials, and each counsel so notified will take all steps

necessary to permit the assertion of all applicable rights and privileges

with respect to said joint privilege materials and shall cooperate fully

with all other undersigned counsel in any judicial proceeding relating to

the disclosure of joint privilege materials.

In the event any of the undersigned counsel determines that his

or her client no longer has, or no longer will have, mutuality of interest

in a joint legal effort, he or she will promptly notify the other

undersigned counsel of his or her withdrawal from this agreement, and will

return to the appropriate party all joint privilege materials received

pursuant to this agreement (and destroy all copies), and this agreement

thereupon will be terminated as to that client; provided, however, that no

such termination shall in any event affect or impair the obligations of

confidentiality with respect to joint privilege materials previously

furnished pursuant to this agreement including, without limitation, the

notice obligations set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph.

This agreement memorializes an earlier oral understanding and

agreement between the undersigned pursuant to which joint privilege

materials have been exchanged.

This agreement may be signed in counterparts.

ON BEHALF OF ON BEHALF OF
GENICOM CORORATION GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY

_________________________ _________________________
Jane Whitt Sellers Langley R. Shook
McGuire, Woods, Battle & Sidley & Austin
Boothe 1722 Eye Street, N.W.
One James Center Washington, D.C. 20006
901 East Cary Street
Richmond, VA 23219-4030
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>