<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000002852-94-000014.txt : 19940824
<IMS-HEADER>0000002852-94-000014.hdr.sgml : 19940824
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000002852-94-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940802
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940823

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGWAY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000002852
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5171
		IRS NUMBER:				150277720
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	002-22791
		FILM NUMBER:		94545636

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 BUTTERNUT DR
		CITY:			DEWITT
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			13214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3154496431
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>8K-CURTIS BURNS/PRO-FAC
<TEXT>
<PAGE>1 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
----------------------

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) August 2, 1994

AGWAY INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 2-22791 15-0277720
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer
of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

333 Butternut Drive, DeWitt, New York 13214
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (315) 449-6431

<PAGE>2 

Item 5. Other Events

One of Agway Inc.'s significant investments, Curtice Burns Foods, Inc., 
has filed a Form 8-K as of August 2, 1994, to disclose certain events 
related to the proposed sale of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. A copy of 
that Form 8-K is attached.

Agway Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary Agway Holdings, Inc. 
("AHI"), owns approximately 34% of the outstanding common stock of 
Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. AHI's ownership consists of 13% of the Class A 
common stock and 99% of the Class B common stock. The Class A common 
stock is publicly traded on the American Stock Exchange. Agway Inc., 
through its ownership of the Class B common stock, is entitled to elect 
70% of the Board of Directors of Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. 

<PAGE>3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf 
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AGWAY INC. 
(Registrant)

Date August 23, 1994 By /s/ PETER J. O'NEILL
------------------------ -----------------------------
Peter J. O'Neill
Senior Vice President
Corporate Finance and Control
(Principal Financial Officer and
Chief Accounting Officer)

<PAGE>1

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K 

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report August 2, 1994 
(Date of earliest event reported) 

CURTICE-BURNS FOODS, INC. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

New York 1-7605 16-0845824 
(State or other juris- (Commission (IRS Employer 
diction of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.) 

90 Linden Place, P.O. Box 681 
Rochester, NY 14603 
(Address of principal executive offices) 

(716) 383-1850 
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

<PAGE>2 

Item 5. Other Events 

As previously announced, on July 11, 1994, the 
Company commenced arbitration proceedings against Pro-Fac 
Cooperative, Inc. ("Pro-Fac") under the Integrated 
Agreement. The Company's Demand for Arbitration is attached 
as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K dated July 11, 1994. 
On August 2, 1994, the Company filed a petition in the 
Supreme Court of New York for an order compelling Pro-Fac to 
proceed with the arbitration. 

On August 4, 1994, Pro-Fac served the Company with 
Pro-Fac's Response and Counterdemand for Arbitration, a copy 
of which is attached as Exhibit 1 hereto (the "Response"). 
In the Response, Pro-Fac asserted (1) that Pro-Fac is 
entitled to a 50% share of the profits from the consummation 
of the pending acquisition proposal from Dean Foods Company 
("Dean"), which share Pro-Fac calculates to be greater than 
$5.75 per share, (2) that the Company cannot terminate the 
Integrated Agreement until, at the earliest, June 1996, 
(3) that the book value of Pro-Fac's assets for the purposes 
of calculating the price at which the Company may buy those 
assets and terminate the Integrated Agreement should not 
take into account specified writedowns by the Company of 
those assets, (4) that the Company is in default under the 
Integrated Agreement for improper termination of crops and 
(5) that the Company is in default under the Integrated 
Agreement for failing to manage the business of Pro-Fac. 
Pro-Fac also claimed damages that it estimated at more than 
$50 million. In the Response, Pro-Fac also generally denied 
the Company's allegations in its Demand for Arbitration. 

The Company believes that Pro-Fac's allegations 
are without merit and intends to resist them vigorously. 

On August 5, 1994, and August 9, 1994, the Company 
received letters from Pro-Fac setting forth a proposal by 
Pro-Fac to acquire all the outstanding common stock of the 
Company for $19 per share in cash. Copies of the letters 
from Pro-Fac are attached as Exhibits 2 and 3 hereto. The 
Company does not expect to take any definitive action with 
respect to the Pro-Fac proposal until a number of 
contingencies involved in the proposal have been clarified 
or resolved. A copy of the Company's press release relating 
to the Pro-Fac proposal is attached as Exhibit 4 hereto. 

<PAGE>3 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned 
hereunto duly authorized. 

CURTICE-BURNS FOODS, INC. 

Date: August 12, 1994 By: /s/ J. William Petty 
J. William Petty, President 
and Chief Executive Officer 

<PAGE>4 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Response and Counterdemand for Arbitration by 
Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc. dated August 3, 1994 . . . . 1 

Letter from Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc., dated 
August 4, 1994 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 

Letter from Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc., dated 
August 9, 1994 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 

Press release dated August 12, 1994 . . . . . . . . . . . 4 

<PAGE>5 

EXHIBIT 1 

------------------------------- 

In the matter of an 
arbitration between 

CURTICE BURNS FOODS, INC., 

Claimant, 

-against- 

PRO-FAC COOPERATIVE, INC., 

Respondent and 
Counterclaimant. 

------------------------------- 

RESPONSE AND COUNTERDEMAND FOR ARBITRATION 
BY PRO-FAC COOPERATIVE, INC. 

Pro-Fac Cooperative Inc. ("Pro-Fac") submits this 

response and counterdemand to the demand for arbitration by 

Curtice-Burns Foods, Inc. ("Curtice-Burns") dated July 8, 

1994. 

Basic Facts 

1. Pro-Fac and Curtice-Burns were formed as a 

joint enterprise in 1961 (the "Enterprise") and have 

operated continuously since that time. The general terms of 

the Enterprise are set forth in an Integrated Agreement 

between them, which has been amended and restated from time 

to time (the "Agreement"). A copy of the Agreement is 

attached as Exhibit A. The terms of the Enterprise have 

also been supplemented and interpreted by the operating 

<PAGE>6 

experience and practice of the parties working together 

under the Agreement for over thirty years. 

2. The Enterprise was organized by Agway Inc., a 

farmers' supply cooperative ("Agway"), which owns nearly all 

the class B shares of Curtice-Burns entitling it to elect 

70% of the Curtice-Burns board of directors. Agway thereby 

controls Curtice-Burns. 

3. In the operation of the Enterprise, Curtice- 

Burns, a food processor, receives investment capital and 

other financing from Pro-Fac, a farmers' cooperative with 

over 700 members. Pro-Fac bears the typical risks and 

enjoys the rewards of an equity investment: Pro-Fac profits 

from the success of the Enterprise and shares with Curtice- 

Burns its losses. Pro-Fac and Curtice-Burns each also 

benefit from, respectively, a steady market for, and supply 

of, the crops used in Curtice-Burns products. 

4. Both Curtice-Burns's shareholders and the 

members of Pro-Fac have invested substantial equity in the 

Enterprise. The Curtice-Burns shareholders, including 

Agway, have equity of approximately $80 million in the 

Enterprise. The Pro-Fac members have approximately $150 

million in equity invested in the Enterprise. This includes 

approximately $80 million of common equity, referred to in 

the Agreement as Pro-Fac's "deemed equity" in Curtice-Burns. 

<PAGE>7 

Pro-Fac also uses its long term borrowing capacity to pass 

through low cost financing from the federal farm credit 

system. 

5. Pro-Fac provides this capital, totalling 

approximately $297 million as of June 1994, through its 

deemed equity, loans, purchase and ownership of facilities 

and intangibles, and deferrals of crop payments. 

6. The Agreement includes complicated formulas to 

determine the profit split of the Enterprise but primarily 

allocates profit and losses in proportion to the deemed 

equity of Pro-Fac and Curtice-Burns's shareholders' equity. 

The Boards of Directors of both companies annually have 

agreed, as permitted under Section 51(d) of the Agreement, 

to split the profits and losses on a 50-50 basis. 

7. Under the Agreement, Curtice-Burns is charged 

with managing Pro-Fac. It thereby assumes fiduciary duties 

to Pro-Fac in addition to its duties to its Class A and 

Class B shareholders. Over the years, Curtice-Burns has 

recommended and managed Pro-Fac's investments and managed 

the Enterprise as a whole with the goal of balancing both 

current income and long-term growth for Pro-Fac as well as 

the Curtice-Burns shareholders. Pro-Fac's reasonable 

expectation in acquiescing in the recommended investments 

and in allowing Curtice-Burns to manage Pro-Fac was that 

<PAGE>8 

Pro-Fac would get its fair return, both currently and long- 

term, from these investments. 

8. As the businesses evolved, Curtice-Burns 

expanded into food processing areas not directly relevant to 

Pro-Fac farmers, such as meat snacks and chili. Pro-Fac 

continued to accede to the investments as requested by 

Curtice-Burns, purchasing these facilities in Pro-Fac's own 

name and providing the initial capital, as well as much of 

the working capital, in exchange for half of the profits and 

losses of the Enterprise. 

9. The arrangement has been commonly 

characterized by Curtice-Burns as a joint venture, including 

in recent speeches and letters by the Chief Executive 

Officer of Curtice-Burns. (Examples of these are attached 

as Exhibit B.) The Agreement itself in some places refers 

to the venture as a "financing" arrangement and in others 

refers to Pro-Fac's equity investment; it also states that 

the arrangement is not a "partnership". These 

characterizations were intended to comply with definitions 

of those terms in tax law, and particularly to special 

provisions applicable to farm cooperatives. These 

characterizations were agreed by both parties to be 

beneficial to the Enterprise. 

<PAGE>9 

10. The real economic effect of the venture - for 

example, the obligation by Pro-Fac to take half the losses 

on asset sales - bears no resemblance to any conventional 

financing mechanism. It has virtually all the basic char- 

acteristics of a long-term equity investment and joint 

venture. 

11. The Agreement contains a provision for 

termination, providing that Curtice-Burns can terminate the 

Agreement and repay to Pro-Fac its book value of the assets 

(Agreement, paragraph 36). The Agreement nowhere permits 

Curtice-Burns, while managing Pro-Fac, to organize a 

transaction with an extraordinary gain in such a manner as 

to keep Pro-Fac from securing its half of the profit 

resulting from the appreciation in value of Pro-Fac's 

investment. Nor is there any provision in the Agreement 

that contemplates the sale or liquidation of Curtice-Burns's 

share of the Enterprise, or Pro-Fac's rights in that event. 

12. By its express terms, the Agreement, upon 

termination, remains in effect through the end of the period 

that Pro-Fac is obligated to process crops from its members. 

That provision of Section 36 states: 

this Agreement . . . shall remain in effect until 
such crops are processed and marketed. 

<PAGE>10 

Those commitments continue through June 1995 for about half 

of the members, June 1996 for many more members, and longer 

for certain new members. 

13. The termination provision, which has remained 

largely unchanged since 1961, was included in the Agreement 

to provide a mechanism allowing Curtice-Burns to operate 

independently if the then newly formed venture between 

processors and growers did not prove workable. Upon 

termination under the Agreement, Curtice-Burns is required 

to pay Pro-Fac its book value. Book value is nowhere 

defined, but the intent is to assure repayment to Pro-Fac of 

its investment. The Agreement provides safeguards that 

would not permit Curtice-Burns to have the unilateral right 

to reduce what it has to pay Pro-Fac under this provision. 

14. Pro-Fac has the right to terminate the 

Agreement upon a default by Curtice-Burns. Under 

paragraph 25 of the Agreement, Pro-Fac is entitled to 

receive as liquidated damages all amounts that would have 

been payable through the term of the Agreement, without 

releasing Curtice-Burns from its other obligations under the 

Agreement. 

<PAGE>11 

The Existing Controversies 

15. Agway, Curtice-Burns's controlling 

shareholder, announced in early 1993 that it intended to 

sell its interest in Curtice-Burns to meet its own cash 

needs. At the time, the Curtice-Burns stock was trading in 

the range of $12 to $13.50 per share. 

16. Curtice-Burns decided to pursue various 

options, including a restructuring in which assets would be 

sold and a sale of the company. Well aware that a sale of 

assets would require dividing the profits with Pro-Fac, 

Curtice-Burns acknowledged to Pro-Fac that it was trying to 

plan a transaction to deny Pro-Fac its interest in the gain 

and threatened that it would terminate the Agreement to 

accomplish this goal. Pro-Fac strongly objected that this 

plan was a breach of Curtice-Burns's ongoing contractual and 

other duties. 

17. Curtice-Burns demanded that unless Pro-Fac 

offered to buy Curtice-Burns at almost double the previous 

stock value, Pro-Fac could end up with only a fraction of 

its current economic value in the Enterprise. During this 

period Curtice-Burns also wrote down for financial reporting 

purposes the value of certain businesses by approximately 

$60 million and asserted that this would lower Pro-Fac's 

book value for purposes of its proposed termination by 

<PAGE>12 

almost $30 million. The Agreement provides no basis to 

permit Curtice-Burns to unilaterally reduce the book value; 

to permit such a unilateral write-down is like granting a 

purchaser the power to reduce the purchase price. 

18. The write-downs occurred at a time when, 

based on the Dean Food's recent valuation, the value of the 

assets (other than those written down) were more than $100 

million in excess of Pro-Fac's investment. Curtice-Burns's 

effort to write down assets while at the same time planning 

an extraordinary gain in such a way as to deny Pro-Fac its 

profit from its years of investment in those assets 

constitutes a violation of the Agreement as well as of basic 

principles of fiduciary duty, good faith and fair dealing. 

19. In July 1994, Curtice-Burns advised Pro-Fac 

that it intended to write down approximately $10 million of 

assets of the Nalley's division and further reduce the 

amount it owes Pro-Fac on termination. This occurs at the 

same time as Curtice-Burns has announced the sale of the 

remainder of Nalley's for a profit of $90 million over the 

book value, which Curtice-Burns intends to keep for itself. 

20. Instead of discharging its fiduciary duty to 

Pro-Fac, upon information and belief, Curtice-Burns 

intentionally frustrated Pro-Fac's efforts to resolve the 

change of control issue. In addition to the acts described 

<PAGE>13 

above, Curtice-Burns, contrary to established practice, 

unilaterally terminated more than half of the crop purchases 

(canceling nearly half of Pro-Fac's members) and, in the 

auction it subsequently conducted for the sale of the 

company, gave advantages to bidders other than Pro-Fac. 

21. In June 1994, Curtice-Burns announced that it 

had reached a tentative deal to sell itself to Dean Foods 

Company for "a maximum cash price of $20 per share." Upon 

information and belief, this price would be reduced by extra 

amounts determined to be owed Pro-Fac under either the 

profit split or upon the rejection of Curtice-Burns's 

unilateral attempt to adjust Pro-Fac's book value. Pro- 

Fac's 50% share of the profits at a $20 sale price would be 

over $5.75 per share or $50 million more than is set forth 

in paragraph 7 of Curtice-Burns Demand for Arbitration. 

Giving effect to Pro-Fac's profit split, the Dean Foods 

offer is $14.25 per share of Curtice-Burns. 

22. Pro-Fac also made a bid for Curtice-Burns of 

$17.00 ($16.87 after dilution for stock options), a price 

which both reflected Curtice-Burns's legal obligations to 

Pro-Fac under the Agreement and offered a significant 

premium over the trading value of the shares when Agway 

first announced its intention to sell. 

<PAGE>14 

First Claim: Pro-Fac's Right to the Profit Split 

23. The intent of the Agreement is that Pro-Fac 

and Curtice-Burns divide profits and losses. Pro-Fac 

receives this split not, as Curtice-Burns implies, for 

passing through a low cost source of financing, but because 

Pro-Fac invested in all the Curtice-Burns businesses and 

took its share of the risk of their success or failure. 

24. So long as it is managing Pro-Fac's business, 

Curtice-Burns has a fiduciary duty to organize and operate 

the Enterprise in Pro-Fac's best interest as well as its 

own. 

25. Curtice-Burns also owes Pro-Fac a duty of 

good faith and fair dealing in Curtice-Burns's 

administration of, and in its interpretation and compliance 

with, the Agreement. 

26. Whatever Curtice-Burns's contractual options 

to terminate the relationship with Pro-Fac and continue in 

business alone, it cannot, while managing Pro-Fac's 

investment, lawfully organize a sale transaction to capture 

all the accumulated gain in their investment for itself in a 

virtually simultaneous transaction in which it terminates 

Pro-Fac. Under the Agreement, Pro-Fac is entitled to its 

profit split on the proposed sale of Curtice-Burns. 

<PAGE>15 

Second Claim: Continuation of Profit Split 
While Crops are Processed 

27. Under paragraph 36 of the Agreement, even 

after termination the Agreement remains in effect for such 

period as Pro-Fac has obligations to its members to process 

and market crops. This provision requires Curtice-Burns to 

honor the profit split, including the split of profits from 

sales of businesses, as well as comply with its other duties 

to Pro-Fac, at least through June 1996. Curtice-Burns, as 

the manager of Pro-Fac, has negotiated those agreements with 

Pro-Fac's members and cannot abandon them. 

Third Claim: The Write-Downs Do Not Diminish 
Pro-Fac's Book Value 

28. The purpose of the buyout provision at book 

value is to repay Pro-Fac its unrecovered investment in 

assets used by Curtice-Burns in the business of the 

Enterprise. The Agreement provides no support that book 

value due to Pro-Fac is based on Curtice-Burns's book value 

for financial reporting purposes as determined by Curtice- 

Burns's management. Under the Agreement, write-downs are 

not shared unless incurred in an actual sale of assets, 

which requires Pro-Fac's consent. Such a write-down, if 

accepted by Pro-Fac, would virtually wipe out the earned 

surplus Pro-Fac has saved (and reinvested in the Enterprise) 

over the life of the Enterprise. For these reasons, the 

<PAGE>16 

accounting write-downs by Curtice-Burns in fiscal 1993 do 

not reduce the amounts owed Pro-Fac upon termination. 

29. Further, Curtice-Burns cannot, consistent 

with its duties, write down assets and charge those write- 

downs to Pro-Fac at the same time that it is contemplating 

the sale of other assets at a large gain, the benefit of 

which it does not intend to share with Pro-Fac. Such 

conduct is contrary to the purpose of the Agreement, 

breaches Curtice-Burns's fiduciary duties to Pro-Fac, 

violates the duty of good faith and fair dealing and 

constitutes manipulation and unconscionable exploitation. 

It also constitutes a default under the terms of the 

Agreement. 

Fourth Claim: Default by Curtice-Burns For Improper 
Termination of Crops 

30. For 33 years Curtice-Burns and Pro-Fac have 

operated under an arrangement in which purchases of crops 

each year are mutually determined, in good faith, after 

deliberations by representatives of both Pro-Fac and 

Curtice-Burns. This arrangement is required under Section 

42 of the Agreement. On March 25, 1994, Curtice-Burns sent 

a letter to Pro-Fac without having had such meetings, 

purporting unilaterally to terminate 70% by volume and 50% 

by value of crops supplied by Pro-Fac. Curtice-Burns knew 

<PAGE>17 

that such a notice would require Pro-Fac to terminate those 

growers from membership, or else be liable for crops for 

which it had no market. 

31. Curtice-Burns's actions came less than four 

weeks prior to the date that Pro-Fac's final bid under 

Curtice-Burns's bidding process was due. Pro-Fac at that 

time was arranging financing for its bid, including raising 

additional equity from its members. On information and 

belief, Curtice-Burns believed that terminating Pro-Fac 

members might impair Pro-Fac's ability to make a viable 

offer to purchase Curtice-Burns. 

32. Upon information and belief, the purpose of 

this attempted termination was to try to gain a tactical 

advantage by forcing Pro-Fac to terminate a number of its 

members and to make the continued viability of Pro-Fac 

questionable. In addition, by attempting to terminate the 

supply of crops, Curtice-Burns, contrary to its ongoing 

duties to Pro-Fac, sought to reduce the obligations a 

potential buyer would have upon termination without regard 

to the effect on Pro-Fac. 

33. Such partial termination of Pro-Fac is not 

permitted under Section 36 of the Agreement and violates 

Section 42 and other provisions of the Agreement, as well as 

<PAGE>18 

Curtice-Burns's fiduciary duty and obligation of good faith 

and fair dealing. 

Fifth Claim: Default by 
Curtice-Burns in Duty to Manage 

34. The schemes and events set forth above 

constitute a default in Curtice-Burns's obligation to manage 

Pro-Fac. 

Responses to Curtice-Burns's Demand 

35. Pro-Fac generally denies the allegations set 

forth in Curtice-Burns's Demand for Arbitration. Pro-Fac 

further observes that the declaratory relief seeks 

inappropriately to have the panel interpret provisions of 

the Agreement without regard to other provisions and to 

answer abstract questions without consideration of the 

actual circumstances. Pro-Fac specifically responds to 

certain allegations as follows. 

36. In response to Paragraph 6 of Curtice-Burns's 

Demand, the Agreement nowhere give Curtice-Burns an 

"unconditional right" to terminate at book value without 

regard to the circumstances or Curtice-Burns's other duties 

to Pro-Fac. Further, while the Agreement provides that it 

shall "automatically terminate" upon the exercise of the 

option, the same paragraph also provides that "this 

agreement . . . shall remain in effect until such crops are 

<PAGE>19 

processed and marketed", which would continue until at least 

June 1996. 

37. In response to Paragraph 7, the book value 

and other obligations required to be repaid by Curtice-Burns 

upon a termination of the Agreement, exclusive of Pro-Fac's 

right to the profit split, are approximately $297 million as 

of June 24, 1994. 

38. In response to Paragraph 8, Pro-Fac 

specifically denies that the intent of the Agreement was 

that book value for buy-out purposes should be adjusted by 

taking write-downs under generally accepted accounting 

principles for Curtice-Burns's financial reporting purposes. 

Moreover, the Agreement was not designed to permit one party 

to unilaterally reduce an obligation to the other party. 

Nor, in the circumstances, would any write-down be valid 

without also balancing it against write-ups that would be 

appropriate for a liquidating dividend. Under Curtice- 

Burns's interpretation, it could reorganize itself to 

maximize losses to Pro-Fac without giving Pro-Fac the 

benefit of gains. 

39. In response to Paragraph 14, Pro-Fac has 

consistently advised Curtice-Burns that while it is managing 

Pro-Fac it is a breach of Curtice-Burns's duties to plan a 

transaction which is designed to deprive Pro-Fac of its 

<PAGE>20 

interest in the value of Pro-Fac's assets. The letter dated 

November 4, 1993 is mischaracterized, and is attached hereto 

as Exhibit C. 

40. With respect to Paragraph 19, Pro-Fac has 

continually made itself available to discuss resolution of 

the terms including with Agway, with Curtice-Burns and with 

Dean Foods to discuss an acceptable arrangement. Curtice- 

Burns has ignored the meetings in the weeks before it filed 

its Demand for Arbitration and has refused to permit Pro-Fac 

to meet with Dean Foods, except for a perfunctory 

presentation by Dean Foods to the Pro-Fac board of 

directors. 

41. With respect to Paragraph 21, 22 and 23, Pro- 

Fac denies each and every allegation. 

WHEREFORE, Pro-Fac respectfully requests a 

declaration: 

(1) that it is entitled to half the gains from any 

sale in any transaction planned by Curtice-Burns under 

the circumstances set forth herein; 

(2) that the book value of the assets is Pro-Fac's 

investment in the assets, together with other 

obligations due on proper termination, is approximately 

$297 million at June 24, 1994 not counting the profit 

<PAGE>21 

split or, in the alternative, that no write-down is 

appropriate in the circumstances set forth herein; 

(3) that Curtice-Burns cannot further unilaterally 

write down assets against Pro-Fac's investment; 

(4) that Curtice-Burns by its conduct is in 

default under the Agreement and has therefore forfeited 

any right to buy out Pro-Fac, and Pro-Fac is entitled 

to all the remedies set forth in the Agreement, 

including, but not limited to, liquidated damages 

estimated at more than $50 million; and 

(5) That Pro-Fac and its members are entitled to 

damages as a result of the unlawful termination of 

crops. 

Pro-Fac also requests such other relief as the 

panel finds proper. 

Howard, Darby & Levin 

By: /s/ Philip K. Howard 
Philip K. Howard 
Attorneys for Pro-Fac 
Cooperative, Inc. 

1330 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10019 

(212) 841-1000 

August 3, 1994 

<PAGE>22 
EXHIBIT A 

INTEGRATED AGREEMENT 

Since 1961 the working relationship between 

Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. ("Curtice Burns") and Pro-Fac 

Cooperative, Inc. ("Pro-Fac") has been expressed in a series 

of four inter-related agreements between them. Based upon 

the experience of 30 years of operations it now is 

appropriate to set forth in this Integrated Agreement the 

assumptions and considerations on which those agreements are 

based and to integrate and renew the agreements. 

The members and patrons of Pro-Fac are active 

growers who have joined together in their cooperative to 

market their crops at a fair price and to try to achieve as 

much stability and continuity as is possible in agriculture. 

While Pro-Fac and its members and patrons have considerable 

expertise in the growing of crops, they do not have such 

expertise in the processing and sale of those crops in the 

form of commercially viable processed food products. 

Curtice Burns has long been engaged in the 

processing, distribution and sale of processed foods, now on 

a diversified geographical basis, but it lacks expertise in 

the farming and growing of the crops on which it depends for 

a reliable source of supply for its products. 

<PAGE>23 

Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns have come together 

because of the need of Pro-Fac to find a stable market for 

crops grown by its members and patrons and because of the 

need of Curtice Burns for a reliable supply of such crops. 

While Curtice Burns believes that it has available to it 

adequate funds to finance its own operations, in order to 

process and market Pro-Fac products Curtice Burns requires 

significant additional sources of financing in the form of 

working capital and facilities necessary to give it the 

capacity to provide a reliable and stable market for Pro-Fac 

products. Consequently, the willingness of Curtice Burns to 

enter into its relationship with Pro-Fac depends upon the 

commitment of Pro-Fac to provide financing for Curtice Burns 

from a variety of sources not directly available to Curtice 

Burns. Pro-Fac provides such financing in order to achieve 

its primary objective of a guaranteed and stable market for 

crops grown by its members and patrons. 

Since Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns have different 

areas of expertise in the production and sale of food 

products, as well as access to different sources of funds 

necessary to conduct their operations, each retains its 

independence for their mutual benefit. 

This Integrated Agreement shall be for the fiscal 

year of the parties beginning June 27, 1992 and for the 

<PAGE>24 

ensuing four additional fiscal years ending in June of 1997,

as well as for such further period as to which the parties 

may agree or for which the agreement may be extended in 

accordance with paragraph 72. 

OPERATIONS FINANCING 

1. Loan of Funds. To the extent that funds 

available to Pro-Fac are not invested in its ownership of 

facilities or otherwise needed in the conduct of its own 

business, Pro-Fac agrees to lend such funds to Curtice Burns 

on terms and conditions herein provided. Curtice Burns 

shall pay interest to Pro-Fac for the use of such funds as 

provided in paragraphs 3, 4, 5 and 6, as well as the payment 

described in paragraph 50. 

2. Source of Funds to Be Lent to Curtice Burns. 

Pro-Fac shall determine the source of funds which it lends 

to Curtice Burns pursuant to this agreement. The following 

is the present priority of funds derived from the sources 

indicated for the use of funds by Pro-Fac to finance 

ownership of its facilities and other aspects of its 

business: 

a. Common stock 

b. Retains 

C. Allocated tax paid reserve 

d. Earned surplus 

<PAGE>25 

e. Preferred stock 

f. Long-term debt 

g. Seasonal debt 

It is anticipated that the sources of funds to be lent to 

Curtice Burns will be in inverse order from that listed 

above. 

3. Loan of Equity Funds. The equity of Pro-Fac 

shall be lent upon the following conditions: 

a. Curtice Burns shall pay no interest on loans 

of funds derived from the proceeds from the sale and 

issuance of Pro-Fac common stock. 

b. To the extent that Pro-Fac lends Curtice Burns

funds derived from the issuance of Pro-Fac preferred 

stock and to the extent that such funds are not lent to

Curtice Burns but are used by Pro-Fac to pay for its 

facilities, Curtice Burns shall annually pay interest 

on such an aggregate amount at a rate equal to the 

average interest rate paid by Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns

for term borrowing. All interest payable under this 

paragraph shall be based upon the average amount of the

loans outstanding pursuant to this paragraph during the

year. To the extent that funds derived from retains 

lent without interest pursuant to paragraph 5 mature 

into preferred stock of Pro-Fac, Curtice Burns agrees 

<PAGE>26 

to pay interest on such funds as provided in this 

paragraph for the full fiscal year in which such 

preferred stock derived from retains is issued. 

4. Loan of Proceeds from Pro-Fac Loans. To the 

extent that Pro-Fac lends Curtice Burns funds derived from 

both seasonal and term loans to Pro-Fac from the Springfield

Bank for cooperatives or such other source from which Pro- 

Fac may borrow and to the extent such funds are used by Pro-

Fac to pay for its facilities, Curtice Burns shall pay 

interest on such funds at a rate equal to that payable by 

Pro-Fac to the source from which Pro-Fac has obtained such 

funds. To the extent necessary to enable Pro-Fac to obtain 

funds, Curtice Burns agrees to guarantee repayment of all 

loans obtained by Pro-Fac and further agrees to repay funds

borrowed from Pro-Fac at the termination of this agreement.

However, the amount Curtice Burns is so obligated to repay 

to Pro-Fac shall be reduced by any amount Curtice Burns has 

paid to any third party under its guaranty of Pro-Fac debt.

If by the terms of any agreement by which Pro-Fac has 

obtained funds subsequently lent to Curtice Burns Pro-Fac 

must repay such funds before the termination of this 

agreement, then Curtice Burns shall repay such funds to Pro-

Fac in time to enable Pro-Fac to make such repayment. 

<PAGE>27 

5. Loan of Retained Funds. To the extent that 

Pro-Fac lends Curtice Burns funds allocated to members of 

Pro-Fac pursuant to retains but retained by Pro-Fac, Curtice

Burns shall not pay interest to Pro-Fac for the use of such 

funds, except as provided in paragraph 3(b). 

6. Loan of Allocated Tax Paid Reserves and Earned

Surplus. To the extent that Pro-Fac lends Curtice Burns 

funds derived from the allocated tax paid reserves and from

the earned surplus of Pro-Fac, Curtice Burns shall pay no 

interest for the use of such funds for the first five fiscal

years following the fiscal year in which such funds 

originated in Pro-Fac. Thereafter Curtice Burns shall pay 

interest for the use of such funds on the same basis and at 

the same rate as is payable for the use of funds derived 

from the issuance of preferred stock as described in 

paragraph 3(b). 

7. Record of Loans. The amount and nature of the

indebtedness of Curtice Burns to Pro-Fac shall be as is set 

forth and reflected from time to time on the books and 

records of Curtice Burns and Pro-Fac; no promissory note or 

notes shall be necessary to evidence such indebtedness. 

8. Right to Recall Funds. Pro-Fac shall 

determine and advise Curtice Burns at the end of each fiscal

year the amount of loans payable from Curtice Burns which 

<PAGE>28 

may reasonably be due currently so as to provide Pro-Fac 

with current assets at least equivalent to its current 

liabilities. Should Pro-Fac not receive through interest 

payments as herein provided, or from other sources, funds 

sufficient to meet its requirements for the conduct of its 

business, then Curtice Burns shall, upon reasonable notice 

from Pro-Fac, repay all or any portion of funds lent by Pro-

Fac to Curtice Burns as so requested, so as to provide Pro- 

Fac with funds necessary to meet its legitimate business 

purposes. In giving such notice, Pro-Fac shall provide 

Curtice Burns with as much advance notification as possible 

so as to enable Curtice Burns to arrange for any refinancing 

necessary for it to make such repayment. 

9. Prepayment. Curtice Burns may, at its 

election, pre-pay any funds borrowed from Pro-Fac upon 

written notice Of not less than five days to Pro-Fac, 

without penalty or premium, and any such prepayment in part 

may be applied to such particular payments provided for 

hereunder as Curtice Burns may designate. 

10. Bond. Curtice Burns will obtain a blanket 

bond insuring the interest of both Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns 

as such interest may appear and providing coverage in an 

amount satisfactory to the boards of directors of both 

Curtice Burns and Pro-Fac for such employees of Curtice 

<PAGE>29 

Burns as shall handle moneys of Pro-Fac in behalf of Curtice

Burns. The expense of such bond shall be charged by Curtice

Burns as a direct sales, general and administrative expense.

FACILITIES FINANCING 

11. Premises. In consideration of the financing 

payments to be made to Pro-Fac by Curtice Burns as 

hereinafter specified, Pro-Fac hereby makes available for 

the use of Curtice Burns (which is hereinafter deemed to 

include any subsidiary of Curtice Burns which shall be 

designated by Curtice Burns to operate the facilities) all 

real property owned by Pro-Fac, together with all buildings, 

plants, structures, improvements, water and sewer rights, 

easements, and all rights of any sort or kind belonging or 

appertaining thereto (such real property hereinafter 

referred to as the "Premises"). Unless specifically 

excluded by resolution of the boards of directors of Pro-Fac 

and Curtice Burns, the Premises shall also include any real 

property subsequently acquired by Pro-Fac during the term of 

this agreement. 

12. Equipment. Pro-Fac hereby further makes 

available for the use of Curtice Burns all fixtures, food 

processing equipment, machinery, office equipment, motor 

vehicles and all other equipment of every kind and 

description owned by Pro-Fac now or hereafter attached to, 

<PAGE>30 

or now or hereafter used on or procured for use upon the 

Premises or elsewhere (such personal property hereafter 

referred to as the "Equipment"). Unless specifically 

excluded by resolution of the boards of directors of Pro-Fac

and Curtice Burns, the Equipment shall also include any 

equipment subsequently acquired by Pro-Fac during the term 

of this agreement. The Premises and the Equipment are 

sometimes referred to in the aggregate as the "Facilities". 

13. Facilities Financing Payments. The 

Facilities are accounted for as capitalized lease assets 

which will be depreciated by Curtice Burns. The parties 

agree that the central purpose of this agreement is to 

provide a security interest to Pro-Fac through its retention

of title to the Facilities to assure the recovery by Pro-Fac

of all costs of acquisition, financing and associated 

carrying costs involved with the Facilities. Curtice Burns 

shall pay Facilities financing payments to Pro-Fac in an 

amount equal to the total annual depreciation each year on 

the Facilities determined on a straight line basis in 

accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or 

in some other fashion which is acceptable to Pro-Fac. 

Curtice Burns further agrees to pay all taxes, charges for 

water, utilities and assessments against the Facilities of 

any sort, ordinary and extraordinary, which may be levied, 

<PAGE>31 

assessed or imposed upon the Facilities, accruing or 

becoming due and payable during the term of this agreement 

and the cost of insurance as provided in paragraph 15. It 

is the intention of the parties that Pro-Fac shall receive 

the Facilities financing payments free from all taxes, 

charges, expenses or deductions of every description, and 

that Curtice Burns shall pay all such items and expenses 

which, except for the execution and delivery of this 

agreement, would have been chargeable against the Facilities

and payable by Pro-Fac. 

14. Interest on Default. Any payment accruing 

under the provisions of this agreement which shall not be 

paid when due shall bear interest at the judgment rate then 

prevailing in the State of New York from the date it is 

payable under the terms of this agreement until it shall 

have been paid by Curtice Burns to Pro-Fac. 

15. Insurance. Curtice Burns shall procure and 

maintain policies of insurance at its own cost and expense

insuring: 

a. The interest in the Facilities of Pro-Fac, 

Curtice Burns and any mortgagee thereof, against loss 

or damage by fire, lightning, wind, hail, aircraft, 

vehicles, smoke, explosion, riot or civil commotion. 

The insurance coverage shall be for not less than the 

<PAGE>32 

full replacement cost of the Facilities (unless a 

lesser coverage is approved by Pro-Fac upon 

recommendation of Curtice Burns), with all proceeds of 

insurance payable jointly to Pro-Fac and any such 

mortgagee. The full replacement cost shall be - 

determined annually or at such other intervals as may 

be reasonable, either through periodic appraisals paid 

for by Curtice Burns or through some other method of 

valuation acceptable to both parties. 

b. Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns from all claims, 

demands or actions for injury to or death of any person

in an amount not less than $1,000,000.00 per occurrence

for bodily injury, including death, and property 

damage, and not less than $1,000,000.00 annual 

aggregate made by, or in behalf of, any person or 

persons, firm or corporation arising from, related to 

or connected with the Facilities. In addition to the 

foregoing minimum coverage, Curtice Burns shall also 

obtain umbrella coverage against liability for personal 

injury and property damage totalling not less than 

$50 million which shall include full contractual 

liability coverage. 

c. Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns, in an amount which 

shall be reasonably satisfactory to Pro-Fac, against 

<PAGE>33 

risks customarily covered by boiler and machinery 

insurance and business interruption. 

16. Form of Insurance. The insurance to be 

obtained as herein provided shall be with companies and in 

form, substance, and amount (where not stated above) 

satisfactory to Pro-Fac and any mortgagee of Pro-Fac. The 

aforesaid insurance shall not be subject to cancellation 

except after at least 10 days prior written notice to Pro- 

Fac and any mortgagee of Pro-Fac. The original insurance 

policies (or certificates thereof satisfactory to Pro-Fac) 

together with satisfactory evidence of payment of the 

premiums thereon, shall be deposited with Pro-Fac at the 

beginning of the term hereof, and renewals thereof shall be 

similarly deposited not less than 30 days prior to the end 

of the term of such coverage. 

17. Waiver of Subrogation Rights. Whenever 

(a) any loss, cost, damage or expense resulting from a fire,

explosion or any other casualty or occurrence is incurred by

either of the parties to this agreement in connection with 

the Facilities, and (b) such party is then covered in whole 

or in part by insurance with respect to such loss, cost, 

damage or expense, then the party so insured hereby releases

the other party from any liability it may have on account of

such loss, cost, damage or expense to the extent of any 

<PAGE>34 

amount recovered by reason of such insurance and waives any

right of subrogation which might otherwise exist in or 

accrue to any person on account thereof. 

18. Damage and Reconstruction. If the Equipment

or the buildings on the Premises shall be damaged or 

partially destroyed by fire or any other cause at any time

during the term hereof, Curtice Burns shall forthwith 

replace such equipment and cause the damage to the buildings

to be repaired with all reasonable dispatch, provided that 

such replacement and repair are economically justifiable in 

the judgment of the boards of directors of both Pro-Fac and 

Curtice Burns. Should a building at any time on the 

Premises be so damaged by fire or otherwise that repair or 

restoration will be impracticable, then Curtice Burns shall 

forthwith demolish and remove such damaged buildings and 

proceed with the erection and construction of suitable 

replacement buildings on the Premises. Any such necessary 

repairs shall be made and such buildings replaced in 

accordance with plans and specifications submitted by 

Curtice Burns and approved by Pro-Fac. In order to pay for 

the cost of such repair or reconstruction, Curtice Burns 

shall be entitled to obtain from Pro-Fac any sum received as

insurance for such damage (to the extent permitted by any 

mortgagee of Pro-Fac which may have a right to such 

<PAGE>35 

insurance proceeds), which shall be paid to Curtice Burns as

hereinafter provided, to be held by Curtice Burns as a trust

fund for such repairs. Curtice Burns shall not be obligated

under this paragraph to make any repairs or undertake any 

reconstruction beyond that which may be paid for through the

use of funds to be provided Curtice Burns by Pro-Fac for 

such purpose pursuant to this paragraph. If the holder of 

any mortgage on the Premises and Equipment shall require 

that the proceeds of insurance policies be paid in reduction

or payment of such mortgage, then Pro-Fac covenants with 

Curtice Burns to provide for the use of Curtice Burns as 

aforesaid a sum equal to the amount of such insurance 

proceeds so paid to any mortgagee. Pro-Fac shall, from time

to time, as certified by Curtice Burns and to an extent not 

exceeding 80% of the value of the work, labor and material 

entered into in the erection of such new buildings or the 

repair of old buildings, pay over to Curtice Burns the 

proceeds of insurance actually collected by Pro-Fac, or such

other funds in substitution thereof as Pro-Fac may be 

required to provide Curtice Burns as hereinbefore provided.

The balance of such insurance proceeds or other funds shall 

be paid by Pro-Fac to Curtice Burns after the buildings are 

fully repaired, completed and paid for. Curtice Burns shall

promptly pay construction cost or costs of repair when 

<PAGE>36 

incurred. Curtice Burns shall obtain adequate general 

liability insurance protecting and indemnifying Pro-Fac from

claims or damages arising out of the repair or demolition of

any buildings on the premises and the erection and 

construction of any new buildings. 

19. Maintenance and Repair. The Facilities shall

during the term hereof be kept by Curtice Burns in good 

order and repair at the sole cost and expense of Curtice 

Burns. Curtice Burns will comply with all orders, 

regulations, rules and requirements of every kind and nature

relating to the Facilities now or hereafter in effect, of 

the federal, state, municipal, or other governmental 

authorities, whether they be usual or unusual, ordinary or 

extraordinary, and whether they or any of them relate to 

structural changes or requirements of whatever nature, or to

changes or requirements incident to or as the result of, any

use or occupation thereof or otherwise. Should Curtice 

Burns determine that compliance with any such order, 

regulation, rule or requirement would be uneconomical and 

that instead the parties should terminate active operation 

of any portion of the Premises which would be affected 

thereby, then Curtice Burns shall so recommend to Pro-Fac; 

if the parties agree that such operation should be so 

terminated rather than to contest or comply with such order,

<PAGE>37 

rule, regulation or requirement, then the parties agree to 

terminate such operation forthwith upon such determination.

If following such recommendation by Curtice Burns Pro-Fac 

does not agree thereto, then the matter shall be resolved by

arbitration under the procedure for arbitration as described

herein. Should the parties not agree that such operations 

should be suspended, or should arbitration so determine, 

then Curtice Burns will pay all cost and expenses incidental

to such compliance and will indemnify and save harmless Pro-

Fac from all expense by reason of any notices, orders, 

violations or penalties filed against or imposed upon the 

Premises or Equipment, or against Pro-Fac as owner thereof, 

because of the failure of Curtice Burns to comply with this 

covenant. However, Curtice Burns shall have the right to 

contest or review any order issued against the Premises or 

Equipment by legal proceeding or in such other manner as it 

may deem advisable, and may have such order modified, 

cancelled, removed or revoked without compliance therewith.

Any such action or proceeding instituted shall be conducted 

promptly at the expense of Curtice Burns. The term "legal 

proceeding" as used herein shall be construed as including 

appeals from judgments, decrees or orders. If and whenever 

any such order shall become final and binding, Curtice Burns

shall then comply therewith with due diligence; in default 

<PAGE>38 

thereof by Curtice Burns, Pro-Fac may comply therewith, and

the cost expense of so doing may be paid by Pro-Fac and 

shall be charged against Curtice Burns, becoming due on the

next June 22 following such payment by Pro-Fac. In such 

event, Pro-Fac shall have recourse to all the remedies 

herein and conferred upon Pro-Fac in respect to the 

collection of payments due hereunder or to the recovery of 

the possession of the Premises and Equipment because of 

default in any payment required of Curtice Burns. 

20. Indemnity. Curtice Burns will protect, 

indemnify and save harmless Pro-Fac from and against all 

liabilities, obligations, claims, damages, penalties, causes

of action, costs and expenses (including without limitation 

reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) imposed upon or 

incurred by or asserted against Pro-Fac by reason of any 

accident, injury to or death of persons or loss of or damage

to property of others occurring on or about the Premises or 

any part thereof or the adjoining properties, sidewalks, 

curbs, streets, or way. In case of any action, suit, or 

proceeding brought against Pro-Fac by reason of any such 

occurrence, Curtice Burns will, at its expense, resist and 

defend such action, suit or proceeding, or cause it to be 

resisted and defended by counsel approved by Pro-Fac. 

<PAGE>39 

21. Utilities. The cost of all utilities and 

services, including but not limited to gas, water, sewer and

electricity, shall be paid by Curtice Burns. 

22. Quiet Enjoyment. So long as Curtice Burns is

not in default under the covenants and agreements of this 

agreement, the quiet and peaceful enjoyment by Curtice Burns

of the Premises and Equipment shall not be disturbed or 

interfered with by Pro-Fac or by any person claiming by, 

through or under Pro-Fac. However, nothing herein shall 

affect the rights of the holder of any mortgage or other 

security interest given by Pro-Fac applicable to the 

Premises or Equipment. 

23. Subordination. This agreement and all rights

of Curtice Burns herein shall be subject and subordinate to 

any mortgage or mortgages or any renewals or replacements 

thereof which are now or may hereafter be placed on the 

Premises and Equipment, and Curtice Burns agrees that at the

time of the placing of any such mortgage or renewal thereof 

on the Premises or Equipment and at the request of Pro-Fac, 

Curtice Burns will execute and deliver any further 

instruments necessary to subordinate its rights under this 

agreement to any such mortgage or renewal thereof. Pro-Fac 

agrees that it will notify Curtice Burns of the execution 

and delivery of any such mortgage and that it will, upon the

<PAGE>40 

request of Curtice Burns, exhibit to Curtice Burns at least 

5 days before the expiration of any default period provided 

in such mortgage satisfactory evidence showing that interest

due thereunder and any installment of principal has been 

paid. If at such time any installment of interest or 

principal has not been paid in accordance with the terms of 

said mortgage, Curtice Burns may pay the same, together with

any interest accrued thereon, and the amount so paid by 

Curtice Burns and the interest thereon at the judgment rate 

then prevailing in the State of New York from the time of 

payment shall be paid by Pro-Fac to Curtice Burns on demand,

or may be offset by Curtice Burns against any amount payable

hereunder until the whole amount thereof shall have been 

repaid to Curtice Burns by Pro-Fac. 

24. Default. The occurrence of any one of the 

following events shall be considered an event of default by 

Curtice Burns under this agreement: 

a. Curtice Burns shall be adjudged a bankrupt, or

a decree or order approving, as properly filed, a 

petition or answer asking reorganization of Curtice 

Burns under the federal bankruptcy laws, or under the 

laws of any state, shall be entered, and any such 

decree or judgment or order shall not have been vacated

<PAGE>41 

or stayed or set aside within 30 days from the date of 

the entry or granting thereof; or 

b. Curtice Burns shall file or admit the 

jurisdiction of the court and the material allegations 

contained in, any petition in bankruptcy, or any 

petition pursuant or purporting to be pursuant to the 

federal bankruptcy laws, or Curtice Burns shall 

institute any proceedings for any relief of Curtice 

Burns under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws or any 

laws relating to the relief of debtors, readjustment of

indebtedness, organization, arrangements, composition 

or extension; or 

c. Curtice Burns shall make any assignment for 

the benefit of creditors or shall apply for or consent 

to the appointment of a receiver for Curtice Burns or 

any of the property of Curtice Burns; or 

d. A decree or order appointing a receiver of the

property of Curtice Burns shall be made and such decree 

or order shall not have been vacated, stayed or set 

aside within 90 days from the date of entry or granting

thereof; or 

e. Curtice Burns shall vacate the Premises or 

abandon the same during the term hereof; or 

<PAGE>42 

f. Curtice Burns shall make default in any 

payment required to be paid by Curtice Burns hereunder

when due as herein provided and such default shall 

continue for 30 days after notice thereof in writing by

Pro-Fac to Curtice Burns; or 

g. Curtice Burns shall make default in any of the

other covenants and agreements herein contained to be 

kept, observed and performed by Curtice Burns, and such

default shall continue for 30 days after notice thereof

in writing by Pro-Fac to Curtice Burns. 

25. Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any one or 

more of such events of default, Pro-Fac may terminate this 

agreement. Upon termination of this agreement, Pro-Fac may 

re-enter the Premises and take possession of the Premises 

and the Equipment, with or without process of law, and Pro- 

Fac shall not be liable for any damages resulting therefrom.

Such re-entry and repossession shall not work a forfeiture 

of any amounts to be paid and the covenants to be performed 

by Curtice Burns during the full term hereof. Upon such 

repossession of the Premises, Pro-Fac shall be entitled to 

recover as liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum of 

money equal to the value of the amounts provided herein to 

be paid by Curtice Burns to Pro-Fac for the remainder of the

term hereof. Should Curtice Burns default in payment of any

<PAGE>43 

taxes, water charges, assessments, or any other charges to 

be paid by Curtice Burns pursuant to paragraph 13, Pro-Fac 

may if it so desires pay the same, and the amount so paid, 

with interest thereon at the judgment rate then prevailing 

in the State of New York from the date of payment, shall be 

added to the next payment to be made by Curtice Burns. 

However, any such payment by Pro-Fac shall not be deemed to 

waive or release the default in the payment thereof by 

Curtice Burns, or the right of Pro-Fac immediately to 

terminate this agreement and recover possession of the 

Premises and Equipment by reason of such default as 

hereinabove provided. 

26. Remedies Cumulative. No remedy herein or 

otherwise conferred upon or reserved to Pro-Fac shall be 

considered to exclude or suspend any other remedy, but the 

same shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every 

other remedy given hereunder now or hereafter existing at 

law or in equity or by statute, and every power and remedy 

given by this agreement to Pro-Fac may be exercised from 

time to time and as often as occasion may arise or as may be

deemed expedient. Neither the receipt of any payment after 

default, nor any delay or omission of Pro-Fac to exercise 

any right or power arising from any default, shall impair 

any such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver

<PAGE>44 

of any such default or any acquiescence therein. Neither 

the rights herein given to receive, collect, sue for or 

distrain for any payments due hereunder or to enforce the 

terms, provisions and conditions of this agreement, or to 

prevent the breach or nonobservance thereof, or the exercise

of any such right or of any other right or remedy hereunder 

or otherwise granted or arising, shall in any way affect or 

impair the right or power of Pro-Fac to declare this 

agreement ended, and to terminate this agreement as provided

for herein, because of any default in or breach of the 

covenants, provisions or conditions of this agreement. 

27. No Waiver. No waiver of any breach of any of

the covenants herein shall be construed, taken or held to be

a waiver of any other breach or waiver, acquiescence in or 

consent to any further or succeeding breach of the same 

covenant. 

28. Condemnation. If any part of any of the 

Premises shall be condemned and as a result thereof the 

balance of such Premises can be used by Curtice Burns, this 

agreement shall not terminate and Curtice Burns, pursuant to

plans submitted by Pro-Fac and at the expense of Pro-Fac, 

shall repair and restore the Premises and all improvements 

thereon. Curtice Burns shall promptly and diligently 

proceed to make a complete architectural unity of the 

<PAGE>45 

remainder of the improvements in accordance with such plans 

as are first approved by Pro-Fac. Curtice Burns shall have 

no right to any condemnation award applicable to the 

Premises. Pro-Fac shall receive and hold in trust the 

amount of the award relating to the improvements on the 

Premises and shall (to the extent permitted by the holder of

any mortgage on the Premises which may be entitled to such 

award) disburse such award to Curtice Burns to apply to the 

cost of said repairing or restoration in accordance with the

procedure set forth in paragraph 18. If Curtice Burns does 

not make a complete architectural unit of the remainder of 

the improvements within a reasonable period after such 

taking or condemnation then, in addition to whatever other 

remedies Pro-Fac may have either under this agreement, at 

law or in equity, Pro-Fac may retain the entire award, and 

the total amount payable by Curtice Burns to Pro-Fac under 

paragraph 18 shall be reduced by the amount of such award so

retained, prorated over the remaining payments due. Except 

as hereinbefore provided, there shall be no abatement or 

reduction in any payment due from Curtice Burns because of 

such taking or condemnation. 

29. Right to Contest Tax Assessments. Curtice 

Burns shall have the right to review by legal proceedings, 

promptly instituted and conducted at the expense of Curtice 

<PAGE>46 

Burns, any taxes, assessments, water rates, or other charges

imposed upon or against the Premises or Equipment, and in 

case any such taxes, assessments, water rates or other 

charges shall, as a result of such proceedings or otherwise,

be reduced, cancelled, set aside or to any extent discharged

or modified, Curtice Burns shall pay any amount that shall 

be finally assessed or imposed against the Premises or 

Equipment or adjudicated to be due and payable on any such 

disputed or contested items. The term "legal proceedings" 

as here used shall be construed to include appropriate 

appeals from any judgments, decrees or orders. 

30. No Warranty by Pro-Fac. Curtice Burns 

accepts the Premises and Equipment in their present 

condition and without any representation or warranty by Pro-

Fac as to the condition of the Premises and Equipment, or as 

to the use or occupancy which may be made thereof. Pro-Fac 

shall not be responsible for any latent or other defect or 

change in their condition, and the payments hereunder shall 

in no case be withheld or diminished because of any defect 

or change in their condition, or because of any damage 

occurring thereto during the term hereof. 

31. Liens Against Premises. If any mechanics or 

other liens or order for the payment of money shall be filed

against the Premises or Equipment by reason of or arising 

<PAGE>47 

out of any labor or material furnished or alleged to have 

been furnished, or to be furnished, to or for Curtice Burns 

at the Premises for or by reason of any change, alteration 

or addition or the cost of expenses thereof, or any contract

relating thereto, or against Pro-Fac as owner thereof, 

Curtice Burns shall cause the same to be cancelled and 

discharged of record, by bond, or otherwise at the election 

and expense of Curtice Burns. Curtice Burns shall also 

defend on behalf of Pro-Fac at the sole cost and expense of 

Curtice Burns any action, suit or proceeding which may be 

brought thereon or for the enforcement of such lien, or 

order, and Curtice Burns will pay any damages or discharge 

any judgment entered therein and save harmless Pro-Fac from 

any claim or damages resulting therefrom. 

32. Alterations and Improvements. Curtice Burns 

shall have the right to make alterations and improvements to

the Premises from time to time without the written consent 

of Pro-Fac upon condition, however, that the cost of such 

alterations or improvements shall not exceed the sum of 

$150,000.00 for any such alteration or improvement. If any 

such alteration or improvement shall cost more than 

$150,000.00 (or such other amount as may be agreed to by the

parties as appropriate), the written consent of Pro-Fac 

shall be obtained before work is commenced. Pro-Fac shall 

<PAGE>48 

not withhold such consent unreasonably and covenants to 

consent thereto, provided that such alteration or 

improvement shall not tend to decrease the space or the 

value of any building upon the Premises. All improvements 

to the Premises shall become the property of Pro-Fac. 

33. Proper Use. Curtice Burns covenants not to 

use the buildings on the premises for any illegal or 

unlawful purpose. 

34. Additional Equipment. Should Curtice Burns 

in its discretion deem it necessary for the continued 

successful operation of the Facilities by Curtice Burns for 

the purpose of the business of Curtice Burns to install 

additional machinery or equipment of its own, Curtice Burns 

may do so; such additional machinery or equipment shall not 

be deemed the property of Pro-Fac and part of the Premises, 

and Curtice Burns shall have the right to remove such 

additional machinery and equipment at its own cost and 

expense on the termination hereof. 

35. Surrender of Premises and Equipment. At the 

expiration of this agreement Curtice Burns will surrender 

and deliver to Pro-Fac the Premises and Equipment in good 

repair and condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted. 

36. Purchase Rights of Curtice Burns. In the 

event of the termination of this agreement or at any time at

<PAGE>49 

the option of Curtice Burns upon written notice of 60 days 

to Pro-Fac, Curtice Burns shall have the right to purchase 

the Facilities at the book value thereof at the time of 

purchase. Upon the exercise of the option to purchase the 

Facilities as specified in this paragraph, this agreement 

shall also automatically terminate. Should Curtice Burns 

exercise this option at a time of year when Pro-Fac is 

obligated to process crops for its members, then 

notwithstanding the exercise of the option by Curtice Burns 

pursuant to this paragraph, Curtice Burns shall nevertheless

complete the processing of such crops for that year pursuant

to this agreement, which shall remain in effect until such 

crops are processed and marketed. 

37. Purchase of Trademarks by Pro-Fac. Should 

this agreement be terminated for any reason and upon such 

termination Curtice Burns does not purchase the Facilities 

as herein provided, then Pro-Fac shall have the right to 

purchase all trademarks, tradenames and copyrights of 

Curtice Burns at their then book value. 

38. Intangibles. Pro-Fac owns an undivided 

interest in goodwill and other intangible assets obtained in

the course of the acquisition of various businesses by Pro- 

Fac and Curtice Burns ("Intangibles"). The Intangibles do 

not include any interest in trademarks or the goodwill 

<PAGE>50 

associated with trademarks. In future business acquisitions

by the parties during the term of this agreement Pro-Fac 

shall purchase an undivided interest in all intangibles 

acquired with such businesses ("Future Intangibles"). Pro- 

Fac shall pay for Future Intangibles an amount equal to the 

same percentage of the entire purchase price for such Future

Intangibles that the adjusted deemed equity investment of 

Pro-Fac bears to the combined adjusted deemed equity 

investment of both Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns as defined in 

paragraph 51 hereof. While the purchase price to be paid by

Pro-Fac for its interest in Future Intangibles shall be 

based upon the price paid in the course of the acquisition 

for all Future Intangibles (including trademarks and the 

goodwill associated therewith), the undivided interest in 

such Future Intangibles so acquired by Pro-Fac shall not 

include any interest in such trademarks or the goodwill 

associated therewith, except as provided in Paragraph 37 

hereof. 

39. License of Intangibles. Pro-Fac hereby 

grants to Curtice Burns the exclusive right to use the 

interest of Pro-Fac in the Intangibles and Future 

Intangibles in conducting their business pursuant to this 

agreement. For such use, Curtice Burns shall pay to Pro-Fac

<PAGE>51 

annually the amount by which the interest of Pro-Fac in the 

Intangibles and Future Intangibles is amortized each year. 

40. Purchase of Intangibles by Curtice Burns. 

Should Curtice Burns purchase the facilities of Pro-Fac in 

accordance with paragraph 36 hereof, Curtice Burns shall 

also be obligated to repurchase from Pro-Fac at the then 

book value thereof the interest of Pro-Fac in the 

Intangibles and Future Intangibles. 

41. Purchase of Intangibles by Pro-Fac. Should 

Pro-Fac purchase the trademarks, tradenames and copyrights 

of Curtice Burns and the goodwill associated therewith as 

provided in paragraph 37 hereof, then at such time Pro-Fac 

shall also be obligated to purchase the Curtice Burns 

interest in the Intangibles and Future Intangibles at the 

book value thereof at the time of purchase. 

MARKETING 

42. Delivery of Crops. Pro-Fac agrees to sell 

and deliver to Curtice Burns all crops of the type and in 

the amounts set forth by acreage or tonnage in the raw 

product section of the profit plan as approved each year by 

the board of directors of each party during the term hereof 

to be marketed in behalf of the grower-members of Pro-Fac 

pursuant to the terms of the agreements between Pro-Fac and 

its members. Subject only to its inability to do so because

<PAGE>52 

of the vagaries of weather or other causes validly 

preventing growing such crops as set forth in the agreements

between Pro-Fac and its members (the form of which shall be 

approved by Curtice Burns), Pro-Fac shall deliver to Curtice

Burns the crops described in the profit plan, and Curtice 

Burns agrees to process and market such crops as herein 

provided. 

43. Marketing Discretion. Curtice Burns shall in

its discretion determine in what form the finished processed

products shall appear for marketing and what label or labels

shall appear on such finished processed products. Curtice 

Burns shall establish the price at which it shall sell 

products originating in whole or in part from Pro-Fac 

products. To facilitate the marketing of the finished 

products by Curtice Burns, title to the Pro-Fac crops shall 

pass to Curtice Burns at the time such crops are graded and 

accepted by Curtice Burns. 

44. Agency. To the extent necessary to enable 

Pro-Fac to receive crops from its members and deliver such 

crops to Curtice Burns pursuant to the terms and conditions 

of this agreement, Curtice Burns will act as agent for Pro- 

Fac and charge the cost thereof to overhead as provided 

herein. Curtice Burns will indemnify and save Pro-Fac 

<PAGE>53 

harmless from any loss or damage incurred in acting as such 

agent. 

SETTLEMENT 

45. Definitions. When used in this agreement, the 

following terms shall have the definitions indicated: 

a. "Commercial market value" of crops sold by 

Pro-Fac to Curtice Burns shall mean the price paid for 

such crops by commercial processors for similar crops 

used for similar or related purposes sold under pre- 

season contracts and in the open market in the same or 

similar marketing areas. Where such price cannot be 

readily determined, then commercial market value shall 

be determined by some other method acceptable to each 

party. Commercial market value shall be determined as 

provided in paragraph 46 hereof. 

b. "Pro-Fac products" shall mean all products 

sold by Curtice Burns which were processed from crops 

supplied by Pro-Fac. The determination of what is a 

Pro-Fac product shall be made in an annual examination 

of products made from crops supplied by Pro-Fac. If 

made from crops supplied by Pro-Fac and from similar 

crops purchased directly by Curtice Burns to supplement

and facilitate the marketing of crops by Pro-Fac, then 

such product shall be considered to be a Pro-Fac 

<PAGE>54 

product, provided that the value of such crops 

purchased by Curtice Burns for use in the product is 

not greater than the value of crops supplied by Pro-Fac

for the product. If Pro-Fac supplied less than half 

the value of crops necessary to make the product, then 

only that portion of the product actually made from 

crops supplied by Pro-Fac shall be considered a Pro-Fac

product. 

c. "Net proceeds" shall mean the entire proceeds 

received by Curtice Burns from the sale of Pro-Fac 

products less the costs incurred by Curtice BurnS in 

its own behalf or in behalf of Pro-Fac in processing 

and selling such products. Such costs shall be 

determined in accordance with generally accepted 

accounting practices in the food industry as modified 

by past practices and accounting methods used by the 

parties and shall include all variable product costs, a

pro rata share of plant and warehousing overhead costs 

based upon the estimated usage of facilities and a pro 

rata share of selling, general and administrative, 

overhead and financial expenses. Such costs shall 

include payments by Curtice Burns to Pro-Fac under this

agreement but shall not include commercial market value

paid pursuant to paragraph 48, any additional payment 

<PAGE>55 

for Pro-Fac crops pursuant to paragraph 49 or any 

payment pursuant to paragraph 52. 

d. "Earnings (losses) on Pro-Fac products" shall 

mean the amount by which the net proceeds received by 

Curtice Burns from the sale of Pro-Fac products in any 

fiscal year exceeds or is less than the commercial 

market value of crops supplied by Pro-Fac. 

e. "Commission" shall mean a commission due 

Curtice Burns for its services in the processing and 

marketing of all Pro-Fac products in the amount of 30% 

of all earnings on Pro-Fac products. The remaining 70%

of all such earnings shall be due to Pro-Fac for its 

crops as provided in paragraphs 48 and 49 herein. If 

Curtice Burns incurs a loss on the sale of Pro-Fac 

products then Curtice Burns shall not be entitled to 

receive any commission. 

46. Commercial Market Value. Commercial market 

value shall be determined by a committee established jointly

by the boards of directors of Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns and 

consisting of two members appointed by the president of Pro-

Fac, two members appointed by the chairman of the board of 

Curtice Burns and a fifth member appointed by the other four

members of the committee. 

<PAGE>56 

47. Calculation of Earnings and Losses. The 

determination of earnings and losses on Pro-Fac products and

of any commission due Curtice Burns as herein provided shall

be made on the basis of all Pro-Fac products considered in 

the aggregate each year as of the end of the fiscal year for

each party. 

48. Payment for Crops. Curtice Burns shall pay 

to Pro-Fac as the minimum purchase price for the crops 

purchased from Pro-Fac each year the commercial market value

of those crops, together with any additional payment which 

may be due Pro-Fac pursuant to paragraph 49 hereof. The due

date for payment of the purchase price shall coincide with 

the time of payment for crops by Pro-Fac to its members. 

49. Additional Payment for Crops. Curtice Burns 

shall as of the end of each fiscal year remit to Pro-Fac all

earnings on the sale of Pro-Fac products, less the 

commission due Curtice Burns on the sale of such products. 

However, should the earnings on the sale of Pro-Fac products

less the commission exceed the amount allocated to Pro-Fac 

pursuant to paragraphs 50, 52 and 53 hereof, then the 

obligation of Curtice Burns to make payments as herein 

provided shall be limited to the amount specified in said 

paragraphs. 

<PAGE>57 

50. Division of Earnings. As further 

consideration to Pro-Fac for the use of its facilities and 

funds in the production and marketing of food products, 

Curtice Burns shall pay annually to Pro-Fac a portion of its

earnings as herein provided. 

51. Definitions for Division of Earnings. For 

purposes of the computation of the division of earnings, the

following terms shall have the definitions indicated: 

a. "Curtice Burns products and services" shall 

mean all products sold by Curtice Burns which are not 

Pro-Fac products as defined in paragraph 45(b) and all 

services performed by Curtice Burns for others, except 

those services performed for Pro-Fac for which Curtice 

Burns is specifically paid by Pro-Fac. 

b. "Adjusted equity investment" shall as to 

Curtice Burns mean the sum of: 

(1) the par value of the outstanding common 

stock of both classes as of the end of the fiscal 

year preceding the year for which that 

determination is to be made; 

(2) the additional paid in capital as to 

such stock; 

(3) the retained earnings of Curtice Burns 

as of the end of the fiscal year preceding the 

<PAGE>58 

year for which that determination is to be made; 

and 

(4) the par value and additional paid in 

surplus of stock sold during the fiscal year for 

which that determination is to be made, weighted 

in proportion to the number of days during the 

year for which the determination is to be made 

that the proceeds from the sale of such stock are 

available for use by Curtice Burns. 

c. As to Pro-Fac "adjusted deemed equity 

investment" shall mean generally all funds of Pro-Fac 

for which Pro-Fac does not receive interest from 

Curtice Burns, more particularly the sum of: 

(1) the par value of the outstanding common 

shares of Pro-Fac as of the end of the fiscal year

preceding the year from which that determination 

is to be made, excluding the par value of any 

shares subscribed but not paid for; 

(2) the par value of common stock issued and

paid for during the fiscal year for which that determination

is to be made, weighted in proportion to the number of days 

during the year for which the determination is to be made 

that the proceeds from the sale of such stock are available 

for use by Pro-Fac; 

<PAGE>59 

(3) the aggregate amount of all retains of 

Pro-Fac, determined as of the end of the fiscal 

year preceding the year for which that 

determination is to be made, excluding, however, 

retains which mature into preferred stock during 

the fiscal year for which that determination is to

be made; 

(4) all earnings of Pro-Fac as to which Pro-

Fac has paid income taxes, including earned 

surplus and allocated tax paid reserves ("earned 

surplus"), whether or not such earned surplus has 

been allocated to the accounts of or for the 

benefit of members or other patrons of Pro-Fac, 

determined as of the end of the fiscal year 

preceding the year for which that determination is

to be made ("determination date"). However, for 

purposes of this determination there shall only be

included in the earned surplus of Pro-Fac that 

which originated within the five years preceding 

the determination date; 

(5) 20 percent of the commercial market 

value of crops furnished by Pro-Fac for the crop 

year applicable to the fiscal year for which the 

determination is to be made, unless some other 

<PAGE>60 

amount is agreed to by the parties as appropriate 

to take into consideration the delay in payment 

for crops by Curtice Burns to Pro-Fac; 

(6) the aggregate amount for all fiscal 

years of Pro-Fac from that ended on March 31, 1962

through that ended on June 25, 1976 by which 

payment by Curtice Burns to Pro-Fac for crops was 

less than the commercial market value of such 

crops; and 

(7) the aggregate amount for all fiscal 

years of Pro-Fac during the term hereof by which 

Pro-Fac is paid less than the interest payable 

under this agreement. 

d. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount of 

Pro-Fac adjusted deemed equity investment may be 

modified by resolutions duly adopted by the boards of 

directors of Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns during the 

fiscal year affected by revising the amount of funds on

which Curtice Burns pays interest to Pro-Fac. To the 

extent that the amount of allocated tax paid reserves, 

earned surplus or retained funds on which Curtice Burns

pays interest to Pro-Fac as provided in paragraphs 5 

and 6 hereof, or the amount of funds derived from the 

issuance of preferred stock on which Curtice Burns pays

<PAGE>61 

interest as provided in paragraph 3-b hereof, is 

reduced, then the adjusted deemed equity of Pro-Fac 

shall be treated as increased by the amount of such 

reduction. Conversely, to the extent that the amount 

of allocated tax paid reserves, earned surplus or 

retained funds on which Curtice Burns pays interest to 

Pro-Fac as provided in paragraphs 5 and 6 hereof may be

increased, the adjusted deemed equity of Pro-Fac shall 

be treated as decreased by the amount of such increase.

52. Payment of Earnings to be Divided. Subject 

to the provisions of paragraph 53, Curtice Burns shall pay 

to Pro-Fac as of the close of each fiscal year of Pro-Fac in

each year during the term of this agreement an amount based 

upon the profits of Curtice Burns as herein provided. In 

determining the earnings (or losses) of Curtice Burns, there

shall be included in such computation all earnings (or 

losses) of all subsidiaries of Curtice Burns. The resultant

combined earnings or losses shall be allocated between the 

parties in proportion to their respective aggregate adjusted

equity and deemed equity investments as determined pursuant 

to this agreement. From that portion so allocable to Pro- 

Fac there shall be deducted the amount paid to Pro-Fac as 

provided in paragraphs 48 and 49 hereof. The balance of the

combined earnings or losses of Curtice Burns allocable to 

<PAGE>62 

Pro-Fac pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid by Curtice 

Burns to Pro-Fac. Should it be determined as herein 

provided that a loss is allocable to Pro-Fac as a result of 

the computations made pursuant to this paragraph, then 

Curtice Burns shall make no payment to Pro-Fac pursuant to 

this paragraph and the interest payable by Curtice Burns to 

Pro-Fac shall be reduced by the amount of such loss 

allocable to Pro-Fac. 

53. Further Adjustments to Division of Earnings.

Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 52 herein, the 

following additional adjustments shall be made in 

determining the division of earnings: 

a. In determining the earnings of Curtice Burns 

there shall be taken into account and charged to the 

operations of Curtice Burns the gain or loss on the 

sale or other disposition of assets of Pro-Fac which 

are leased to Curtice Burns. 

b. The amount of any payment due Pro-Fac from 

Curtice Burns pursuant to paragraph 52 shall be reduced

by 50% of any dividend received by Pro-Fac from the 

Springfield Bank for Cooperatives during the year for 

which earnings are to be divided. 

54. Payments to Members of Pro-Fac. While 

pursuant to paragraph 48 hereof Pro-Fac will receive from 

<PAGE>63 

Curtice Burns at least the commercial market value of all 

crops purchased each year, Pro-Fac shall not be obligated to

pay out that amount to its members and others who sold those 

crops to Pro-Fac. It is the intent of the parties hereto 

that Pro-Fac will pay or allocate to its grower-members and 

others entitled thereto the payments made by Curtice Burns 

pursuant to this agreement to the extent deemed advisable by 

the board of directors of Pro-Fac after retaining such funds 

as may be necessary for the payment of any dividends which 

may be declared and for the creation of such reserve funds 

as may be deemed fair and reasonable. 

MANAGEMENT 

55. Management Services. Pro-Fac hereby employs 

Curtice-Burns to supervise and manage the business and 

properties of Pro-Fac, including the performance of its 

responsibilities under this agreement and also including 

responsibility for handling the business of Pro-Fac with the

Springfield Bank for Cooperatives and any other banks with 

which Pro-Fac may do business. 

56. Asset Management. Pro-Fac agrees that 

Curtice-Burns shall have possession of its properties, both 

real and personal, money, all other assets and the business 

of Pro-Fac during the term hereof for the purpose of 

<PAGE>64 

carrying on the business of Pro-Fac as authorized by its 

certificate of incorporation and bylaws. 

57. Financial Management. All moneys and 

receipts derived from the business of Pro-Fac shall be the 

property of Pro-Fac but shall be deposited in such 

depositories in the name of Curtice-Burns as shall be 

determined by resolution of the board of directors of 

Curtice-Burns, subject to withdrawal by Curtice-Burns in the

course of Pro-Fac business. 

58. Financial Agency. All checks, drafts, orders

or other instruments for the payment of money shall be 

signed and endorsed by Curtice-Burns in the name of Pro-Fac.

59. Payment of Expenses. From revenue derived 

from the operation of Pro-Fac business Curtice-Burns shall 

pay all costs and expenses of such business, including, but 

not limited to, taxes, insurance, interest, depreciation, 

amortization, repairs, refunds, bonuses, legal and 

accounting fees, licenses, transportation, service, 

promotion, and any and all other expenses necessary or 

incident to operate the business of and comply with the 

legal commitments made by Pro-Fac. 

60. Books of Account. All accounting records and

books of account necessary for Curtice-Burns to perform its 

<PAGE>65 

obligations hereunder shall be kept at such office of 

Curtice-Burns as it deems appropriate. 

61. Standard of Care. Curtice-Burns will manage 

the business of Pro-Fac according to the best ability of its

officers, but without accountability for mistakes or errors 

of judgment or for any losses arising from negligence, fire,

water or casualty or from any other causes except for such 

losses resulting from gross negligence or willful 

misconduct. 

62. Policy Established by Pro-Fac Board of 

Directors. The supervision and management of the business 

of Pro-Fac by Curtice-Burns pursuant to this agreement shall

be in accordance with the general policies formulated and 

approved by the board of directors of Pro-Fac, which by this

agreement only delegates to Curtice-Burns the authority to 

manage and operate the business of Pro-Fac in its normal 

course, limited by the provisions of law as to the 

delegation of authority by a corporate board of directors. 

Curtice-Burns shall consult Pro-Fac and its board of 

directors on any matter which, by reason of its size or its 

nature, is not in the ordinary course of business. 

63. Access to Records. Pro-Fac, through its 

officers and board of directors, shall have free access to 

all the books and records of both Curtice-Burns and Pro-Fac 

<PAGE>66 

related to the business of Pro-Fac. Curtice-Burns will also

make available to the Pro-Fac officers and board of 

directors such operating and financial statements as the 

board may deem necessary and proper to keep Pro-Fac fully 

informed of the operation of its business. 

64. Hiring Authority. Curtice-Burns shall hire, 

pay and at its pleasure discharge or transfer, supervise and

direct all persons employed in the business of Pro-Fac 

during the term of this agreement. The chief executive 

officer of Curtice-Burns, with the approval of the board of 

directors of Pro-Fac, shall hire and discharge or transfer 

the chief executive officer of Pro-Fac, who shall be an 

officer of Pro-Fac with the title of general manager. 

Employees handling money shall be bonded in accordance with 

the requirements of the New York Cooperative Corporation Law

and in such amounts as may be determined by the board of 

directors of Pro-Fac. Employees operating under this 

agreement shall, for all purposes, be employees of Curtice- 

Burns, shall be paid by Curtice-Burns, and shall be entitled

to welfare, pension and insurance and similar benefits, 

either statutory or voluntary, on the same basis and under 

the same rules as other employees of Curtice-Burns who are 

similarly situated. Pro-Fac shall reimburse curtice-Burns 

for the cost of such employees. 

<PAGE>67 

GENERAL 

65. Assignment. This agreement may not be 

assigned by either party without the written consent of the

other. 

66. Arbitration. Should any dispute arise under 

this agreement, such dispute shall be resolved by three 

arbitrators, one appointed by Pro-Fac, one appointed by 

Curtice Burns and a third chosen by the two arbitrators so 

selected by the parties. The determination by a majority of

the arbitrators shall be final. 

67. Election of Directors. So long as this 

agreement is in effect the nominating committee of the board

of directors of Curtice Burns shall nominate a person 

designated by Pro-Fac for election each year as a director 

of Curtice Burns, and the Pro-Fac board of directors shall 

as provided in the Pro-Fac bylaws elect as a public director

of Pro-Fac the person so designated by Curtice Burns. 

68. Not A Partnership. Nothing in this agreement

shall be construed to have created a partnership between the

parties hereto. 

69. Amendment. This agreement may be amended or 

modified only by a written statement of such amendment or 

modification duly signed by each of the parties. 

<PAGE>68 

70. Headings. The headings preceding the text of

paragraphs of this agreement are for convenience only and 

shall not be deemed part of this agreement. 

71. Applicable Law. This agreement shall be 

governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the

State of New York. 

72. Renewal Option. Curtice Burns shall have the

right to extend this agreement for a period of five years 

beginning June 28, 1997 upon written notice to Pro-Fac 

before June 30, 1996. Thereafter, Curtice Burns shall also 

have an additional right to extend this agreement for 

another five years beginning June 29, 2002 upon written 

notice to Pro-Fac no later than June 30, 2001. At the time 

notice of renewal is given by Curtice Burns under either 

option to renew, either party may propose a change in the 

amounts to be paid by Curtice Burns as provided in 

paragraph 52 hereof during the term of such renewal. The 

amounts to be paid by Curtice Burns during such term shall 

then be promptly negotiated by the parties. If the parties 

are unable to agree, then the issue shall be settled by 

arbitration as provided in paragraph 67. Any dispute 

concerning such amounts to be paid pursuant to the 

provisions of this paragraph shall in no way invalidate the 

exercise of either renewal option by Curtice Burns, and upon

<PAGE>69 

such exercise the agreement shall be deemed renewed, subject

only to the resolution of any dispute as to the amount to be

paid as herein provided. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have each caused 

this agreement to be entered into and executed as of 

June 27, 1992. 

Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc. 

By: /s/ Robert V. Call 
Robert V. Call, Jr. - President

By: /s/ Roy A. Myers 
Roy A. Myers - General Manager

Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. 

By: /s/ Donald E. Pease 
Donald E. Pease 
Chairman of the Board 

By: /s/ David J. McDonald 
David J. McDonald - President 

<PAGE>70 
EXHIBIT B 

CBF PRESENTATION - PRO-FAC ANNUAL MEETING 

GRAND RAPIDS - JANUARY, 1993 

WHICH WAY TO THE FUTURE? 

(SLIDE 1 - TITLE) GOOD AFTERNOON, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. AS

YOU CAN SEE FROM THE TITLE OF THIS PRESENTATION, I'M NOT 

GOING TO SPEND TIME TODAY ON THE PAST -- I'M GOING TO LOOK 

TO THE FUTURE OF THIS GREAT AND UNIQUE JOINT VENTURE BETWEEN

CURTICE BURNS FOODS AND PRO-FAC CO-OPERATIVE. I SEE A VERY 

EXCITING AND SUCCESSFUL FUTURE FOR OUR JOINT VENTURE, IF -- 

AND ONLY IF -- WE STRENGTHEN OUR WILL TO ACCELERATE THE 

CHANGES WE HAVE ALREADY BEGUN IN OUR ORGANIZATION AND IN OUR

STRATEGIES SO THAT WE CAN COPE MORE EFFECTIVELY WITH THE 

INCREASED RATE OF CHANGE AND THE INCREASED COMPETITIVE 

PRESSURES NOW UNFOLDING IN THE FOOD BUSINESS. 

ACTUALLY, THE FUTURE OF THE FOOD BUSINESS IS HERE WITH US 

TODAY! 

(SLIDE 2 - SALES SLOWDOWN & PROFIT PRESSURE) CHANGES HAVE 

BEEN OCCURRING IN THE FOOD BUSINESS DURING THE PAST TEN 

YEARS AT AN ACCELERATING RATE, AND AS OF TODAY THEY HAVE 

REACHED A CRITICAL MASS WHICH IS NEGATIVELY IMPACTING OUR 

JOINT VENTURE -- SLOWING THE RATE OF SALES GROWTH AND 

<PAGE>71 

PLACING SIGNIFICANT PRESSURES ON PROFITABILITY. HERE IS

WHAT THE FUTURE OF THE FOOD BUSINESS LOOKS LIKE -- TODAY! 

1. (SLIDE 3 -- INDUSTRY CONSOLIDATION) FIRST, THERE IS 

THE CONSOLIDATION OF THE INDUSTRY. THIS HAS REACHED 

CRITICAL MASS IN BOTH AREAS OF THE INDUSTRY -- OUR 

COMPETITORS AND OUR CUSTOMERS. 

CONSOLIDATION OF OUR CUSTOMERS HAS GENERATED A REDUCED 

NUMBER OF VERY LARGE CUSTOMERS WHO ARE BEGINNING TO DOMINATE

THE BUSINESS -- EITHER DIRECTLY, OR BY THE MANNER IN WHICH 

THEY CAUSE THEIR COMPETITORS TO EMULATE THEIR BUSINESS 

PRACTICES. WAL-MART NOW HAS OVER 1,800 STORES STRETCHING 

FROM COAST TO COAST -- AND THEIR PIE FILLING BUSINESS NOT 

ONLY IS A VERY LARGE PIECE OF BUSINESS FOR US, BUT ALSO SETS

THE PRICING STRUCTURE FOR MUCH OF THE REMAINDER OF OUR PIE 

FILLING BUSINESS. FOOD LION, A TRADITIONAL GROCERY ACCOUNT 

WHICH NOW STRETCHES FROM FLORIDA TO PENNSYLVANIA AND FROM 

THE CAROLINAS TO TEXAS, IS THAT NEW ANIMAL ON THE SCENE -- 

THE "POWER BUYER". 

FOOD LION HAS CENTRALIZED IN ONE OFFICE THEIR BUYING FOR ALL

OF THEIR 1,000 STORES, AND IN SELLING TO FOOD LION IN THIS 

ENVIRONMENT IT HAS ALMOST REACHED THE POINT AT WHICH THEY 

<PAGE>72 

TELL YOU WHAT YOUR PRICE WILL BE RATHER THAN YOU TELL THEM.

PUBLIX AND WINN DIXIE BOTH HAVE TO COMPETE WITH FOOD LION IN

MUCH OF THEIR TERRITORY, AND AS YOU MIGHT EXPECT, THESE 

ACCOUNTS -- WHO USED TO HAVE GENTLEMANLY, GOOD OLD BOY 

BUYERS THROUGHOUT THEIR DIVISIONALIZED BUYING OFFICES -- 

HAVE NOW CENTRALIZED THEIR BUYING TO COMPETE WITH FOOD LION,

AND BELIEVE ME, THERE AIN'T NO MORE MR. NICE GUY. 

DOING BUSINESS NOW WITH THESE GIANT ACCOUNTS ARE GIANT FOOD 

COMPANIES -- 0UR COMPETITORS. THE TOP 50 FOOD PROCESSORS IN

THIS COUNTRY ACCOUNTED FOR 65% OF THE ASSETS EMPLOYED IN THE

FOOD BUSINESS IN 1980; IN 1992, THEY ACCOUNTED FOR 87% OF 

THESE ASSETS. 

SO WE HAVE GIANT FOOD PROCESSORS BEGINNING TO DOMINATE DOING

BUSINESS WITH GIANT FOOD RETAILERS AND WHOLESALERS, WHILE 

THE MID-SIZE COMPANIES -- SUCH AS OUR NINE OPERATING 

DIVISIONS -- FIND IT MORE AND MORE DIFFICULT TO STAND OUT IN

THIS ENVIRONMENT. 

2. (SLIDE 4 - PRICE COMPETITION) HISTORICALLY IN THE FOOD

BUSINESS, PROCESSORS HAVE BEEN ABLE TO RAISE PRICES TO 

COVER INFLATIONARY INCREASES AND PROTECT MARGINS. 

INDEED, FOR MUCH OF THE DECADE OF THE 80'S, FOOD 

<PAGE>73 

PROCESSORS WERE ABLE TO RAISE PRICES BEYOND THE RATE OF

INFLATION TO INCREASE MARGINS. THOSE DAYS ARE GONE! 

DRIVEN BY A NUMBER OF FACTORS -- IN PART BY THE CURRENT 

RECESSIONARY ECONOMY, IN LARGER MEASURE BY THE SHIFT IN 

CONSUMER ATTITUDES TO AN EMPHASIS ON VALUE, AND PERHAPS IN 

LARGEST MEASURE BY THEIR GROWING POWER OVER SUPPLIERS -- OUR

CUSTOMERS ARE PUTTING UNPARALLELED PRESSURE ON HOLDING 

SUPPLIER PRICES DOWN, AND WITH INFLATION STILL A REALITY IN 

OUR ECONOMY ALBEIT AT A LOWER RATE, THIS PRICING PRESSURE 

PUTS NEGATIVE PRESSURE ON PROCESSOR MARGINS. 

AS DICK CURRIE, CHAIRMAN OF LOBLAW COMPANIES IN CANADA, HAS 

REPEATEDLY WARNED SUPPLIERS: WE WILL NO LONGER ACCEPT YOUR 

PRICE INCREASES. PERIOD! 

3. (SLIDE 5 - PRIVATE LABEL) THE EUROPEANIZATION OF 

AMERICA IS WELL ON ITS WAY -- AT LEAST IN THE GROCERY 

BUSINESS. DID YOU KNOW THAT RETAILERS DOING 24% OF 

GROCERY VOLUME IN THE UNITED STATES ARE OWNED BY 

EUROPEAN COMPANIES? 

IN EUROPE, RETAILERS HAVE FOR SEVERAL DECADES BEEN 

DEVELOPING STRONG PRIVATE LABELS WHICH SERVE AS THEIR 

<PAGE>74 

MEANS OF DIFFERENTIATING THEMSELVES FROM THEIR 

COMPETITORS. 

VISIT A MARKS & SPENCERS RETAIL FOOD OUTLET IN THE 

U.K., AND YOU WILL FIND I WOULD ESTIMATE 80 - 90% OF 

THE SHELF SPACE OCCUPIED BY THEIR PRIVATE LABEL. 

VISIT A LOBLAWS STORE IN CANADA, AND YOU WILL SEE THE 

MOST SOPHISTICATED PRIVATE LABEL PROGRAM ON THIS 

CONTINENT -- A DUAL LEVEL PRIVATE LABEL PROGRAM WITH A 

PRESIDENT'S CHOICE PRIVATE LABEL WHICH PROVIDES QUALITY

EQUAL TO OR BETTER THAN THE BRANDS AT AN EQUAL OR ONLY 

SLIGHTLY LOWER PRICE, AND A NO-NAME STORE LABEL PROGRAM

WHICH PROVIDES DRAMATIC PRICE REDUCTIONS BUT AT SOME 

REDUCED QUALITY LEVEL. ONE MEASURE OF THE STRENGTH OF 

THIS PROGRAM IS THE FACT THAT LOBLAW WHICH OWNS ONLY 

25% OF THE TOTAL GROCERY BUSINESS, CONTROLS 50% OF THE 

CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE BUSINESS WITH THEIR PRESIDENT'S 

CHOICE DECADENT CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE. 

WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR FOOD PROCESSORS? IT MEANS THAT

THE SHELF OF THE FUTURE IN LARGE CATEGORIES WILL 

CONTAIN NO MORE THAN ONE OR TWO BRANDS WHICH HAVE MAJOR

CONSUMER FRANCHISES SUPPORTED BY HEAVY ADVERTISING, AND

<PAGE>75 

ONE TO TWO PRIVATE LABEL ENTRIES. IN SMALLER, NICHE

CATEGORIES, THERE WILL PROBABLY ONLY BE PRIVATE LABEL 

REPRESENTATION. 

4. (SLIDE 6 - ZERO SUM GAME) AND FINALLY, IT IS IMPORTANT

TO NOTE THAT THE FOOD BUSINESS IS ESSENTIALLY A ZERO 

SUM GAME. BY THIS I MEAN THAT THERE IS NO MAJOR GROWTH

IN THE FOOD BUSINESS, BEYOND POPULATION GROWTH -- WHICH

IS RUNNING AROUND ONLY 1% PER YEAR. 

THIS IS MUCH MORE SIGNIFICANT THAN IT MAY APPEAR AT 

FIRST. THE FUNCTION OF MANAGEMENT IS TO INCREASE 

SHAREHOLDER VALUE, AND YOU DO THIS BY INCREASING 

DIVIDENDS AND GENERATING STOCK APPRECIATION FOR OUR CBF

INVESTORS -- AND BY INCREASING EARNINGS ABOVE CMV AND 

INCREASING AGRICULTURAL TONNAGE SALES FOR OUR PRO-FAC 

INVESTORS. INCREASES IN DIVIDENDS AND EARNINGS ABOVE 

CMV AND STOCK APPRECIATION ARE DRIVEN BY INCREASED 

EARNINGS. IN EVEN A MILDLY INFLATIONARY ECONOMY, AND 

WITH STABLE TO DECLINING MARGINS, IT IS IMPOSSIBLE OVER

THE LONG HAUL TO COST REDUCE YOURSELF TO THE KIND OF 

PROFITABILITY GAINS NECESSARY TO DRIVE THESE FACTORS. 

YOU MUST GET THESE PROFITABILITY GAINS FROM SALES 

GROWTH. 

<PAGE>76 

HOWEVER, IF THERE IS NO MARKET GROWTH -- A ZERO-SUM 

GAME -- YOU MUST GET YOUR GROWTH FROM YOUR COMPETITOR 

YOU MUST TAKE IT AWAY FROM HIM. AND BELIEVE ME, HE'S 

TRYING TO DO THE SAME THING -- TAKE IT AWAY FROM YOU. 

(SLIDE 7 - WINNERS/LOSERS) WHAT THIS MEANS IS REALLY 

QUITE SIMPLE: THERE ARE ONLY TWO TYPES OF FOOD 

PROCESSORS TODAY AND ON INTO THE FUTURE -- LOSERS OR 

WINNERS. YOU EITHER GIVE AND YOU'RE A LOSER, OR YOU 

TAKE AND YOU'RE A WINNER! 

OUR JOINT VENTURE HAS A LONG HISTORY OF BEING A WINNER. 

FROM THE BEGINNING OF THE JOINT VENTURE UP THROUGH THE EARLY

80'S, OUR STRATEGY WORKED REMARKABLY WELL. 

WE BOUGHT SMALL REGIONAL FOOD PROCESSORS AT BARGAIN PRICES,

IMPROVED THEIR OPERATING RESULTS, AND USED THE INCREASED 

EARNINGS TO KEEP THE CYCLE GOING. 

(SLIDE 8 - WHICH WAY TO THE FUTURE?) IN THE MID-80'S WHEN

FOOD COMPANY ACQUISITION PRICES SKYROCKETED, THIS STRATEGY

HIT SOME VERY ROCKY GROUND. AND AS BRANDED COMPETITION 

INTENSIFIED IN THE LATE 80'S, OUR EFFORTS TO COMPETE WITH 

THE MAJOR BRANDS IN THIS COUNTRY MET WITH ONLY MIXED SUCCESS

<PAGE>77 

-- TODAY WE HAVE MORE OF OUR BRANDED PRODUCTS GOING DOWN IN

SHARE THAN WE HAVE STEADY OR GAINING IN SHARE. CLEARLY, WE 

MUST INTENSIFY OUR EFFORTS TO CHANGE IN ORDER TO DEAL WITH 

THE REALITIES OF TODAY'S FOOD BUSINESS. HERE IS WHAT WE ARE

DOING. 

(SLIDE 9 - CORP. STRATEGY REVIEW/DEVELOPMENT) A TASK GROUP 

HAS BEEN FORMED OF SENIOR OFFICERS -- INCLUDING ROY MYERS, 

PRO-FAC'S GENERAL MANAGER -- TO REVIEW STRATEGY OPTIONS FOR 

CURTICE BURNS FOODS, AND TO SELECT THE OPTIMUM STRATEGY. 

THIS GROUP IS SEEKING TO BRING TO BEAR THE BEST POSSIBLE 

RESOURCES IN DEVELOPMENT OF NEW STRATEGIES, INCLUDING 

OUTSIDE STRATEGIC CONSULTING ORGANIZATIONS. THIS IS NOT AN 

EASY TASK -- IT WILL BE AN ARDUOUS AND TIME CONSUMING 

ENDEAVOR, AND WE EXPECT THAT IT WILL NOT BE COMPLETED UNTIL 

JANUARY '94. 

THE NEW INITIATIVE REPRESENTS THE REALIZATION THAT NEW 

DIRECTIONS ARE REQUIRED TO DEAL WITH THE REALITIES OF THE 

FOOD BUSINESS OF TODAY -- IT REPRESENTS THE DETERMINATION TO

TIGHTEN OUR FOCUS, TO STRENGTHEN OUR COMMITMENT TO CERTAIN 

SPECIFIC DIRECTIONS, AND TO IMPLEMENT WITH A COHESIVENESS 

AND INTENSITY A STRATEGY WHICH WILL CARRY FORWARD THE 

WINNING TRADITION OF THIS GREAT JOINT VENTURE. 

<PAGE>78 

BUT JANUARY '94 IS A LONG WAY OFF. WHAT ARE WE DOING IN THE

MEANTIME TO GROW THE EARNINGS AND THE AGRICULTURAL TONNAGE 

OF THIS JOINT VENTURE? 

(SLIDE 10 - CLEAR THE DECKS) WE ARE ACCELERATING OUR 

EFFORTS TO "CLEAR THE DECKS". WE CAME INTO F'93 WITH THREE 

TROUBLED ACQUISITIONS. 

IN THE CASE OF OUR LUCCA FROZEN ENTREE BUSINESS, THE 

CONSOLIDATION WITH NALLEY'S U.S. WHICH WAS COMPLETED AT THE 

END OF F'92 PRODUCED A DRAMATIC REDUCTION IN THE LOSSES 

GENERATED BY THIS BUSINESS -- BUT THE BUSINESS WAS STILL 

LOSING MONEY, AND IT DID NOT APPEAR THAT WE COULD FIX THE 

PROBLEM. AS A RESULT, THE LUCCA BUSINESS HAS BEEN SOLD TO A

FIRM WITH THE SYNERGIES NECESSARY TO MAKE THAT FROZEN ENTREE

BUSINESS PROFITABLE FOR THEM. THANKS TO THE EFFORTS OF DAVE

MCDONALD, THE "DECKS HAVE BEEN CLEARED" WITH REGARD TO THE 

LUCCA FROZEN ENTREE BUSINESS. WE STILL HAVE TWO REMAINING 

SIGNIFICANT PROBLEMS, AND DAVE HAS AGGRESSIVE PROGRAMS 

UNDERWAY TO GET THOSE BUSINESSES ON A PROFITABLE FOOTING IN 

THE VERY NEAR TERM -- AND IF THAT DOES NOT PROVE TO BE 

PRACTICAL, WE WILL HAVE TO SELL THOSE BUSINESSES ALSO. 

<PAGE>79 

EITHER WAY, WE'VE GOT TO GET THOSE PROBLEMS BEHIND US 

RELATIVELY QUICKLY -- WE'VE GOT TO "CLEAR THE DECKS", SO 

THAT WE CAN FOCUS ON MOVING THIS BUSINESS FORWARD. 

(SLIDE 11 -- INTENSIFY CURRENT EFFORTS) ADDITIONALLY, WE'VE

GOT TO INTENSIFY THE EFFORTS CURRENTLY UNDERWAY TO BUILD OUR 

SALES VOLUME AND REDUCE OUR COSTS. THESE EFFORTS ARE MANY 

AND VARIED, AND THEY CUT ACROSS ALL DIVISIONS. ROY MYERS 

TOUCHED ON A NUMBER OF THE MAJOR COST REDUCTION PROGRAMS. 

IN THE LIMITED TIME I HAVE THIS AFTERNOON, IT'S IMPOSSIBLE 

TO COVER THE FULL SPECTRUM OF DIVISION ACTIVITIES TO GROW 

THEIR SALES VOLUME. HOWEVER, I WOULD LIKE TO HIGHLIGHT 

THREE SUCH PROGRAMS. 

(SLIDE 12 - NALLEY'S U.S. PICKLE SALES VOLUME) THE FIRST IS

THE NALLEY U.S. PICKLE BUSINESS. THIS IS A CLASSIC EXAMPLE 

OF THE SUCCESSFUL COLLABORATION OF PRO-FAC AND CURTICE BURNS

TO BUILD AGRICULTURAL TONNAGE AND EARNINGS IN THE FOOD 

BUSINESS. IT BEGAN WITH THE CONSTRUCTION OF A NEW PICKLE 

PLANT IN 1982. IT CONTINUED WITH THE ACQUISITION OF THE 

FARMAN BROS. PICKLE COMPANY IN 1987, AND THE SUCCESSFUL 

INTEGRATION OF THAT BUSINESS INTO THE NALLEY'S OPERATION. 

THE RESULTS SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES -- A 35% INCREASE IN PICKLE

POUND SALES OVER THAT PERIOD OF TIME. (SLIDE 13 - NALLEY 

<PAGE>80 

PICKLE EARNINGS) AND IN THAT SAME PERIOD OF TIME THE 

EARNINGS OF OUR JOINT VENTURE FROM THE NALLEY U.S. PICKLE 

BUSINESS MORE THAN QUADRUPLED. 

IS THIS THE END OF THE STORY? NO WAY. OUR PROGRESS IN THE 

PICKLE BUSINESS CONTINUES ON A VARIETY OF FRONTS. OUR 

NORTHWEST CUCUMBER GROWERS ARE WORKING WITH MECHANICAL 

HARVESTING TO LOWER GROWING COSTS. OUR NALLEY'S U.S. SALES 

AND MARKETING TEAM CONTINUES TO DEVELOP PROGRAMS TO BUILD 

THEIR VOLUME. (SLIDE 14 - NALLEY PLASTIC JAR) ONE EXAMPLE 

IS THEIR TEST INTRODUCTION OF A PLASTIC 46 OZ. PICKLE JAR --

THE FIRST IN THE INDUSTRY. 

FOR THOSE CONSUMERS WITH CONCERNS ABOUT BREAKAGE WITH THE 

LARGE GLASS PICKLE JAR -- PARTICULARLY THOSE CONSUMERS WITH 

YOUNG CHILDREN, RESEARCH HAS INDICATED THIS SHATTERPROOF JAR

WILL BE A VERY ATTRACTIVE PACKAGE. 

(SLIDE 15 - WALLA WALLA ONION DILL AND DILLEST DILL) 

NALLEY'S CONTINUES TO BE ACTIVE WITH NEW PICKLE PRODUCTS --

THE LATEST BEING NALLEY'S WALLA ONION DILLS AND NALLEY'S 

DILLEST DILLS, BOTH CONTINUING NALLEY'S REGIONAL SELLING 

PROPOSITION: THE UNIQUE FLAVORS OF THE GREAT NORTHWEST. 

LISTEN TO THIS RADIO ADVERTISING WITH WHICH NALLEY'S HAS 

<PAGE>81 

INTRODUCED THESE NEW PRODUCTS (SLIDE 16 - VIDEO TAPE OF 

NALLEY'S JARS AND AUDIO OF RADIO COMMERCIAL). 

(SLIDE 17 - DEL MONTE CO-PACK) TO TOP IT ALL OFF, NALLEY'S 

U.S. MANAGEMENT IS JUST ABOUT TO SIGN A MULTI-YEAR CONTRACT 

WITH THE DEL MONTE CORPORATION TO CO-PACK DEL MONTE'S 

PICKLES, REPLACING THE VLASIC DIVISION OF CAMPBELL SOUP AS 

CO-PACKER. THE CONTRACT CALLS FOR THIS PRODUCTION TO BEGIN 

WITH THE CALENDAR '94 CROP, ALTHOUGH NALLEY'S MANAGEMENT IS 

FOR OBVIOUS REASONS PUSHING TO BEGIN WITH THE CALENDAR '93 

CROP. 

THE RESULTS WILL BE VERY SIGNIFICANT WITH REGARD TO THE 

PICKLE BUSINESS OF OUR JOINT VENTURE, WITH POUND SALES 

INCREASING 16% BEYOND THE LEVELS WHICH I SHOWED YOU EARLIER 

-- AND OUR JOINT VENTURE EARNINGS INCREASING 31%. 

(SLIDE 18 - NALLEY'S CANADA EARNINGS) LET'S TAKE A QUICK 

TRIP NORTH OF NALLEY'S U.S. TO NALLEY'S CANADA, WHERE AS YOU

CAN SEE OUR JOINT VENTURE EARNINGS HAVE INCREASED 46% OVER 

THE LAST FIVE YEARS, SETTING ALL TIME HISTORICAL RECORDS. 

(SLIDE 19 - NALLEY CHIP AND SNACK EARNINGS) THIS HAS BEEN 

DRIVEN PRIMARILY BY A DRAMATIC EARNINGS TURNAROUND IN THE 

<PAGE>82 

NALLEY CANADA CHIP AND SNACK BUSINESS, WHICH WAS IN A LOSS 

POSITION FIVE YEARS AGO AND NOW ACCOUNTS FOR OVER 60% OF THE

DIVISIONS'S EARNINGS. 

(SLIDE 20 - NALLEY'S CANADA CHIP AND SNACK VOLUME) THIS 

IMPRESSIVE GAIN IN JOINT VENTURE EARNINGS HAS BEEN DRIVEN BY

A SPECTACULAR INCREASE IN POUND SALES VOLUME -- AS YOU CAN 

SEE FROM THIS CHART, THE POUND SALES HAVE ALMOST QUADRUPLED 

IN THIS SAME FIVE-YEAR PERIOD OF TIME. THESE IMPRESSIVE 

VOLUME GAINS HAVE BEEN DRIVEN BY A VARIETY OF CREATIVE AND 

AGGRESSIVELY PURSUED MARKETING AND SALES PROGRAMS -- 

(SLIDE 20-A - PHOTO OF SUPER CRUNCH) -- ONE OF WHICH IS THE 

INTRODUCTION OF NALLEY'S SUPER CRUNCH POTATO CHIPS WHICH 

BUILDS ON THE INCREDIBLE POPULARITY OF THE NATIONAL HOCKEY 

LEAGUE IN CANADA. 

LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT THE ADVERTISING FOR THIS NEW PRODUCT 

LINE (SLIDE 21 - SUPER CRUNCH COMMERCIAL). 

(SLIDE 22 - CMF TURN-AROUND) AND NOW AN EXAMPLE OF HOW WE 

ARE INTENSIFYING OUR EFFORTS TO IMPROVE EARNINGS WHICH IS 

CLOSER TO HOME FOR MOST OF YOU HERE. COMSTOCK MICHIGAN 

FRUIT, AS YOU KNOW, EMBARKED ON A MAJOR TURN-AROUND PROGRAM 

FOLLOWING A DRAMATIC DECLINE IN EARNINGS FROM F'88 TO F'90.

<PAGE>83 

AS YOU WILL SEE HERE, THE AGGRESSIVE AND CREATIVE EFFORTS BY

ALL MEMBERS OF OUR JOINT VENTURE TEAM ARE SUCCEEDING MORE 

RAPIDLY THAN WE HAD EXPECTED -- THE CMF TURN-AROUND IS WELL 

ON ITS WAY! 

(SLIDE 23 - PIE FILLING EARNINGS) AS YOU CAN SEE FROM THIS 

CHART, ONE OF THE MAIN DRIVERS OF THIS TURN-AROUND IS OUR 

PIE FILLING BUSINESS, WHERE JOINT VENTURE EARNINGS IN F'93 

WILL SET AN ALL-TIME HISTORICAL RECORD. 

(SLIDE 24 - PIE FILLING POUND SALES) HOWEVER, THE POUND 

SALES PICTURE ON CMF PIE FILLING IS NOT AS STRONG -- WHILE 

POUND SALES ARE UP 20% IN F'93 OVER F'88, THEY ARE DOWN 3% 

VERSUS THEIR PEAK IN F'90. WE ARE NOT SATISFIED WITH THIS 

TREND, BECAUSE WE RECOGNIZE OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO THE JOINT 

VENTURE TO GENERATE LONG-TERM GAINS IN AGRICULTURAL RAW 

MATERIAL. BASED ON A SUGGESTION WHICH CAME TO MY ATTENTION 

AT A MICHIGAN REGIONAL PRO-FAC MEETING A COUPLE OF YEARS 

AGO, WE DID SOME RESEARCH ON THE IDEA OF INCREASING THE 

FRUIT CONTENT OF OUR PIE FILLINGS. (SLIDE 23 - PHOTOS OF 

INCREASED FRUIT CHERRY PIE FILLING) CONSUMERS REACTED VERY 

WELL TO THE CONCEPT OF A PIE FILLING WITH INCREASED FRUIT 

CONTENT, MARKETED UNDER THE SELLING PROPOSITION OF "MORE 

FRUIT -- MORE FLAVOR". 

<PAGE>84 

COMSTOCK ENTERED TWO MARKETS TO TEST THIS SELLING 

PROPOSITION IN THE FALL OF '92, USING THE PRODUCTS AND 

LABELS YOU SEE HERE -- IN ONE TEST MARKET COMPLETELY 

REPLACING THE EXISTING LINE WITH THE INCREASED FRUIT 

PRODUCT, AND IN THE OTHER TEST MARKET ADDING THE INCREASED 

FRUIT PRODUCT AS A LINE EXTENSION WHILE LEAVING THE PRESENT 

PRODUCTS ON THE SHELF. LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT THE TWO 

COMMERCIALS USED IN THESE TEST MARKETS -- REMEMBERING THAT 

ONE IS FOR THE LINE EXTENSION AND THE OTHER FOR A COMPLETE 

REPLACEMENT PRODUCT. (SLIDE 26 - INCREASED FRUIT PIE 

FILLING COMMERCIALS) IT IS AT THIS POINT IN TIME TOO EARLY 

TO READ THE RESULTS OF THESE TEST MARKETS. REST ASSURED WE 

WILL DO SO AT THE EARLIEST POSSIBLE DATE, AND IF THE RESULTS

ARE POSITIVE, EXPAND AS RAPIDLY AS POSSIBLE. 

WE UNDERSTAND THE VERY POSITIVE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS TEST 

FOR THOSE PRO-FAC MEMBERS WHO SUPPLY FRUIT FOR OUR PIE 

FILLINGS. 

(SLIDE 27 - CMF TURN-AROUND) WE HAVE SEEN A VERY EXCITING 

TURN-AROUND IN THE EARNINGS OF THE COMSTOCK MICHIGAN FRUIT 

DIVISION DURING THE PAST 2 1/2 YEARS. 

<PAGE>85 

(SLIDE 28 - PHOTO OF CMF MISSION/CULTURE STATEMENT) ONE OF

THE MAJOR DRIVERS OF THAT TURN-AROUND IS THE NEW CULTURE 

THAT WE ARE IN THE PROCESS OF BUILDING WITHIN CMF. LET ME 

READ TO YOU A FEW OF THE KEY PHRASES FROM THIS CULTURE 

STATEMENT: "PEOPLE IN OUR ORGANIZATION SHOULD EXHIBIT AN 

INDOMITABLE WILL TO WIN, THE FLEXIBILITY TO ADAPT TO 

CONTINUING CHANGE IN THE MARKETPLACE, AND THE EXTRA 

CREATIVITY AND DISCIPLINE NECESSARY TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR

OPPORTUNITIES. IN ORDER TO ENCOURAGE THAT COMMITMENT AND 

SUPPORT, WE MUST CREATE AN ENVIRONMENT WHICH RESPECTS THE 

INDIVIDUAL, EMPOWERS HIS OR HER CONTRIBUTION THROUGH 

COMMUNICATION AND TRAINING, TREATS MISTAKES AS A LEARNING 

EXPERIENCE, AND REWARDS SUCCESS." SLIDE 29 - UNBEATABLE 

TEAM LOGO) WE BELIEVE WE HAVE WITHIN COMSTOCK MICHIGAN 

FRUIT THE CAPABILITY TO BE THE UNBEATABLE TEAM!" 

(SLIDE 30 - UNBEATABLE TEAM LOGO WITH CBF AND PRO-FAC LOGO)

I BELIEVE THAT WE HAVE WITHIN OUR JOINT VENTURE -- CURTICE 

BURNS FOODS AND PRO-FAC CO-OPERATIVE -- THE CAPABILITY TO BE

THE UNBEATABLE TEAM! THANK YOU. 

<PAGE>86 

Curtice Burns Foods 

March 23, 1993 

To: The Curtice Burns Foods Team 

From: Bill Petty 

Subject: Potential Purchase of Agway Interest in Curtice 
Burns Foods 

As many of you know, Agway Inc. has been thinking about
selling their interest in Curtice Burns Foods since last 
fall. Agway's decision to consider the sale of its Curtice 
Burns shares is part of their overall strategic plan of 
focusing on their agriculture, consumer retailing, energy, 
insurance and leasing businesses. Today the board of 
directors of Agway authorized Agway management to actively 
explore this sale. 

The board of directors of Pro-Fac Cooperative, our 
joint venture partner and the organization which finances 
Curtice Burns Foods, has declared its desire to purchase the
Agway interest in Curtice Burns Foods. The objective of 
Pro-Fac's purchase would be to preserve the present 
structure of the unique and strong joint venture which is 
Curtice Burns Foods and Pro-Fac Cooperative. Such a 
purchase would retain for Pro-Fac's grower-members across 
the United States the substantial benefits of this joint 
venture, including development of markets for their raw 
product and sharing in earnings of the joint venture. A 
Special Committee of the Pro-Fac board has been formed to 
spearhead this purchase effort. 

A Special Committee of the Curtice Burns board of 
directors has also been formed. Curtice Burns has, as I 
believe many of you are aware, the right of first refusal on
the purchase of Agway's Curtice Burns Class B shares. 

This situation has very positive possibilities for us, 
in that it could put control of our future in the hands of 
our own joint venture (the interest Agway is selling 
includes 99 percent of the Class B common stock, which 
elects two thirds of the Curtice Burns Board of directors).
At the same time, it has risk for us, in that outside 
interests could possibly acquire control of Curtice Burns. 

<PAGE>87 
A decision by the Agway board to actually sell their 
interest in Curtice Burns is of course dependent upon their 
receiving an offer which is satisfactory to them regarding 
price, terms, etc., whether from Pro-Fac or another source.
We have no way of knowing how long it will take to bring 
this possible purchase of Agway's interest to a conclusion, 
but we will keep you informed of significant developments as
they occur. 

Right now, the best thing each of us can do is to focus
single-mindedly on the day-to-day challenges of building the
sales and earnings of each of our businesses. This is the 
key to putting us in the strongest possible position for the
future. And it is what you all do so well - it's what makes
you THE UNBEATABLE TEAM! 

J. William Petty 
President 

<PAGE>88 
EXHIBIT C 

PROFAC COOPERATIVE, INC. 
90 Linden Oaks Office Park 
Post Office Box 682 
Rochester, New York 14603 
Phone: (716) 383-1850 
Fax: (716) 383-1281 

November 4, 1993 

To the Directors of Curtice Burns and Agway 

Pro-Fac has recently been advised that unless it agrees
to several demands from Curtice Burns, at the meeting of the
Curtice Burns board on November 11 management will recommend
that Curtice Burns terminate its 32 year joint venture with 
Pro-Fac. 

Pro-Fac strongly believes that its relationship with 
Curtice Burns has been good for both sides and should be 
preserved if at all possible. An abrupt decision to 
terminate the relationship, particularly in the absence of a
clear alternative course, does not appear prudent in any 
circumstance. Such a termination would violate duties owed 
to Pro-Fac by both Curtice Burns and Agway and will embroil 
you in litigation over management of the joint venture. 

Pro-Fac has bent over backwards to try to accommodate
the legitimate goals of Curtice Burns, including agreeing to
the sale of National Oats over the objection of our largest 
member. Pro-Fac has also agreed to the sale of Hiland and 
Meat Snacks on the same terms as National Oats, subject only
to those sale not being used to the detriment of Pro-Fac. 
Curtice Burns and Agway, by contrast, have tried to shut 
Pro-Fac out of the process, despite the clear need to 
involve Pro-Fac in any sale of Curtice Burns. 

The Special Committee of the Pro-Fac board has prepared
this statement for you in the hope that it will help you to
understand the position of Pro-Fac on these issues and to 
show how they may be resolved without acrimonious litigation
over an attempt to terminate the Integrated Agreement. 

<PAGE>89 
Trust Between Venturers 

Pro-Fac and Curtice Burns have long operated as a joint
venture between growers and processors for their mutual 
benefit. Pro-Fac has always provided at least half the 
equity and most of the borrowed funds used in the venture. 
The mission statement adopted by the Curtice Burns board 
appropriately states that Curtice Burns is to be operated 
for the benefit of the members of Pro-Fac as well as for the
shareholders of Curtice Burns. Curtice Burns has stated 
that to fulfill its mission it will ". . . assure the 
continuity of our successful relationship with Pro-Fac . . .
whose . . . members . . . share in the economic risks and 
rewards of the enterprise." 

As part of the joint arrangements, Curtice Burns has 
managed Pro-Fac for over three decades. Throughout that 
period, at the recommendation of Curtice Burns, Pro-Fac has
consented to finance long-term investments at the expense of
current earnings. As you know, Pro-Fac has the contractual 
right to a substantial share in the current earnings of the 
business but agreed to those growth strategies because of 
mutual expectations of the continuation of the joint 
enterprise. 

In recent months, Curtice Burns seems to have been 
acting solely to further the interest of its shareholders, 
disregarding the years of investments by Pro-Fac, reducing 
the return to its members and instead having Agway and the 
other shareholders of Curtice Burns. In fact, Agway has 
advised us that it has instructed its directors of Curtice 
Burns to conduct the business solely for the benefit of 
shareholders of Curtice Burns, without any regard to Pro- 
Fac. Having seen its growth strategy result in assets worth
substantially more than book value, Curtice Burns now is 
attempting to deny Pro-Fac its rightful share of that value
and to penalize Pro-Fac by charging it with the Curtice 
Burns' failures. 

Pro-Fac Proposal 

Pro-Fac continues to believe that its proposal to 
acquire Curtice Burns at a substantial premium to market 
provides the best solution for all parties. 

Agway has complained that the proposal is contingent on
the sale of Nalley's at $217,000,000. But this is at the 

<PAGE>90 
low end of the Nalley values set forth by the Agway and 
Curtice Burns' investment bankers. Moreover, Pro-Fac has 
offered to give any overage to the shareholders. If the 
Curtice Burns and Agway investment bankers are accurate in 
valuing Nalley's at over $217 million, all shareholders 
would receive approximately $22 per share. 

Pro-Fac has requested the cooperation of management in 
exploring the sale of Nalley's so that it may remove that 
contingency from its offer. But Curtice Burns has said that
unless Pro-Fac agrees to a termination price, it will not 
cooperate with Pro-Fac in the sale of Nalley's. 

The attempts of Curtice Burns and Agway to prevent Pro-
Fac from perfecting its offer to buy the A and B shares of 
Curtice Burns at a substantial premium over market violate 
both their obligation to Pro-Fac in the joint venture and 
their duty to negotiate any proposal for the benefit of the 
non-Agway shareholders of Curtice Burns, who should be given
a chance to evaluate the Pro-Fac offer. 

Nalley's may not be sold without the concurrence of 
both Curtice Burns and Pro-Fac. They should cooperate to 
see whether there is a buyer for Nalley's acceptable to both
at a price sufficient to meet the contingency in the Pro-Fac
offer to the shareholders of Curtice Burns. Pro-Fac has 
already received substantial interest in Nalley's and 
Curtice Burns should not stand in the way of discussions 
with any responsible buyers. 

Hiland and Meat Snacks 

At the end of fiscal 1993, the Curtice Burns board 
accepted a recommendation from management that it explore 
termination of its relationship with Pro-Fac. At the same 
time the value of Meat Snacks and Hiland was written down to
such an extent that it eliminated Pro-Fac earnings for the 
year and caused a substantial reduction in Pro-Fac equity. 
Now Curtice Burns proposes to take further advantage of the 
write-down to reduce the cost of termination. 

Pro-Fac has agreed to approve the sale of Hiland and 
Meat Snacks, provided that the fact of the sale will not be 
used against Pro-Fac in determining termination payments 
under the integrated agreement. This condition is entirely 
reasonable. Curtice Burns, on the other hand, is asking you
to approve a transaction which imposes substantial losses on

<PAGE>91 
Pro-Fac (almost $30 million) without giving Pro-Fac its fair
share of the gain in appreciated companies. It cannot be 
fair for Curtice Burns to take all of its book losses in one
year and reserve for itself the gains on appreciated assets
-- assets that Pro-Fac financed -- only after Pro-Fac has 
been terminated. 

The arrangement for the sale of Hiland and Meat Snacks 
proposed by Pro-Fac preserves both the ability of Curtice 
Burns to maintain that the year-end write-down was proper 
and that is should reduce the amount payable upon 
termination, as well as the ability of Pro-Fac to argue to 
the contrary, should it ever be necessary to determine the 
amount due on termination. Neither side gives up anything 
from its current position, and Hiland and Meat Snacks are 
sold to the benefit of everybody. 

Negotiation of the Termination Payments 

Curtice Burns has been most insistent that the amount 
of termination payment under the integrated agreement be 
negotiated and agreed to now. By its unyielding insistence 
on the necessity of an agreed-upon termination amount, 
Curtice Burns gives the impression that it would gain a 
valuable advantage from such agreement. The position of 
Curtice Burns seems to be "either you agree to a termination
price, or we will terminate you". This position is wrong 
and impractical. 

In summary, Pro-Fac wants to maintain a market for 
crops of its members and to be treated fairly in light of 
its investment and reliance on joint management of its 
business by Curtice Burns. It also shares the Curtice Burns
objective of greater profitability, and it believes that it 
is the party willing to pay the highest price for the shares
of Curtice Burns. 

We are prepared to move forward promptly to resolve the
outstanding issues between us, most notably approval of the 
sale of Hiland and Meat Snacks under the condition described
above. We also should cooperate to find a buyer for 
Nalley's so that we may conclude negotiations for the sale 
of Curtice Burns to Pro-Fac, the course of action we believe
is in the best interests of our members and your 
shareholders. Pro-Fac is willing to consider any idea, 
including modifying the integrated agreement. 

<PAGE>92 
The alternative -- an attempt to terminate the 
integrated agreement -- will lead only to long and costly 
litigation. Far from ending gridlock, it is likely to 
intensify it through the hardening of attitudes that comes 
with litigation. 

Until recently, the relationship between Curtice Burns 
and Pro-Fac has been that of productive partners. We want 
to do whatever we can to restore that relationship. We hope
this letter will help to do so. 

Very truly yours, 

The Pro-Fac Special Committee:

Robert V. Call, Jr. 
Albert Fazio 
Bruce Fox 
Steven Koinzan 

<PAGE>93 
EXHIBIT 2 

PRO FAC COOPERATIVE, INC. 
90 Linden Oaks Office Park 
Post Office Box 682 
Rochester, New York 14603 
Phone: (716) 383-1850 
Fax: (716) 383-1281 

August 4, 1994

Board of Directors 
Curtice Burns Foods, Inc. 
90 Linden Place 
Rochester, New York 14603 

Gentlemen and Madam: 

Through meetings with representatives of Curtice Burns,
Agway and Dean Foods and discussions among our respective 
legal counsel and financial advisors during the past several
weeks, it appears that the parties still have significantly 
different views of Pro-Fac's rights under the Integrated 
Agreement. One thing on which we likely all agree is that 
it is in no one's interest to prolong these matters. 

Although we remain confident that in any dispute 
resolution proceeding our position would prevail, we believe
a prompt resolution would permit management to go back to 
business as usual and not continue to be diverted by the 
change of control issue. To facilitate a timely resolution
of these issues and as part of our settlement discussions, 
Pro-Fac is submitting this proposal to acquire all of the 
Class A and Class B Common Stock of Curtice-Burns Foods, 
Inc. 

Proposal; Cash Consideration 

Pro-Fac proposes, subject to the conditions in this 
letter, to enter into a merger agreement with Curtice Burns,
pursuant to which Pro-Fac would purchase the Class A Common 
Stock and Class B Common Stock of Curtice Burns at a price 
of $19.00 per share in cash to the Curtice Burns 
shareholders. This proposal is based on the assumption that
6,628,430 and 2,056,876 shares of Class A Common Stock and 
Class B Common Stock, respectively, are outstanding, that 
281,144 shares of Class A Common Stock are issuable pursuant
to in-the-money options outstanding, that gross proceeds of 

<PAGE>94 
approximately $3,700,000 would be received by Curtice Burns
upon the exercise of such options and that such shares 
outstanding and such shares issuable upon the exercise of 
in-the-money options (collectively, the "Shares") are the 
only shares required to be purchased. 

Additional Value 

As part of the consummation of the transaction and as 
additional considerable to Curtice Burns and its 
shareholders, Pro-Fac would relinquish its claims against 
Curtice Burns under the Integrated Agreement. As we have 
discussed with your legal representatives, we believe that 
the value of these claims represents at least $5.75 per 
Share, based on the amount that would be due Pro-Fac upon 
completion of the proposed transaction between Curtice Burns
and Dean Foods Company. Based on this value, Pro-Fac's 
proposal to acquire the Shares is substantially higher than 
Dean Foods' proposal. This additional value should not be 
construed as an indication of what we would agree to in a 
cash settlement of our claims. Rather, it signifies that 
there may be additional value to Pro-Fac in acquiring 
Curtice Burns. By making this offer, Pro-Fac is not waiving
any of its rights or claims. 

Financing 

Based on conversations with senior lenders, Dillon, 
Reach & Co. Inc. ("Dillon Read") has received preliminary 
indications of interest in financing an acquisition by Pro- 
Fac of the Shares. The Springfield Bank for Cooperatives 
and two other AAA rated financial institutions have each 
individually indicated an interest in acting as agent bank 
in providing between $275 million and $325 million of senior
secured financing commitments. In addition, Dillon Read has
indicated that upon satisfactory completion of its due 
diligence investigation, it will issue a highly confident 
letter with respect to up to $175 million of subordinate 
debt. 

Pro-Fac believes that it will be able to deliver to 
Curtice Burns a highly confident letter from Dillon Read as
to the issuance of subordinated debt and firm commitment 
letters from its commercial lenders providing senior 
financing for the transaction within three weeks of Curtice 
Burns' advising Pro-Fac of its acceptance of this proposal. 

<PAGE>95 
While our clear preference was to provide you with firm
commitments from senior lenders and a highly confident 
letter from Dillon Read along with this letter, the senior 
lenders and Dillon Read's high-yield representatives have 
not been allowed to conduct their due diligence 
investigation. As we have indicated to your representative,
these investigations are necessary to give such assurances. 
Our financial advisors are available to discuss the proposed
financing structure and the status of the bank commitments 
with Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette 
Securities Corporation. 

Member Approval 

Pro-Fac has requested, by letter distributed today to 
its members (a copy of which is attached as Exhibit A), the 
approval of its members to a purchase by Pro-Fac of the 
Shares as described in this proposal. Pro-Fac has scheduled
a series of informational meetings to discuss this proposal 
and a special meeting of its members on August 31, 1994, in 
Rochester, New York, to approve the proposed acquisition. 

Given the significance of this transaction to its 
members, Pro-Fac is seeking this formal approval. We 
anticipate obtaining approval of the proposed acquisition by
a majority of Pro-Fac's members. During the past several 
week, Pro-Fac's general manager and its directors have met 
with approximately 200 members in Western New York, 
Illinois, Illinois, Michigan, Nebraska, Georgia, 
Pennsylvania, Oregon and Washington. Over 90% of these 
members have supported an acquisition by Pro-Fac. These 
meetings across the country and the meetings we will hold 
during the next few weeks have been scheduled in order to 
ensure that we have member approval for the proposed 
acquisition in advance of the signing of definitive 
documentation with Curtice Burns. 

Management 

Pro-Fac has previously reviewed with you its plan for 
management of the ongoing business. Both the Springfield 
Bank for Cooperatives and Dillon Read have accepted the plan
for financing purposes. The plan is summarized in Schedule 
A to this letter. 

<PAGE>96 
Other Terms 

Pro-Fac's proposal is, of course, contingent on 
approval by the Board of Directors and shareholders of 
Curtice Burns. This proposal also is contingent on Curtice 
Burns terminating all negotiations with Dean Foods and 
Hormel Foods, and any other party, regarding a sale of all 
or part of the business of Curtice Burns, subject to the 
exercise of the Curtice Burns Board of Director's fiduciary 
duty pursuant to written advice of counsel to Curtice Burns.

Pro-Fac's proposal includes the assumption that Curtice
Burns' fees and expenses incurred in connection with the 
change of control issue and disputes with Pro-Fac will not 
exceed $7.5 million, including investment banking fees which
in the aggregate (assuming completion of the transaction) 
will not exceed $4.985 million. 

Except as otherwise indicated in this letter, a 
purchase by Pro-Fac of the Shares would be subject to the 
terms and conditions as set out in our June 7, 1994 
proposal. We will be available to meet with the Curtice 
Burns Board of Directors to discuss this proposal in more 
detail, if you desire. In addition, our legal and financial
advisors are prepared to meet with your respective 
representatives to discuss further this proposal. We would 
appreciate your response to this proposal by 9:00 a.m., 
Eastern daylight time, on August 10, 1994, after which time 
it may be withdrawn. 

Very truly yours, 

Roy A. Myers 
General Manager 

cc: Peter J. O'Neill 
(Agway Inc.) 

Joseph D. Gatto 
(Goldman, Sachs & Co.) 

L. Price Blackford 
(Donaldson, Lukfin & Jenrette 
Securities Corporation) 

<PAGE>97 
Alan C. Stephenson 
(Cravath, Swaine & Moore) 

Dennis S. Hersch 
(Davis Polk & Wardwell) 

Attachments: 

Schedule A Management Plan 
Exhibit A Letter to Members dated August 4, 1994 

<PAGE>98 
SCHEDULE A 

Management Plan 

Pro-Fac's management plan for Curtice Burns, in summary, is
as follows: 

bullet Pro-Fac would own the stock of Curtice Burns, but
maintain its separate existence as an independent 
company, following the National Grape-Welch's 
model. 

bullet To ensure its independence from the cooperative's 
interest, Curtice Burns would have on its board of
directors eleven directors, at least three of whom
would be independent and three of whom would 
represent Curtice Burns' management. 

bullet Pro-Fac would leave existing management in place 
except for the chief executive officer of Curtice 
Burns. Pro-Fac, with the assistance of its 
independent directors and with consultation with 
Dillon Read and the senior lenders, would complete
Pro-Fac's current search for a chief executive 
officer. 

<PAGE>99 
EXHIBIT 3 

PRO FAC COOPERATIVE, INC. 
90 Linden Oaks Office Park 
Post Office Box 682 
Rochester, New York 14603 
Phone: (716) 383-1850 
Fax: (716) 383-1281 

August 9, 1994

Board of Directors 
Curtice-Burns Foods, Inc. 
90 Linden Place 
Rochester, New York 14603 

Gentleman and Madam: 

Thank you for the opportunity to discuss our August 4 
proposal with you in detail. We believe you should 
understand the seriousness of the proposal and the financing
and Pro-Fac's intentions to complete a transaction on a 
timely basis. 

We also appreciated the frank discussion on your 
concerns over resolving the outstanding disputes under the 
Integrated Agreement. As part of the proposal outlined in 
the August 4 letter, Pro-Fac will agree to an expedited 
schedule for arbitration beginning on the signing of the 
Merger Agreement, which we hope would occur immediately 
following our August 31 member meeting. Our counsels can 
work out the terms of that process during the period that 
the banks and Dillon Read complete due diligence. 

On signing Merger Agreement, we would require the 
commitment of Curtice-Burns and Agway to give full support 
to the completion of our financing. 

The other terms of our August 4 letter remain the same.
This proposal expires at 9:00 a.m. on August 10, 1994. 

Sincerely, 

Roy A. Myers 
General Manager 

<PAGE>100 
EXHIBIT 1

CURTICE BURNS FOODS RECEIVES REVISED 
PRO-FAC ACQUISITION OFFER 

Rochester, NY, August 12, 1994 -- Curtice-Burns 

Foods, Inc. (AMEX: CBI) today announced that it received 

letters from Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc. setting forth a 

proposal by Pro-Fac to acquire all the outstanding common 

stock of Curtice Burns for $19.00 per share in cash. The 

proposal was subject to a number of contingencies including 

obtaining senior and subordinated debt financing (none of 

which has been committed). This is the second proposal that

Pro-Fac has submitted; the first, which was for $16.87 per 

share in cash, was rejected by the Curtice Burns Board of 

Directors on June 8, 1994. 

It is not expected that the Curtice Burns Board of

Directors will take any definitive action with respect to 

the Pro-Fac proposal until a number of the contingencies 

involved in the proposal have been clarified or resolved. 

Curtice Burns Foods processes and markets 21 

product lines of regional branded, private label, and food 

service products through seven autonomously managed 

divisions located throughout the United States and Western 

Canada.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>