<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950112-94-000049.txt : 19940114
<IMS-HEADER>0000950112-94-000049.hdr.sgml : 19940114
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950112-94-000049
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940107
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIACOM INTERNATIONAL INC/DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814135
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	4833
		IRS NUMBER:				042980402
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09554
		FILM NUMBER:		94501109

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1515 BROADWAY
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2122586000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARSENAL ACQUIRING CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870622
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>VIACOM INTERNATIONAL INC.
<TEXT>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

-----------------------------------

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

-----------------------------------

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): January 7, 1994

VIACOM INTERNATIONAL INC.
-------------------------
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-9554 04-2980402
--------------- ---------------- ----------------
(State or other (Commission File (I.R.S. Employer
jurisdiction of Number) Identification No.)
Incorporation)

1515 Broadway, New York, New York 10036
-------------------------------------- --------
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (212) 258-6000

Page 1 of [ 7 ] Pages
Exhibit Index Appears on Page [ 7 ]
<PAGE>

Item 5. Other Events.

On January 7, 1994, Viacom Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Viacom"), and the parent of Viacom International
Inc. (the "Company"), and Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Blockbuster"), entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 7,
1994 (the "Merger Agreement"), providing for the merger of
Blockbuster with and into Viacom, with Viacom as the surviving
corporation (the "Merger"). The Merger is intended to qualify
as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes.

The Merger Agreement provides that, at the effective
time of the Merger, each share of common stock, par value $.10
per share, of Blockbuster ("Blockbuster Common Stock"), will be
converted into the right to receive (i) .08 of one share of
Class A common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Viacom
("Class A Common Stock"), (ii) .60615 of one share of Class B
common stock, par value $.01 per share, of Viacom ("Class B
Common Stock") and (iii) up to an additional .13829 of one
share of Class B Common Stock, with such amount to be
determined in accordance with, and the right to receive such
shares to be evidenced by, one variable common right (a "VCR")
issued by Viacom and having the terms described in the Merger
Agreement.

Consummation of the Merger is subject to certain
conditions, including, among other things, approval of the
Merger by the stockholders of Viacom and Blockbuster, the
expiration or termination of the waiting period under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, receipt
of certain regulatory approvals and confirmation that the
Merger qualifies as a tax-free reorganization for federal
income tax purposes. In addition, the Merger Agreement
provides that Blockbuster will reimburse Viacom for its
transaction-related expenses if the Merger Agreement is
terminated and certain other conditions are met, up to a
maximum of $50 million.

A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached hereto as
Exhibit 2.1 and the summary of the Merger Agreement set forth
herein is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto.

In connection with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, Viacom and certain stockholders of Blockbuster
entered into a Stockholders Stock Option Agreement, dated as of
January 7, 1994 (the "Stock Option Agreement"), pursuant to
which such stockholders granted to Viacom irrevocable options
to purchase up to 15,004,970 shares of Blockbuster Common Stock
(the "Option Shares") at an exercise price of

Page 2

<PAGE>

$30.125 per share (the "Options"). The Options will become
exercisable if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain
circumstances. In addition, such stockholders granted to the
Company proxies to vote the Option Shares in favor of the
Merger and against any competing business combination proposal.
Also, Viacom and certain additional stockholders of Blockbuster
entered into a Proxy Agreement, dated as of January 7, 1994
(the "Proxy Agreement"), pursuant to which such stockholders
granted to Viacom proxies to vote the shares of Blockbuster
Common Stock held by such stockholders in favor of the Merger
and against any competing business combination proposal.

Copies of the Stock Option Agreement and the Proxy
Agreement are attached hereto as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2,
respectively, and the summaries of the Stock Option Agreement
and the Proxy Agreement set forth herein are qualified in their
entirety by reference thereto.

In addition, Blockbuster and National Amusements,
Inc., the majority stockholder of Viacom ("NAI"), have entered
into a Voting Agreement, dated as of January 7, 1994 (the
"Voting Agreement"), pursuant to which NAI has agreed to vote
the shares of Class A Common Stock held by it in favor of the
Merger and the Merger Agreement at any meeting of the
stockholders of Viacom and in any action by consent of the
stockholders of Viacom.

A copy of the Voting Agreement is attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.3 and the summary of the Voting Agreement set forth
herein is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto.

Also on January 7, 1994, Blockbuster and Viacom
entered into an agreement (the "Subscription Agreement")
pursuant to which Blockbuster has subscribed for and agreed to
purchase, and Viacom has agreed to issue and sell to
Blockbuster, on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Subscription Agreement, 22,727,273 shares of Class
B Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of
$1,250,000,015. The Subscription Agreement provides for the
payment to Blockbuster, in certain cirumstances, of a
Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Subscription Agreement) of
up to $275 million in the event of termination of the Merger
Agreement (except termination pursuant to Section 8.01(b)
thereof).

Page 3

<PAGE>

A copy of the Subscription Agreement is attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.4 and the summary of the Subscription
Agreement set forth herein is qualified in its entirety by
reference thereto.

A copy of the joint press release of Viacom and
Blockbuster, dated January 7, 1994, relating to the
above-described transactions is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.5
and is incorporated herein by reference.

Page 4

<PAGE>

Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information
and Exhibits.

(c) The following exhibits are filed as part of this
report on Form 8-K:

Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
January 7, 1994, between Viacom Inc. and
Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation.

Exhibit 99.1 Stockholders Stock Option Agreement,
dated as of January 7, 1994, among Viacom
Inc. and certain stockholders of
Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation.

Exhibit 99.2 Proxy Agreement, dated as of January 7,
1994, among Viacom Inc. and certain
stockholders of Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation.

Exhibit 99.3 Voting Agreement, dated as of January 7,
1994, between National Amusements, Inc.
and Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation.

Exhibit 99.4 Subscription Agreement, dated January 7,
1994, between Viacom Inc. and Blockbuster
Entertainment Corporation.

Exhibit 99.5 Joint press release by Viacom Inc. and
Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation
dated January 7, 1994.

Page 5

<PAGE>

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

VIACOM INTERNATIONAL INC.
(Registrant)

Date: January 12, 1994 By: /s/ Philippe P. Dauman
Name: Philippe P. Dauman
Title: Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and
Secretary

Page 6

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description Page

Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
January 7, 1994, between Viacom Inc. and
Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation.

Exhibit 99.1 Stockholders Stock Option Agreement, dated
as of January 7, 1994, among Viacom Inc. and
certain stockholders of Blockbuster
Entertainment Corporation.

Exhibit 99.2 Proxy Agreement, dated as of January 7,
1994, among Viacom Inc. and certain
stockholders of Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation.

Exhibit 99.3 Voting Agreement, dated as of January 7,
1994, between National Amusements, Inc. and
Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation.

Exhibit 99.4 Subscription Agreement, dated January 7,
1994, between Viacom Inc. and Blockbuster
Entertainment Corporation.

Exhibit 99.5 Joint press release by Viacom Inc. and
Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation dated
January 7, 1994.

Page 7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

between

VIACOM INC.

and

BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

Dated as of January 7, 1994

<PAGE>

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

1.01 The Merger.................................... 2
1.02 Closing....................................... 2
1.03 Effective Time................................ 2
1.04 Effect of the Merger.......................... 2
1.05 Certificate of Incorporation; By-Laws......... 3

ARTICLE II

CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

2.01 Conversion of Securities...................... 3
2.02 Exchange of Certificates and Cash............. 4
2.03 Stock Transfer Books.......................... 7
2.04 Stock Options................................. 7
2.05 Dissenting Shares............................. 8

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BLOCKBUSTER

3.01 Organization and Qualification;
Subsidiaries................................ 9
3.02 Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws...... 10
3.03 Capitalization................................ 10
3.04 Authority Relative to this Agreement.......... 11
3.05 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.... 12
3.06 Compliance.................................... 13
3.07 SEC Filings; Financial Statements............. 14
3.08 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.......... 15
3.09 Absence of Litigation......................... 16
3.10 Employee Benefit Plans........................ 17
3.11 Trademarks, Patents and Copyrights............ 17
3.12 Taxes......................................... 18
3.13 Opinion of Financial Advisor.................. 19

(i)

<PAGE>

Page

3.14 Vote Required................................. 19
3.15 Brokers....................................... 19

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF VIACOM

4.01 Organization and Qualification;
Subsidiaries................................ 20
4.02 Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws...... 20
4.03 Capitalization................................ 21
4.04 Authority Relative to this Agreement.......... 22
4.05 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.... 23
4.06 Compliance.................................... 24
4.07 SEC Filings; Financial Statements............. 25
4.08 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.......... 26
4.09 Absence of Litigation......................... 27
4.10 Employee Benefit Plans........................ 27
4.11 Trademarks, Patents and Copyrights............ 28
4.12 Taxes......................................... 29
4.13 Opinion of Financial Advisor.................. 30
4.14 Vote Required................................. 30
4.15 Brokers....................................... 30

ARTICLE V

CONDUCT OF BUSINESSES PENDING THE MERGER

5.01 Conduct of Respective Businesses by
Blockbuster and Viacom Pending the Merger.... 30

ARTICLE VI

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

6.01 Access to Information; Confidentiality........ 33
6.02 Directors' and Officers' Indemnification
and Insurance............................... 34

(ii)

<PAGE>

Page

6.03 Notification of Certain Matters............... 36
6.04 Tax Treatment................................. 36
6.05 Registration Statement; Joint Proxy
Statement................................... 36
6.06 Stockholders' Meetings........................ 38
6.07 Letters of Accountants........................ 39
6.08 [Intentionally Deleted]....................... 39
6.09 Further Action; Reasonable Best Efforts....... 39
6.10 Debt Instruments.............................. 40
6.11 Public Announcements.......................... 40
6.12 Listing of Shares of Viacom
Common Stock and VCRs....................... 40
6.13 Affiliates of Blockbuster..................... 40
6.14 Conveyance Taxes.............................. 40
6.15 Assumption of Debt and Leases................. 42
6.16 Transactions with Significant Stockholder
After the Effective Time.................... 42

ARTICLE VII

CLOSING CONDITIONS

7.01 Conditions to Obligations of Each
Party to Effect the Merger.................. 43
7.02 Additional Conditions to Obligations
of Viacom.................................. 44
7.03 Additional Conditions to Obligations
of Blockbuster............................. 45

ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

8.01 Termination................................... 46
8.02 Effect of Termination......................... 49
8.03 Amendment..................................... 49
8.04 Waiver........................................ 49
8.05 Fees, Expenses and Other Payments............. 49

ARTICLE IX

GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.01 Effectiveness of Representations,
Warranties and Agreements................... 50
9.02 Notices....................................... 51

(iii)

<PAGE>

Page

9.03 Certain Definitions........................... 52
9.04 Headings...................................... 53
9.05 Severability.................................. 53
9.06 Entire Agreement.............................. 54
9.07 Assignment.................................... 54
9.08 Parties in Interest........................... 54
9.09 Governing Law................................. 54
9.10 Counterparts.................................. 54

ANNEX A VCRs Term Sheet

EXHIBIT 6.13 Form of Affiliate Letter

(iv)

<PAGE>

Index of Defined Terms

Section

affiliate SECTION 9.03
Agreement PREAMBLE
AMEX SECTION 2.02
beneficial owner SECTION 9.03
Blockbuster PREAMBLE
Blockbuster Common Stock SECTION 2.01
Blockbuster Disclosure Schedule SECTION 3.03
Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect SECTION 3.01
Blockbuster 1992 Balance Sheet SECTION 3.12
Blockbuster Plans SECTION 3.10
Blockbuster Preferred Stock SECTION 3.03
Blockbuster SEC Reports SECTION 3.07
Blue Sky Laws SECTION 3.05
Blockbuster Stock Option SECTION 3.03
Blockbuster Subsidiary SECTION 3.01
business day SECTION 9.03
Certificate of Merger SECTION 1.03
Certificates SECTION 2.02
Class A Exchange Ratio SECTION 2.01
Class B Exchange Ratio SECTION 2.01
Code RECITALS
Communications Act SECTION 3.05
Competing Transaction SECTION 8.01
Confidentiality Agreements SECTION 6.01
control SECTION 9.03
Delaware Law RECITALS
Dissenting Shares SECTION 2.05
Effective Time SECTION 1.03
ERISA SECTION 3.10
Exchange Act SECTION 3.05
Exchange Agent SECTION 2.02
Exchange Fund SECTION 2.02
Exchange Ratios SECTION 2.01
FCC SECTION 6.09
Governmental Entity SECTION 3.05
HSR Act SECTION 3.05
IRS SECTION 3.10
Material Blockbuster Subsidiary SECTION 3.01
Material Viacom Subsidiary SECTION 4.01
Merger RECITALS
Merger Consideration SECTION 2.02

<PAGE>

Index of Defined Terms (cont'd)

Section

Merrill Lynch SECTION 3.13
Parent Voting Agreement RECITALS
Paramount SECTION 5.01
Paramount Offer Documents SECTION 6.05
Proxy Statement SECTION 6.05
Registration Statement SECTION 6.05
Respective Representatives SECTION 6.01
SEC SECTION 3.01
Securities Act SECTION 3.05
Smith Barney SECTION 4.13
Spelling SECTION 3.07
Stockholders' Meetings SECTION 6.06
subsidiary SECTION 9.03
Surviving Corporation SECTION 1.01
VCRs SECTION 2.01
VCR Exchange Ratio SECTION 2.01
Viacom PREAMBLE
Viacom Certificate Amendments SECTION 4.04
Viacom Class A Common Stock RECITALS
Viacom Class B Common Stock SECTION 2.01
Viacom Common Stock SECTION 2.01
Viacom Disclosure Schedule SECTION 4.03
Viacom International SECTION 4.07
Viacom Material Adverse Effect SECTION 4.01
Viacom 1992 Balance Sheet SECTION 4.12
Viacom Plans SECTION 4.10
Viacom Preferred Stock SECTION 4.03
Viacom SEC Reports SECTION 4.07
Viacom Subsidiary SECTION 4.01
Viacom Vote Matter SECTION 4.04
WARN SECTION 3.10

<PAGE>

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of January 7,
1994 (this "Agreement"), between VIACOM INC., a Delaware
corporation ("Viacom"), and BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Blockbuster").

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement and in accordance with the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law"),
Blockbuster and Viacom will enter into a business combination
transaction pursuant to which Blockbuster will merge with and
into Viacom (the "Merger");

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Blockbuster has
determined that the Merger is consistent with and in
furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Blockbuster
and is fair to, and in the best interests of, Blockbuster and
the holders of Blockbuster Common Stock (as defined in Section
2.01(a)) and has approved and adopted this Agreement and has
approved the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby and recommended approval and adoption of this Agreement
and approval of the Merger by the stockholders of Blockbuster;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Viacom has
determined that the Merger is consistent with and in
furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Viacom and is
fair to, and in the best interests of, Viacom and its
stockholders and has approved and adopted this Agreement and
has approved the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby and recommended approval and adoption of this Agreement
and approval of the Merger by the holders of the Class A Common
Stock, par value $.01 per share, of Viacom (the "Viacom Class A
Common Stock");

WHEREAS, for federal income tax purposes, it is
intended that the Merger qualify as a reorganization under the
provisions of Section 368(a) of the United States Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this
Agreement and as an inducement to Blockbuster to enter into
this Agreement, National Amusements, Inc., a Maryland
corporation and the majority stockholder of Viacom ("Parent"),
and Blockbuster have entered into a Voting Agreement (the
"Parent Voting Agreement") pursuant to which Parent shall,
among other things, vote its shares of Viacom Class A Common
Stock (as defined in Section 2.01(a)) in favor of the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

<PAGE>

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the respective representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements set forth in this Agreement, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

SECTION 1.01. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in
accordance with Delaware Law, at the Effective Time (as defined
in Section 1.03), Blockbuster shall be merged with and into
Viacom. As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate
existence of Blockbuster shall cease and Viacom shall continue
as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving
Corporation").

SECTION 1.02. Closing. Unless this Agreement shall
have been terminated and the transactions herein contemplated
shall have been abandoned pursuant to Section 8.01 and subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in
Article VII, the consummation of the Merger will take place as
promptly as practicable (and in any event within two business
days) after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth
in Article VII at the offices of Shearman & Sterling, 599
Lexington Avenue, New York, New York, unless another date, time
or place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

SECTION 1.03. Effective Time. As promptly as
practicable after the satisfaction or, if permissible, waiver
of the conditions set forth in Article VII, the parties hereto
shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a
certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in such form as
required by, and executed in accordance with the relevant
provisions of, Delaware Law (the date and time of such filing,
or such later date or time as set forth therein, being the
"Effective Time").

SECTION 1.04. Effect of the Merger. At the Effective
Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in the
applicable provisions of Delaware Law. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the
Effective Time, except as otherwise provided herein, all the
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Viacom
and Blockbuster shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and
all debts, liabilities and duties

<PAGE>

of Viacom and Blockbuster shall become the debts, liabilities
and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

SECTION 1.05. Certificate of Incorporation; By-Laws.
At the Effective Time the Certificate of Incorporation and the
By-Laws of Viacom, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation and
the By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation.

ARTICLE II

CONVERSION OF SECURITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

SECTION 2.01. Conversion of Securities. At the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of Viacom, Blockbuster or the holders of any of the
following securities:

(a) Each share of common stock, par value $.10 per
share, of Blockbuster ("Blockbuster Common Stock"), issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
(other than any shares of Blockbuster Common Stock to be
canceled pursuant to Section 2.01(b) and any Dissenting
Shares (if applicable and as defined in Section 2.05)),
shall be converted, subject to Section 2.02(d), into the
right to receive (x) .08 of one share of Viacom Class A
Common Stock (the "Class A Exchange Ratio"), (y) .60615 of
one share of Class B Common Stock, par value $.01 per share
("Viacom Class B Common Stock", and together with the
Viacom Class A Common Stock, the "Viacom Common Stock"), of
Viacom (the "Class B Exchange Ratio") and (z) up to an
additional .13829 of one share of Viacom Class B Common
Stock, with such amount to be determined in accordance
with, and the right to receive such shares to be evidenced
by, one variable common right (a "VCR") issued by
Viacom having the principal terms described in Annex A (the
"VCR Exchange Ratio"; together with the Class A and Class B
Exchange Ratios, the "Exchange Ratios"); provided, however,
that, in any event, if between the date of this Agreement
and the Effective Time the outstanding shares of Viacom
Common Stock or Blockbuster Common Stock shall have been
changed into a different number of shares or a different
class, by reason of any stock dividend, subdivision,
reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination or
exchange of shares, the Exchange Ratios shall be
correspondingly adjusted to reflect such stock dividend,
subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split,

<PAGE>

combination or exchange of shares. All such shares of
Blockbuster Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding and
shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease
to exist, and each certificate previously evidencing any
such shares shall thereafter represent the right to
receive, upon the surrender of such certificate in
accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02,
certificates evidencing (i) such number of whole shares of
Viacom Common Stock into which such Blockbuster Common
Stock was converted in accordance with the Class A and
Class B Exchange Ratios and (ii) such number of VCRs into
which such Blockbuster Common Stock was converted in
accordance with the VCR Exchange Ratio. The holders of
such certificates previously evidencing such shares of
Blockbuster Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with
respect to such shares of Blockbuster Common Stock except
as otherwise provided herein or by law. No fractional
share of Viacom Common Stock shall be issued; and, in lieu
thereof, a cash payment shall be made pursuant to Section
2.02(d).

(b) Each share of Blockbuster Common Stock held in
the treasury of Blockbuster and each share of Blockbuster
Common Stock owned by Viacom or any direct or indirect
wholly owned subsidiary of Viacom or of Blockbuster
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically
be canceled and extinguished without any conversion thereof
and no payment shall be made with respect thereto.

SECTION 2.02. Exchange of Certificates and Cash. (a)
Exchange Agent. Viacom shall deposit, or shall cause to be
deposited, with or for the account of a bank or trust company
designated by Viacom, which shall be reasonably satisfactory to
Blockbuster (the "Exchange Agent"), for the benefit of the
holders of shares of Blockbuster Common Stock (other than
Dissenting Shares, if applicable), for exchange in accordance
with this Article II, through the Exchange Agent, at the
Effective Time, (i) certificates evidencing the shares of
Viacom Common Stock and the VCRs issuable pursuant to
Section 2.01 in exchange for outstanding shares of Blockbuster
Common Stock and (ii) upon the request of the Exchange Agent,
cash in an amount sufficient to make any cash payment due under
Section 2.02(d) (such certificates for shares of Viacom Common
Stock, together with any dividends or distributions with
respect thereto, the VCRs and cash being hereafter collectively
referred to as the "Exchange Fund"). The Exchange Agent shall,
pursuant to irrevocable instructions, deliver the Viacom Common
Stock and VCRs

<PAGE>

contemplated to be issued pursuant to Section 2.01 out of the
Exchange Fund to holders of shares of Blockbuster Common Stock.
Except as contemplated by Section 2.02(d) hereof, the Exchange
Fund shall not be used for any other purpose. Any interest,
dividends or other income earned on the investment of cash or
other property held in the Exchange Fund shall be for the
account of Viacom.

(b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably
practicable after the Effective Time, Viacom will instruct the
Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of a
certificate or certificates which immediately prior to the
Effective Time evidenced outstanding shares of Blockbuster
Common Stock (other than Dissenting Shares, if applicable) (the
"Certificates") (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall
specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery
of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such
form and have such other provisions as Viacom may reasonably
specify) and (ii) instructions to effect the surrender of the
Certificates in exchange for the certificates evidencing shares
of Viacom Common Stock and the VCRs and cash (if any). Upon
surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange
Agent together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed,
and such other customary documents as may be required pursuant
to such instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall be
entitled to receive in exchange therefor (A) certificates
evidencing that number of whole shares of Viacom Common Stock
and VCRs that such holder has the right to receive in
accordance with the Exchange Ratios in respect of the shares of
Blockbuster Common Stock formerly evidenced by such
Certificate, (B) any dividends or other distributions to which
such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.02(c) and (C)
cash in lieu of fractional shares of Viacom Common Stock to
which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.02(d) (the
shares of Viacom Common Stock, the VCRs and the dividends,
distributions and cash described in clauses (A), (B) and (C)
being, collectively, the "Merger Consideration"), and the
Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the
event of a transfer of ownership of shares of Blockbuster
Common Stock that is not registered in the transfer records of
Blockbuster, shares of Viacom Common Stock and VCRs may be
issued and paid in accordance with this Article II to a
transferee if the Certificate evidencing such shares of
Blockbuster Common Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent,
accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect
such transfer and by evidence that any applicable stock
transfer taxes have been paid. Until surrendered as
contemplated by this Section 2.02, each Certificate shall be

<PAGE>

deemed at any time after the Effective Time to evidence only
the right to receive upon such surrender the Merger
Consideration.

(c) Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares
of Viacom Common Stock. No dividends or other distributions
declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to
Viacom Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time
shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate
with respect to the shares of Viacom Common Stock they are
entitled to receive until the holder of such Certificate shall
surrender such Certificate.

(d) Fractional Shares. No fraction of a share of
Viacom Common Stock shall be issued in the Merger. In lieu of
any such fractional shares, each holder of Blockbuster Common
Stock upon surrender of a Certificate for exchange pursuant to
this Section 2.02 shall be paid an amount in cash (without
interest), rounded to the nearest cent, determined by
multiplying (i) the per share closing price on the American
Stock Exchange ("AMEX") of Viacom Class A Common Stock or
Viacom Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, on the date of
the Effective Time (or, if shares of Viacom Class A Common
Stock or Viacom Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, do
not trade on the AMEX on such date, the first date of trading
of such Viacom Common Stock on the AMEX after the Effective
Time) by (ii) the fractional interest to which such holder
would otherwise be entitled (after taking into account all
shares of Blockbuster Common Stock then held of record by such
holder).

(e) Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the
Exchange Fund that remains undistributed to the holders of
Blockbuster Common Stock for six months after the Effective
Time shall be delivered to Viacom, upon demand, and any holders
of Blockbuster Common Stock who have not theretofore complied
with this Article II shall thereafter look only to Viacom for
the Merger Consideration to which they are entitled pursuant to
this Article II.

(f) No Liability. Neither Viacom nor Blockbuster
shall be liable to any holder of shares of Blockbuster Common
Stock for any such shares of Viacom Common Stock (or dividends
or distributions with respect thereto) or VCRs from the
Exchange Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

(g) Withholding Rights. Viacom or the Exchange Agent
shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to

<PAGE>

any holder of shares of Blockbuster Common Stock such amounts
as Viacom or the Exchange Agent is required to deduct and
withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the
Code, or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To
the extent that amounts are so withheld by Viacom or the
Exchange Agent, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of
the shares of Blockbuster Common Stock in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made by Viacom or the Exchange
Agent.

SECTION 2.03. Stock Transfer Books. At the Effective
Time, the stock transfer books of Blockbuster shall be closed,
and there shall be no further registration of transfers of
shares of Blockbuster Common Stock thereafter on the records of
Blockbuster. On or after the Effective Time, any Certificates
presented to the Exchange Agent or Viacom for any reason shall
be converted into the Merger Consideration.

SECTION 2.04. Stock Options. At the Effective Time,
Blockbuster's obligations with respect to each outstanding
Blockbuster Stock Option (as defined in Section 3.03) to
purchase shares of Blockbuster Common Stock, as amended in the
manner described in the following sentence, shall be assumed by
Viacom. The Blockbuster Stock Options so assumed by Viacom
shall continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and
conditions as set forth in the stock option plans and
agreements pursuant to which such Blockbuster Stock Options
were issued as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, except that each such Blockbuster Stock Option shall be
exercisable for (A) that number of whole shares of (i) Viacom
Class A Common Stock equal to the product of the number of
shares of Blockbuster Common Stock covered by such Blockbuster
Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied
by the Class A Exchange Ratio and rounded up to the nearest
whole number of shares of Viacom Class A Common Stock and (ii)
Viacom Class B Common Stock equal to the product of the number
of shares of Blockbuster Common Stock covered by such
Blockbuster Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective
Time multiplied by the Class B Exchange Ratio and rounded up to
the nearest whole number of shares of Viacom Class B Common
Stock and (B) that number of VCRs equal to the product of the
number of shares of Blockbuster Common Stock covered by such
Blockbuster Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective
Time multiplied by the VCR Exchange Ratio. Each warrant held by
employees or directors of Blockbuster shall be converted into a
Viacom warrant on the same terms and conditions except that each
such warrant shall be exercisable for (A) that number of whole
shares of (i) Viacom Class A Common Stock equal to the product
of the number of shares of Blockbuster Common Stock covered by
such warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by
the Class A Exchange Ratio and rounded up to the nearest whole
number of shares of Viacom Class A Common Stock and (ii) Viacom
Class B Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares
of Blockbuster Common Stock covered by such warrant immediately prior
to the Effective Time multiplied by the Class B Exchange Ratio and
rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares of Viacom Class B
Common Stock and (B) that number of VCRs equal to the product of the
number of shares of Blockbuster Common Stock covered by such warrant
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the VCR Exchange
Ratio. Viacom shall (i) reserve for issuance the number of shares
of Viacom Common Stock that will become issuable upon the exercise
of such Blockbuster Stock Options pursuant to this Section 2.04

<PAGE>

and (ii) promptly after the Effective Time issue to each holder
of an outstanding Blockbuster Stock Option a document
evidencing the assumption by Viacom of Blockbuster's
obligations with respect thereto under this Section 2.04.
Nothing in this Section 2.04 shall affect the schedule of
vesting with respect to the Blockbuster Stock Options to be
assumed by Viacom as provided in this Section 2.04; provided,
however, that Blockbuster and Viacom shall use their best
efforts to secure from each of the executives previously
identified by mutual agreement of Blockbuster and Viacom (the
"Designated Executives"), as promptly as practicable following
the execution of this Agreement, a waiver of (i) the
accelerated vesting of Blockbuster Stock Options held by such
Designated Executive (such waiver to lapse (and vesting of such
Blockbuster Stock Option to occur if such option has not
already vested in accordance with the applicable vesting
schedule) upon the termination of such Designated Executive's
employment with Blockbuster or Viacom for any reason) and (ii)
the triggering of the right of such Designated Executive to
cause Blockbuster to acquire his Blockbuster Stock Options for
cash, in each case resulting from the execution of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, in
consideration for Blockbuster entering into an employment
agreement acceptable to Blockbuster and Viacom with such
Designated Executive. In addition to the adjustment provided
by Section 2.04, effective as of the Effective Time, the
terms of each Blockbuster Stock Option held by a Blockbuster
employee who as of the date hereof is not subject to the
reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act,
and, subject, at Blockbuster's discretion, to any stockholder
approvals it determines are necessary, any non employee director,
shall be amended to provide that, if such Blockbuster
employee's employment is terminated without cause, or such
directorship shall cease, such Blockbuster Stock Option shall not
expire prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Time;
provided, however, that in no event shall the maximum term of such
Blockbuster Stock Option be extended.

SECTION 2.05. Dissenting Shares. (a) If provided
for under Delaware Law, notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement to the contrary, shares of Blockbuster Common
Stock that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time and which are held by stockholders who shall have not
voted in favor of the Merger or consented thereto in writing
and who shall have demanded properly in writing appraisal for
such shares in accordance with Section 262 of Delaware Law and
who shall not have withdrawn such demand or otherwise have
forfeited appraisal rights (collectively, the "Dissenting
Shares") shall not be converted into or represent the right to
receive the Merger Consideration. Such stockholders shall be
entitled to receive payment of the appraised value of such
shares of Blockbuster Common Stock held by them in accordance
with the provisions of such

<PAGE>

Section 262, except that all Dissenting Shares held by
stockholders who shall have failed to perfect or who
effectively shall have withdrawn or lost their rights to
appraisal of such shares of Blockbuster Common Stock under such
Section 262 shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted
into and to have become exchangeable, as of the Effective Time,
for the right to receive, without any interest thereon, the
Merger Consideration, upon surrender, in the manner provided in
Section 2.02, of the certificate or certificates that formerly
evidenced such shares of Blockbuster Common Stock.

(b) Blockbuster shall give Viacom (i) prompt notice
of any demands for appraisal received by Blockbuster,
withdrawals of such demands, and any other instruments served
pursuant to Delaware Law and received by Blockbuster and (ii)
the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with
respect to demands for appraisal under Delaware Law.
Blockbuster shall not, except with the prior written consent of
Viacom, make any payment with respect to any demands for
appraisal, or offer to settle, or settle, any such demands.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BLOCKBUSTER

Blockbuster hereby represents and warrants to Viacom
that:

SECTION 3.01. Organization and Qualification;
Subsidiaries. (a) Each of Blockbuster and each Material
Blockbuster Subsidiary (as defined below) is a corporation,
partnership or other legal entity duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has the
requisite power and authority and all necessary governmental
approvals to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry
on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the
failure to be so organized, existing or in good standing or to
have such power, authority and governmental approvals would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster
Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). Blockbuster and
each Material Blockbuster Subsidiary are duly qualified or
licensed as foreign corporations to do business, and are in
good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the
properties owned, leased or operated by them or the nature of
their business makes such qualification or licensing necessary,
except for such failures to be so qualified or licensed and in
good standing that would not,

<PAGE>

individually or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material
Adverse Effect. The term "Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect"
means any change or effect that is or would be materially
adverse to the business, results of operations or financial
condition of Blockbuster and the Blockbuster Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole; provided that from and after the date on
which the issuance and sale of shares of Viacom Class B Common
Stock contemplated by the Subscription Agreement (the
"Subscription Agreement") dated as of the date of this
Agreement between Viacom and Blockbuster is consummated (the
"Subscription Date"), the term "Blockbuster Material Adverse
Effect", for purposes of Article III and Section 7.02(a) only,
shall be changed to mean any change or effect that is or would
be materially adverse to the financial condition of Blockbuster
and the Blockbuster Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding
any changes or effects caused by changes in general economic
conditions or changes generally affecting Blockbuster's
industry..

(b) Each subsidiary of Blockbuster (a "Blockbuster
Subsidiary") that constitutes a Significant Subsidiary of
Blockbuster within the meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") is
referred to herein as a "Material Blockbuster Subsidiary".

SECTION 3.02. Certificate of Incorporation and
By-Laws. Blockbuster has heretofore made available to Viacom a
complete and correct copy of the Certificate of Incorporation
and the By-Laws or equivalent organizational documents, each as
amended to date, of Blockbuster and each Material Blockbuster
Subsidiary. Such Certificates of Incorporation, By-Laws and
equivalent organizational documents are in full force and
effect. Neither Blockbuster nor any Material Blockbuster
Subsidiary is in violation of any provision of its Certificate
of Incorporation, By-Laws or equivalent organizational
documents, except for such violations that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material
Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.03. Capitalization. The authorized capital
stock of Blockbuster consists of 300,000,000 shares of
Blockbuster Common Stock and 500,000 shares of Preferred Stock,
par value $1.00 per share ("Blockbuster Preferred Stock"). As
of December 31, 1993, (i) 247,487,375 shares of Blockbuster
Common Stock were issued and outstanding, all of which were
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (ii) no shares
were held in the treasury of Blockbuster, (iii) 11, 425,584
shares were reserved for future issuance pursuant to
outstanding employee stock options granted pursuant to
Blockbuster's 1987 Stock Option Plan, as amended, 1989

11

<PAGE>

Stock Option Plan, as amended, 1990 Stock Option Plan, as
amended, 1991 Employee Director Stock Option Plan, 1991
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan and any other employee
stock option plan or program (any employee or director stock
option issued under any such plan being a "Blockbuster Stock
Option") and (iv) 7,138,859 shares were reserved for future
issuance pursuant to the terms of outstanding warrants to
purchase shares of Blockbuster Common Stock. As of the date
hereof, no shares of Blockbuster Preferred Stock are issued
and outstanding. Except as set forth in Section 3.03
of the Disclosure Schedule previously delivered by
Blockbuster to Viacom (the "Blockbuster Disclosure
Schedule"), or except as set forth in this Section 3.03, there
are no options, warrants or other rights, agreements,
arrangements or commitments of any character relating to the
issued or unissued capital stock of Blockbuster or any Material
Blockbuster Subsidiary or obligating Blockbuster or any
Material Blockbuster Subsidiary to issue or sell any shares of
capital stock of, or other equity interests in, Blockbuster or
any Material Blockbuster Subsidiary. All shares of Blockbuster
Common Stock subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on
the terms and conditions specified in the instruments pursuant
to which they are issuable, will be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth in
Section 3.03 of the Blockbuster Disclosure Schedule, there are
no material outstanding contractual obligations of Blockbuster
or any Blockbuster Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any shares of Blockbuster Common Stock or any
capital stock of any Material Blockbuster Subsidiary, or make
any material investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in, any Blockbuster Subsidiary or
any other person. Each outstanding share of capital stock of
each Material Blockbuster Subsidiary is duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and each such
share owned by Blockbuster or another Blockbuster Subsidiary is
free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims,
pledges, options, rights of first refusal, agreements,
limitations on Blockbuster's or such other Blockbuster
Subsidiary's voting rights, charges and other encumbrances of
any nature whatsoever.

SECTION 3.04. Authority Relative to this Agreement.
Blockbuster has all necessary power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations
hereunder and to consummate the transactions

12

<PAGE>

contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Blockbuster and the consummation by Blockbuster of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action and no other
corporate proceedings on the part of Blockbuster are necessary
to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated herein (other than, with respect to the Merger,
the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the holders of a
majority of the then outstanding shares of Blockbuster Common
Stock and the filing and recordation of appropriate merger
documents as required by Delaware Law). This Agreement has
been duly and validly executed and delivered by Blockbuster
and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by
Viacom, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of
Blockbuster, enforceable against Blockbuster in accordance with
its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy,
reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws
affecting creditors' rights generally and subject, as to
enforceability, to the effect of general principles of equity
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law). Blockbuster has taken all
appropriate actions so that the restrictions on business
combinations contained in Section 203 of Delaware Law and
Article 6 of Blockbuster's Certificate of Incorporation will
not apply with respect to or as a result of the transactions
contemplated herein or related hereto.

SECTION 3.05. No Conflict; Required Filings and
Consents. (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.05 of the
Blockbuster Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by Blockbuster do not, and the performance of
the transactions contemplated herein by Blockbuster will not,
(i) conflict with or violate the Certificate of Incorporation
or By-Laws or equivalent organizational documents of
Blockbuster or any Material Blockbuster Subsidiary, (ii)
conflict with or violate any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree applicable to Blockbuster or any Blockbuster
Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of Blockbuster or
any Blockbuster Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii)
result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event
which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, result in the loss of a material benefit under,
or give to others any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a
lien or other encumbrance on any property or asset of
Blockbuster or any Blockbuster Subsidiary pursuant to, any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease,
license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation

13

<PAGE>

to which Blockbuster or any Blockbuster Subsidiary is a party
or by which Blockbuster or any Blockbuster Subsidiary or any
property or asset of Blockbuster or any Blockbuster Subsidiary
is bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults
or other occurrences which would not prevent or delay
consummation of the Merger in any material respect, or
otherwise prevent Blockbuster from performing its obligations
under this Agreement in any material respect, and would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material
Adverse Effect.

(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Blockbuster do not, and the performance of this Agreement by
Blockbuster will not, require any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to,
any governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign
(each a "Governmental Entity"), except (i) for (A) applicable
requirements, if any, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the "Exchange Act"), the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), state securities or "blue sky"
laws ("Blue Sky Laws") and state takeover laws, (B) the
pre-merger notification requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules
and regulations thereunder (the "HSR Act"), (C) applicable
requirements of the Investment Canada Act of 1985 and the
Competition Act (Canada), (D) filing and recordation of
appropriate merger documents as required by Delaware Law and
(E) any non-United States competition, antitrust and investment
laws and (ii) where failure to obtain such consents, approvals,
authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or
notifications, would not prevent or delay consummation of the
Merger in any material respect, or otherwise prevent
Blockbuster from performing its obligations under this
Agreement in any material respect, and would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material Adverse
Effect.

SECTION 3.06. Compliance. Except as set forth in
Section 3.06 of the Blockbuster Disclosure Schedule, neither
Blockbuster nor any Blockbuster Subsidiary is in conflict with,
or in default or violation of, (i) any law, rule, regulation,
order, judgment or decree (including, without limitation, laws,
rules and regulations relating to franchises) applicable to
Blockbuster or any Blockbuster Subsidiary or by which any
property or asset of Blockbuster or any Blockbuster Subsidiary
is bound or affected, or (ii) any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit,
franchise or other instrument or

14

<PAGE>

obligation to which Blockbuster or any Blockbuster Subsidiary
is a party or by which Blockbuster or any Blockbuster
Subsidiary or any property or asset of Blockbuster or any
Blockbuster Subsidiary is bound or affected, except for any
such conflicts, defaults or violations that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material
Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.07. SEC Filings; Financial Statements. (a)
Blockbuster has filed all forms, reports and documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC since December 31, 1990 and has
heretofore made available to Viacom, in the form filed with the
SEC (excluding any exhibits thereto), (i) its Annual Reports on
Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 1990, 1991 and 1992,
respectively, (ii) its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the
periods ended March 30, 1993, June 30, 1993 and September 30,
1993, (iii) all proxy statements relating to Blockbuster's
meetings of stockholders (whether annual or special) held since
January 1, 1991 and (iv) all other forms, reports and other
registration statements (other than Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q not referred to in clause (ii) above and preliminary
materials) filed by Blockbuster with the SEC since December 31,
1990 (the forms, reports and other documents referred to in
clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above being referred to
herein, collectively, as the "Blockbuster SEC Reports"). The
Blockbuster SEC Reports and any forms, reports and other
documents filed by Blockbuster with the SEC after the date of
this Agreement (x) were or will be prepared in accordance with
the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as
the case may be, and the rules and regulations thereunder and
(y) did not at the time they were filed, or will not at the
time they are filed, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in the light of circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. No Material Blockbuster Subsidiary,
except for Spelling Entertainment Group Inc., a Florida
corporation ("Spelling"), is required to file any form, report
or other document with the SEC.

(b) Spelling has filed all forms, reports and
documents required to be filed by it with the SEC since
June 30, 1992 and Blockbuster has heretofore made available to
Viacom, in the form filed with the SEC (excluding any exhibits
thereto), (i) Spelling's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the
periods ended June 30, 1993 and September 30, 1993,
(ii) all proxy statements relating to Spelling's meetings of
stockholders (whether annual or special) held since May 1, 1993
and (iii) all other forms, reports and

15

<PAGE>

other registration statements (other than Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q not referred to in clause (ii) above and preliminary
materials) filed by Spelling with the SEC since May 1, 1992
(the forms, reports and other documents referred to in clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii) above being referred to herein,
collectively, as the "Spelling SEC Reports"). The Spelling SEC
Reports and any forms, reports and other documents filed by
Spelling with the SEC after the date of this Agreement (x) were
or will be prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and
the rules and regulations thereunder and (y) did not at the
time they were filed, or will not at the time they are filed,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.

(c) Each of the consolidated financial statements
(including, in each case, any notes thereto) contained in the
Blockbuster SEC Reports and Spelling SEC Reports was prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and each
fairly presented the financial position, results of operations
and cash flows of Blockbuster and the consolidated Blockbuster
Subsidiaries or Spelling and its subsidiaries, as the case may
be, as at the respective dates thereof and for the respective
periods indicated therein (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal and recurring year-end adjustments which
were not and are not expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to be material in amount).

(d) Except as set forth in Section 3.07 of the
Blockbuster Disclosure Schedule or except as and to the extent
set forth in the Blockbuster SEC Reports filed with the SEC
prior to the date of this Agreement, Blockbuster and the
Blockbuster Subsidiaries do not have any liability or
obligation of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent
or otherwise) other than liabilities and obligations which
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster
Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.08. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Since December 31, 1992, except as set forth in Section 3.08 of
the Blockbuster Disclosure Schedule, contemplated by this
Agreement or disclosed in any Blockbuster SEC Report filed
since December 31, 1992 and prior to the date of this
Agreement, Blockbuster and the Blockbuster Subsidiaries have
conducted their businesses only

16

<PAGE>

in the ordinary course and in a manner consistent with past
practice and, since December 31, 1992, there has not been (i)
any Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any damage,
destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) with
respect to any property or asset of Blockbuster or any
Blockbuster Subsidiary and having, individually or in the
aggregate, a Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect, (iii) any
change by Blockbuster in its accounting methods, principles or
practices, (iv) any declaration, setting aside or payment of
any dividend or distribution in respect of any capital stock of
Blockbuster or any Blockbuster Subsidiary or any redemption,
purchase or other acquisition of any of their respective
securities other than (A) regular quarterly dividends on the
shares of Blockbuster Common Stock not in excess of $0.025 per
share, (B) regular quarterly dividends on the shares of the
common stock of Spelling not in excess of $.020 per share, (C)
dividends by a Blockbuster Subsidiary to Blockbuster and (D) to
fund pre-established dividend reinvestment plans or (v) other
than as set forth in Section 3.03 and pursuant to the plans,
programs or arrangements referred to in Section 3.10 and other
than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, any increase in or establishment of any bonus,
insurance, severance, deferred compensation, pension,
retirement, profit sharing, stock option (including, without
limitation, the granting of stock options, stock appreciation
rights, performance awards, or restricted stock awards), stock
purchase or other employee benefit plan, or any other increase
in the compensation payable or to become payable to any
officers or key employees of Blockbuster or any Blockbuster
Subsidiary.

SECTION 3.09. Absence of Litigation. Except as set
forth in Section 3.09 of the Blockbuster Disclosure Schedule or
except as disclosed in the Blockbuster SEC Reports filed with
the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement, there is no claim,
action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the best
knowledge of Blockbuster, threatened against Blockbuster or any
Blockbuster Subsidiary, or any property or asset of Blockbuster
or any Blockbuster Subsidiary, before any court, arbitrator or
administrative, governmental or regulatory authority or body,
domestic or foreign, which, individually or in the aggregate,
would have a Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect. Except as
disclosed in the Blockbuster SEC Reports filed with the SEC
prior to the date of this Agreement, neither Blockbuster nor
any Blockbuster Subsidiary nor any property or asset of
Blockbuster or any Blockbuster Subsidiary is subject to any
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or
award which would have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect.

17

<PAGE>

SECTION 3.10. Employee Benefit Plans. With respect
to all the employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements
maintained or contributed to by Blockbuster or any Blockbuster
Subsidiary for the benefit of any current or former employee,
officer or director of Blockbuster or any Blockbuster
Subsidiary (the "Blockbuster Plans"), except as set forth in
Section 3.10 of the Blockbuster Disclosure Schedule or the
Blockbuster SEC Reports and except as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material Adverse
Effect: (i) each Blockbuster Plan intended to be qualified
under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service (the
"IRS") that it is so qualified and nothing has occurred since
the date of such letter that could reasonably be expected to
affect the qualified status of such Blockbuster Plan; (ii) each
Blockbuster Plan has been operated in all material respects in
accordance with its terms and the requirements of applicable
law; (iii) neither Blockbuster nor any Blockbuster Subsidiary
has incurred any direct or indirect liability under, arising
out of or by operation of Title IV of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), in
connection with the termination of, or withdrawal from, any
Blockbuster Plan or other retirement plan or arrangement, and
no fact or event exists that could reasonably be expected to
give rise to any such liability; and (iv) Blockbuster and the
Blockbuster Subsidiaries have not incurred any liability under,
and have complied in all material respects with, the Worker
Adjustment Retraining Notification Act ("WARN"), and no fact or
event exists that could give rise to liability under such act.
Except as set forth in Section 3.10 of the Blockbuster
Disclosure Schedule, none of the Blockbuster Plans currently
maintained by or contributed to by Blockbuster nor any Plan
maintained by any entity that together with Blockbuster or the
Blockbuster Subsidiaries would be deemed a "single employer"
within the meaning of Section 4001(b) of ERISA (a "Blockbuster
Affiliate Plan") is subject to Title IV of ERISA. No
Blockbuster Plan or Blockbuster Affiliate Plan has incurred any
"accumulated funding deficiency" (as defined in Section 302 of
ERISA and Section 412 of the Code), whether or not waived as of
the most recently completed plan year of such plan.

SECTION 3.11. Trademarks, Patents and Copyrights.
Blockbuster and the Blockbuster Subsidiaries own, or possess
adequate licenses or other valid rights to use, all material
patents, patent rights, trademarks, trademark rights, trade
names, trade name rights, copyrights, service marks, service
mark rights, trade secrets, applications to register, and

18

<PAGE>

registrations for, the foregoing trademarks, service marks,
know-how and other proprietary rights and information used in
connection with the business of Blockbuster and the Blockbuster
Subsidiaries as currently conducted, and no assertion or claim
has been made in writing challenging the validity of any of the
foregoing which, individually or in the aggregate, would have a
Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect. To the best knowledge of
Blockbuster, the conduct of the business of Blockbuster and the
Blockbuster Subsidiaries as currently conducted does not
conflict in any way with any patent, patent right, license,
trademark, trademark right, trade name, trade name right,
service mark or copyright of any third party that, individually
or in the aggregate, would have a Blockbuster Material Adverse
Effect.

SECTION 3.12. Taxes. Except as set forth in Section
3.12 of the Disclosure Schedule, Blockbuster and the
Blockbuster Subsidiaries have timely filed all federal, state,
local and foreign tax returns and reports required to be filed
by them through the date hereof and shall timely file all
returns and reports required on or before the Effective Time,
except for such returns and reports the failure of which to
file timely would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect. Such reports and returns
are and will be true, correct and complete, except for such
failures to be true, correct and complete as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material
Adverse Effect. Blockbuster and the Blockbuster Subsidiaries
have paid and discharged all federal, state, local and foreign
taxes due from them, other than such taxes that are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and are
adequately reserved as shown in the audited consolidated
balance sheet of Blockbuster dated December 31, 1992 (the
"Blockbuster 1992 Balance Sheet") and its most recent quarterly
financial statements, except for such failures to so pay and
discharge which would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect. Neither the IRS
nor any other taxing authority or agency, domestic or foreign,
is now asserting or, to the best knowledge of Blockbuster,
threatening to assert against Blockbuster or any Blockbuster
Subsidiary any deficiency or material claim for additional
taxes or interest thereon or penalties in connection therewith
which, if such deficiencies or claims were finally resolved
against Blockbuster and the Blockbuster Subsidiaries would,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material
Adverse Effect. The accruals and reserves for taxes (including
interest and penalties, if any, thereon) reflected in the
Blockbuster 1992 Balance Sheet and the most recent quarterly
financial statements are adequate in accordance

19

<PAGE>

with generally accepted accounting principles, except where the
failure to be adequate would not have a Blockbuster Material
Adverse Effect. Blockbuster and the Blockbuster Subsidiaries
have withheld or collected and paid over to the appropriate
governmental authorities or are properly holding for such
payment all taxes required by law to be withheld or collected,
except for such failures to have so withheld or collected and
paid over or to be so holding for payment which would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material
Adverse Effect. There are no material liens for taxes upon the
assets of Blockbuster or the Blockbuster Subsidiaries, other
than liens for current taxes not yet due and payable and liens
for taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings. Neither Blockbuster nor any Blockbuster
Subsidiary has agreed to or is required to make any adjustment
under Section 481(a) of the Code. Neither Blockbuster nor any
Blockbuster Subsidiary has made an election under Section
341(f) of the Code. For purposes of this Section 3.12, where a
determination of whether a failure by Blockbuster or a
Blockbuster Subsidiary to comply with the representations
herein has a Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect is necessary,
such determination shall be made on an aggregate basis with all
other failures within this Section 3.12.

SECTION 3.13. Opinion of Financial Advisor.
Blockbuster has received the opinion of Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("Merrill Lynch"), dated January 7,
1994, to the effect that, as of such date, the Exhange Ratios,
taken as a whole, are fair to the stockholders of Blockbuster
from a financial point of view, a copy of which opinion has
been delivered to Viacom.

SECTION 3.14. Vote Required. The affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Blockbuster Common Stock is the only vote of the holders of any
class or series of Blockbuster capital stock necessary to
approve the Merger.

SECTION 3.15. Brokers. No broker, finder or
investment banker (other than Merrill Lynch) is entitled to any
brokerage, finder's or other fee or commission in connection
with the transactions contemplated herein based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of Blockbuster. Blockbuster
has heretofore furnished to Viacom a complete and correct copy
of all agreements between Blockbuster and Merrill Lynch
pursuant to which such firm would be entitled to any payment
relating to the transactions contemplated herein.

20

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF VIACOM

Viacom hereby represents and warrants to Blockbuster
that:

SECTION 4.01. Organization and Qualification;
Subsidiaries. (a) Each of Viacom and each Material Viacom
Subsidiary (as defined below) is a corporation, partnership or
other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation or organization and has the requisite power and
authority and all necessary governmental approvals to own,
lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business
as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to be so
organized, existing or in good standing or to have such power,
authority and governmental approvals would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have a Viacom Material Adverse Effect (as
defined below). Viacom and each Material Viacom Subsidiary is
duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do
business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where
the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it
or the nature of its business makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except for such failures to be so
qualified or licensed and in good standing that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Viacom Material
Adverse Effect. The term "Viacom Material Adverse Effect"
means any change or effect that is or would be materially
adverse to the business, results of operations or financial
condition of Viacom and the Viacom Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole; provided that from and after the Subscription Date, the
term "Viacom Material Adverse Effect", for purposes of Article
IV and Section 7.03(a) only, shall be changed to mean any
change or effect that is or would be materially adverse to the
financial condition of Viacom and the Viacom Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, excluding any changes or effects caused by
changes in general economic conditions or changes generally
affecting Viacom's industry.

(b) Each subsidiary of Viacom (a "Viacom Subsidiary")
that constitutes a Significant Subsidiary of Viacom within the
meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC is referred
to herein as a "Material Viacom Subsidiary".

SECTION 4.02. Certificate of Incorporation and
By-Laws. Viacom has heretofore made available to Blockbuster

21

<PAGE>

a complete and correct copy of the Certificate of Incorporation
and the By-Laws or equivalent organizational documents, each as
amended to date, of Viacom and each Material Viacom Subsidiary.
Such Certificates of Incorporation, By-Laws and equivalent
organizational documents are in full force and effect. Neither
Viacom nor any Material Viacom Subsidiary is in violation of
any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws or
equivalent organizational documents, except for such violations
that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Viacom
Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 4.03. Capitalization. The authorized capital
stock of Viacom consists of 100,000,000 shares of Viacom
Class A Common Stock, 150,000,000 shares of Viacom Class B
Common Stock and 100,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par
value $.01 per share ("Viacom Preferred Stock"), of which
24,000,000 shares have been designated Series A Preferred Stock
(the "Series A Preferred Stock") and 24,000,000 shares have
been designated Series B Preferred Stock (the "Series B
Preferred Stock"). As of November 30, 1993, (i) 53,449,125
shares of Viacom Class A Common Stock and 67,345,982 shares of
Viacom Class B Common Stock were issued and outstanding, all of
which were validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (ii)
no shares were held in the treasury of Viacom, (iii) no shares
were held by the Viacom Subsidiaries, and (iv) 224,610 shares
of Viacom Class A Common Stock and 3,760,297 shares of Viacom
Class B Common Stock were reserved for future issuance pursuant
to outstanding employee stock options or stock incentive rights
granted pursuant to Viacom's 1989 Long-Term Management
Incentive Plan, the Viacom Inc. Stock Option Plan for Outside
Directors and any other employee stock option plan or program.
Since December 1, 1993 to the date of this Agreement, stock
options were granted pursuant to which no shares of Viacom Class
A Common Stock and no shares of Viacom Class B Common Stock are
subject to issuance. As of the date hereof, 24,000,000 shares
of Viacom Series A Preferred Stock and 24,000,000 shares of
Viacom Series B Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding.
Except as set forth in this Section 4.03 and as contemplated by
this Agreement, there are no options, warrants or other rights,
agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character
relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of Viacom or
any Material Viacom Subsidiary or obligating Viacom or any
Material Viacom Subsidiary to issue or sell any shares of
capital stock of, or other equity interests in, Viacom or any
Material Viacom Subsidiary, except for (i) options granted
since November 30, 1993 in the ordinary course consistent with
past practice, (ii) the reservation of 8,570,400 shares of
Class B Common

22

<PAGE>

Stock for issuance upon conversion of shares of Viacom Series A
Preferred Stock and (iii) the reservation of 17,140,800 shares
of Class B Common Stock for issuance upon conversion of shares
of Series B Preferred Stock. All shares of Viacom Common Stock
subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms
and conditions specified in the instruments pursuant to which
they are issuable, will be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth in Section
4.03 of the Disclosure Schedule previously delivered by Viacom
to Blockbuster (the "Viacom Disclosure Schedule"), there are no
material outstanding contractual obligations of Viacom or any
Viacom Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
any shares of Viacom Common Stock or any capital stock of any
Material Viacom Subsidiary, or make any material investment (in
the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in, any
Viacom Subsidiary or any other person. Each outstanding share
of capital stock of each Material Viacom Subsidiary is duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and
each such share owned by Viacom or another Viacom Subsidiary is
free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims,
pledges, options, rights of first refusal, agreements,
limitations on Viacom's or such other Viacom Subsidiary's
voting rights, charges and other encumbrances of any nature
whatsoever. The VCRs to be issued pursuant to the Merger will
be duly and validly authorized by Viacom and, when issued and
delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The shares
of Viacom Class B Common Stock (if any) issuable pursuant to
the terms of the VCRs will be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable. The VCRs constitute legal, valid
and binding obligations of Viacom, enforceable against Viacom
in accordance with their terms, subject to the effect of any
applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium
or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and
subject, as to enforceability, to the effect of general
principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability
is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

SECTION 4.04. Authority Relative to this Agreement.
Viacom has all necessary power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder
and to consummate the transactions contemplated herein. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Viacom and the
consummation by Viacom of the transactions contemplated herein
have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action and the Parent Voting Agreement has been
approved by the Viacom Board of

23

<PAGE>

Directors for purposes of Section 203 of Delaware Law and no
other corporate proceedings on the part of Viacom are necessary
to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions
contemplated herein (other than, with respect to the Merger,
the approval by the holders of a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Viacom Class A Common Stock of (i) this
Agreement and the Merger and (ii) to the extent necessary, the
amendment to Viacom's Certificate of Incorporation necessary to
increase (x) the shares of authorized Viacom Class B Common
Stock to a number not less than the number sufficient to
consummate the issuance of Shares of Viacom Class B Common
Stock contemplated under this Agreement and (y) the size of the
Board of Directors of Viacom to a number not less than 12
(collectively, the "Viacom Vote Matter"; and the amendments to
Viacom's Certificate of Incorporation described in clauses (x)
and (y) being, collectively, the "Viacom Certificate
Amendments"), and the filing and recordation of the foregoing
amendment to Viacom's Certificate of Incorporation and
appropriate merger documents as required by Delaware Law).
This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered
by Viacom and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by Blockbuster, constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of Viacom, enforceable against Viacom in accordance
with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar
laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject, as to
enforceability, to the effect of general principles of equity
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law).

SECTION 4.05. No Conflict; Required Filings and
Consents. (a) Except as set forth in Section 4.05 of the
Viacom Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by Viacom do not, and the performance of the
transactions contemplated herein by Viacom will not,
(i) conflict with or violate the Certificate of Incorporation
or By-Laws or equivalent organizational documents of Viacom or
any Material Viacom Subsidiary, (ii) conflict with or violate
any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable
to Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary or by which any property or
asset of Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary is bound or affected,
or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an
event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, result in the loss of a material benefit under
or give to others any right of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a
lien or other encumbrance on any property or asset of Viacom or
any Viacom Subsidiary pursuant

24

<PAGE>

to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or
obligation to which Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary is a party
or by which Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary or any property or
asset of Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary is bound or affected,
except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), for any such
conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences
which would not prevent or delay consummation of the Merger in
any material respect, or otherwise prevent Viacom from
performing its obligations under this Agreement in any material
respect, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Viacom Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Viacom do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Viacom
will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or
permit of, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental
Entity, except (i) for (A) applicable requirements, if any, of
the Exchange Act, Securities Act, state securities or Blue Sky
Laws and state takeover laws, (B) the pre-merger notification
requirements of the HSR Act, (C) applicable requirements, if
any, of the Communications Act, and of state and local
governmental authorities, including state and local authorities
granting franchises to operate cable systems, (D) applicable
requirements of the Investment Canada Act of 1985 and the
Competition Act (Canada), (E) filing and recordation of
appropriate merger documents and the Viacom Certificate
Amendments as required by Delaware Law and (F) any non-United
States competition, antitrust and investment laws and (ii)
where failure to obtain such consents, approvals,
authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or
notifications, would not prevent or delay consummation of the
Merger in any material respect, or otherwise prevent Viacom
from performing its obligations under this Agreement in any
material respect, and would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Viacom Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 4.06. Compliance. Neither Viacom nor any
Viacom Subsidiary is in conflict with, or in default or
violation of, (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or
decree applicable to Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary or by
which any property or asset of Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary
is bound or affected, or (ii) any note, bond, mortgage,
indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit,
franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Viacom or
any Viacom Subsidiary is a party or by which Viacom or any
Viacom Subsidiary or any property or asset of Viacom or any
Viacom Subsidiary is bound or affected, except for any

25

<PAGE>

such conflicts, defaults or violations that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Viacom Material
Adverse Effect.

SECTION 4.07. SEC Filings; Financial Statements. (a)
Viacom has filed all forms, reports and documents required to
be filed by it with the SEC since December 31, 1990, and has
heretofore made available to Blockbuster, in the form filed
with the SEC (excluding any exhibits thereto), (i) its Annual
Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31,
1990, 1991 and 1992, respectively, (ii) its Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 1993, June 30,
1993 and September 30, 1993, (iii) all proxy statements
relating to Viacom's meetings of stockholders (whether annual
or special) held since January 1, 1991 and (iv) all other
forms, reports and other registration statements (other than
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q not referred to in clause (ii)
above and preliminary materials) filed by Viacom with the SEC
since December 31, 1990 (the forms, reports and other documents
referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv) above being
referred to herein, collectively, as the "Viacom SEC Reports").
The Viacom SEC Reports and any other forms, reports and other
documents filed by Viacom with the SEC after the date of this
Agreement (x) were or will be prepared in accordance with the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as the
case may be, and the rules and regulations thereunder and (y)
did not at the time they were filed, or will not at the time
they are filed, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. No Material Viacom Subsidiary (other than Viacom
International Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Viacom International")) is required to file any form, report
or other document with the SEC.

(b) Viacom International has filed all forms, reports
and documents required to be filed by it with the SEC since
December 31, 1992 and Viacom has heretofore made available to
Blockbuster, in the form filed with the SEC (excluding any
exhibits thereto), (i) Viacom International's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992, (ii) Viacom
International's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods
ended March 31, 1993, June 30, 1993 and September 30, 1993,
(iii) all proxy statements relating to Viacom International's
meetings of stockholders (whether annual or special) held since
January 1, 1993 and (iv) all other forms, reports and other
registration statements (other than Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q not referred to in clause

26

<PAGE>

(ii) above and preliminary materials) filed by Viacom
International with the SEC since December 31, 1992 (the forms,
reports and other documents referred to in clauses (i), (ii),
(iii) and (iv) above being referred to herein, collectively, as
the "Viacom International SEC Reports"). The Viacom
International SEC Reports and any forms, reports and other
documents filed by Viacom International with the SEC after the
date of this Agreement (x) were or will be prepared in
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations
thereunder and (y) did not at the time they were filed, or will
not at the time they are filed, contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

(c) Each of the consolidated financial statements
(including, in each case, any notes thereto) contained in the
Viacom SEC Reports and the Viacom International SEC Reports was
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
indicated (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and
each fairly presented the consolidated financial position,
results of operations and cash flows of Viacom and the
consolidated Viacom Subsidiaries or Viacom International or the
subsidiaries of Viacom International, as the case may be, as at
the respective dates thereof and for the respective periods
indicated therein (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal and recurring year-end adjustments which
were not and are not expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to be material in amount).

(d) Except as and to the extent set forth in the
Viacom SEC Reports filed with the SEC prior to the date of this
Agreement, Viacom and the Viacom Subsidiaries do not have any
liability or obligation of any nature (whether accrued,
absolute, contingent or otherwise) other than liabilities and
obligations which would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Viacom Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 4.08. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.
Since December 31, 1992, except as contemplated by this
Agreement, as set forth in Section 4.08 of the Disclosure
Schedule or disclosed in any Viacom SEC Report filed since
December 31, 1992 and prior to the date of this Agreement,
Viacom and the Viacom Subsidiaries have conducted their
businesses only in the ordinary course and in a manner
consistent with past practice and, since December 31, 1992

27

<PAGE>

there has not been (i) any Viacom Material Adverse Effect, (ii)
any damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by
insurance) with respect to any property or asset of Viacom or
any Viacom Subsidiary and having, individually or in the
aggregate, a Viacom Material Adverse Effect, (iii) any change
by Viacom in its accounting methods, principles or practices,
(iv) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend
or distribution in respect of any capital stock of Viacom or
any Viacom Subsidiary or any redemption, purchase or other
acquisition of any of their respective securities other than
dividends by a Viacom Subsidiary to Viacom or (v) other than as
set forth in Section 4.03 and pursuant to the plans, programs
or arrangements referred to in Section 4.10, other than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, any
increase in or establishment of any bonus, insurance,
severance, deferred compensation, pension, retirement, profit
sharing, stock option (including, without limitation, the
granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights,
performance awards, or restricted stock awards), stock purchase
or other employee benefit plan, or any other increase in the
compensation payable or to become payable to any officers or
key employees of Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary, except for
the establishment of the Viacom Inc. Stock Option Plan for
Outside Directors and the grant of options to purchase an
aggregate of 25,000 shares thereunder.

SECTION 4.09. Absence of Litigation. Except as
disclosed in the Viacom SEC Reports filed with the SEC prior to
the date of this Agreement, there is no claim, action,
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the best knowledge
of Viacom, threatened against Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary,
or any property or asset of Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary,
before any court, arbitrator or administrative, governmental or
regulatory authority or body, domestic or foreign, which,
individually or in the aggregate, would have a Viacom Material
Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Viacom SEC Reports
filed with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement, neither
Viacom nor any Viacom Subsidiary nor any property or asset of
Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary is subject to any order, writ,
judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award which
would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Viacom Material
Adverse Effect.

SECTION 4.10. Employee Benefit Plans. With respect
to all the employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements
maintained or contributed to by Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary
for the benefit of any current or former employee, officer or
director of Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary (the "Viacom
Plans"), except as set forth in Section 4.10 of the

28

<PAGE>

Viacom Disclosure Schedule or the Viacom SEC Reports and except
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Viacom
Material Adverse Effect: (i) none of the Viacom Plans is a
multiemployer plan within the meaning of ERISA; (ii) none of
the Viacom Plans promises or provides retiree medical or life
insurance benefits to any person; (iii) each Viacom Plan
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has
received a favorable determination letter from the IRS that it
is so qualified and nothing has occurred since the date of such
letter that could reasonably be expected to affect the
qualified status of such Viacom Plan; (iv) each Viacom Plan has
been operated in all material respects in accordance with its
terms and the requirements of applicable law; (v) neither
Viacom nor any Viacom Subsidiary has incurred any direct or
indirect liability under, arising out of or by operation of
Title IV of ERISA in connection with the termination of, or
withdrawal from, any Viacom Plan or other retirement plan or
arrangement, and no fact or event exists that could reasonably
be expected to give rise to any such liability; and (vi) Viacom
and the Viacom Subsidiaries have not incurred any liability
under, and have complied in all respects with, WARN, and no
fact or event exists that could give rise to liability under
such act. Except as set forth in Section 4.10 of the Viacom
Disclosure Schedule or the Viacom SEC Reports, the aggregate
accumulated benefit obligations of each Viacom Plan subject to
Title IV of ERISA (as of the date of the most recent actuarial
valuation prepared for such Viacom Plan) do not exceed the fair
market value of the assets of such Viacom Plan (as of the date
of such valuation).

SECTION 4.11. Trademarks, Patents and Copyrights.
Viacom and the Viacom Subsidiaries own, or possess adequate
licenses or other valid rights to use, all material patents,
patent rights, trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade
name rights, copyrights, service marks, service mark rights,
trade secrets, applications to register, and registrations for,
the foregoing trademarks, service marks, know-how and other
proprietary rights and information used in connection with the
business of Viacom and the Viacom Subsidiaries as currently
conducted, and no assertion or claim has been made in writing
challenging the validity of any of the foregoing which,
individually or in the aggregate, would have a Viacom Material
Adverse Effect. To the best knowledge of Viacom, the conduct
of the business of Viacom and the Viacom Subsidiaries as
currently conducted does not conflict in any way with any
patent, patent right, license, trademark, trademark right,
trade name, trade name right, service mark or copyright of any
third party that,

29

<PAGE>

individually or in the aggregate, would have a Viacom Material
Adverse Effect.

SECTION 4.12. Taxes. Viacom and the Viacom
Subsidiaries have timely filed all federal, state, local and
foreign tax returns and reports required to be filed by them
through the date hereof and shall timely file all returns and
reports required on or before the Effective Time, except for
such returns and reports the failure of which to file timely
would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Viacom
Material Adverse Effect. Such reports and returns are and will
be true, correct and complete, except for such failures to be
true, correct and complete as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Viacom Material Adverse Effect. Viacom and
the Viacom Subsidiaries have paid and discharged all federal,
state, local and foreign taxes due from them, other than such
taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and are adequately reserved as shown in the audited
consolidated balance sheet of Viacom dated December 31, 1992
(the "Viacom 1992 Balance Sheet") and its most recent quarterly
financial statements, except for such failures to so pay and
discharge which would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Viacom Material Adverse Effect. Neither the IRS nor any
other taxing authority or agency, domestic or foreign, is now
asserting or, to the best knowledge of Viacom, threatening to
assert against Viacom or any Viacom Subsidiary any deficiency
or material claim for additional taxes or interest thereon or
penalties in connection therewith which, if such deficiencies
or claims were finally resolved against Viacom and the Viacom
Subsidiaries, would, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Viacom Material Adverse Effect. The accruals and reserves for
taxes (including interest and penalties, if any, thereon)
reflected in the Viacom 1992 Balance Sheet and the most recent
quarterly financial statements are adequate in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, except where the
failure to be adequate would not have a Viacom Material Adverse
Effect. Viacom and the Viacom Subsidiaries have withheld or
collected and paid over to the appropriate governmental
authorities or are properly holding for such payment all taxes
required by law to be withheld or collected, except for such
failures to have so withheld or collected and paid over or to
be so holding for payment which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a Viacom Material Adverse Effect. There
are no material liens for taxes upon the assets of Viacom or
the Viacom Subsidiaries, other than liens for current taxes not
yet due and payable and liens for taxes that are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. Neither
Viacom nor any Viacom Subsidiary has agreed to or is required
to make any

30

<PAGE>

adjustment under Section 481(a) of the Code. Neither Viacom
nor any Viacom Subsidiary has made an election under Section
341(f) of the Code. For purposes of this Section 4.12, where a
determination of whether a failure by Viacom or a Viacom
Subsidiary to comply with the representations herein has a
Viacom Material Adverse Effect is necessary, such determination
shall be made on an aggregate basis with all other failures
within this Section 4.12.

SECTION 4.13. Opinion of Financial Advisor. Viacom
has received the opinion of Smith Barney Shearson Inc. ("Smith
Barney"), dated January 6, 1994, to the effect that, as of such
date, the Merger is fair to the stockholders of Viacom from a
financial point of view, a copy of which opinion has been
delivered to Blockbuster.

SECTION 4.14. Vote Required. The affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Viacom
Class A Common Stock is the only vote of the holders of any
class or series of Viacom capital stock necessary to approve
the Viacom Vote Matter.

SECTION 4.15. Brokers. No broker, finder or
investment banker (other than Smith Barney) is entitled to any
brokerage, finder's or other fee or commission in connection
with the transactions contemplated herein based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of Viacom. Viacom has
heretofore furnished to Blockbuster a complete and correct copy
of all agreements between Viacom and Smith Barney pursuant to
which such firm would be entitled to any payment relating to
the transactions contemplated herein.

ARTICLE V

CONDUCT OF BUSINESSES PENDING THE MERGER

SECTION 5.01. Conduct of Respective Businesses by
Blockbuster and Viacom Pending the Merger. Each of Blockbuster
and Viacom covenants and agrees that, between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time, unless the other party shall
have consented in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld), the businesses of each of Blockbuster and Viacom and
their respective subsidiaries shall, in all material respects,
be conducted in, and each of Blockbuster and Viacom and their
respective subsidiaries shall not take any material action
except in, the ordinary course of business, consistent with
past practice; and each of Blockbuster and Viacom shall use its
reasonable best efforts to preserve substantially intact its
business

31

<PAGE>

organization, to keep available the services of its and its
subsidiaries' current officers, employees and consultants and
to preserve its and its subsidiaries' relationships with
customers, suppliers and other persons with which it or any of
its subsidiaries has significant business relations. By way of
amplification and not limitation, except (i) as contemplated by
this Agreement, (ii) for any actions taken by Viacom relating
to the proposed acquisition by Viacom of Paramount
Communications Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Paramount"),
(iii) for any actions taken by Blockbuster in its capacity as
the controlling stockholder of Spelling that are necessary due
to the applicable fiduciary duties to Spelling and the other
stockholders of Spelling, as determined by Blockbuster in good
faith after consultation with and based upon the advice of
independent legal counsel (who may be Blockbuster's regularly
engaged independent legal counsel) or (iv) as set forth on
Section 5.01 of the Blockbuster Disclosure Schedule or Section
5.01 of the Viacom Disclosure Schedule, neither Viacom nor
Blockbuster nor any of their respective subsidiaries shall,
between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time,
directly or indirectly do, or propose or agree to do, any of
the following without the prior written consent of the other
(provided that the following restrictions shall not apply to
any subsidiaries which Blockbuster or Viacom, as the case may
be, do not control):

(a) amend or otherwise change the Certificate of
Incorporation or By-Laws of Viacom or Blockbuster (except,
with respect to Viacom, the Viacom Certificate Amendments);

(b) issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, grant, encumber,
or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge, disposition, grant
or encumbrance of, (i) any shares of capital stock of any class
of it or any of its subsidiaries, or any options (other than
the grant of options in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice to employees who are not
executive officers of Blockbuster or Viacom or the grant of
options previously disclosed by Blockbuster to Viacom prior
to the date of this Agreement), warrants, convertible
securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares
of such capital stock, or any other ownership interest
(including, without limitation, any phantom interest), of it
or any of its subsidiaries (other than the issuance of
shares of capital stock in connection with (A) any dividend
reinvestment plan or by any Blockbuster Plan with an employee
stock fund or employee stock ownership plan feature,
consistent with applicable

32

<PAGE>

securities laws, (B) the exercise of options, warrants or
other similar rights outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement and in accordance with the terms of such options,
warrants or rights in effect on the date of this Agreement,
(C) otherwise permitted to be granted pursuant to this
Agreement or (D) any acquisition by Blockbuster permitted
by paragraph (e)(i) of this Section 5.01) or (ii) any
assets of it or any of its subsidiaries, except for sales
in the ordinary course of business or which, individually,
do not exceed $10,000,000 or which, in the aggregate, do
not exceed $25,000,000;

(c) declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or
other distribution, payable in cash, stock, property or
otherwise, with respect to any of its capital stock except,
(i) in the case of Blockbuster, the regular quarterly
dividend payable on or about April 1, 1994 in an amount not
to exceed $.025 per share of Blockbuster Common Stock, (ii)
in the case of Blockbuster, other regular quarterly
dividends in amounts not in excess of $.025 per share per
quarter and payable consistent with past practice, (iii) in
the case of Spelling, regular quarterly dividends of $.020
per share per quarter and payable consistent with past
practice and (iv) dividends declared and paid by a
subsidiary of either Blockbuster (other than Spelling) or
Viacom (each such dividend to be declared and paid in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice);

(d) reclassify, combine, split, subdivide or redeem,
purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any
of its capital stock other than acquisitions by a dividend
reinvestment plan or by any Blockbuster Plan with an
employee stock fund or employee stock ownership plan
feature, consistent with applicable securities laws;

(e) (i) acquire (for cash or shares of stock)
(including, without limitation, by merger, consolidation,
or acquisition of stock or assets) any corporation,
partnership, other business organization or any division
thereof or any assets, except for such acquisitions which,
individually, do not exceed $10,000,000 or which, in the
aggregate, do not exceed $25,000,000; (ii) incur any
indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt
securities or assume, guarantee or endorse, or otherwise as
an accommodation become responsible for, the obligations of
any person, or make any loans or advances, except (A)
indebtedness incurred by Viacom in connection with the
proposed acquisition by Viacom of Paramount and

33

<PAGE>

in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, (B) indebtedness incurred by
Blockbuster in connection with the performance of its
obligations under the Subscription Agreement, (C) the
refinancing of existing indebtedness, (D) in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, borrowings under commercial paper programs in the
ordinary course of business, (E) borrowings under existing
bank lines of credit in the ordinary course of business,
(F) in the case of Blockbuster, indebtedness resulting from
the issuance of debt securities registered pursuant to the
Registration Statement on Form S-3, registration number
33-56154, or (G) indebtedness which, in the aggregate, does
not exceed $25,000,000; or (iii) enter into or amend any
contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement with respect
to any matter set forth in this Section 5.01(e);

(f) increase the compensation payable or to become
payable to its executive officers or employees, except for
increases in the ordinary course of business in accordance
with past practice, or grant any severance or termination
pay to, or enter into any employment or severance agreement
with any director or executive officer of it or any of its
subsidiaries, or establish, adopt, enter into or amend in
any material respect or take action to accelerate any
rights or benefits under any collective bargaining, bonus,
profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock option, restricted
stock, pension,
retirement, deferred compensation, employment, termination,
severance or other plan, agreement, trust, fund, policy or
arrangement for the benefit of any director, executive
officer or employee; or

(g) take any action, other than reasonable and usual
actions in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice, with respect to accounting policies or
procedures.

ARTICLE VI

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

SECTION 6.01. Access to Information; Confidentiality.
(a) From the date hereof to the Effective Time, each of
Blockbuster and Viacom shall (and shall cause its subsidiaries
and officers, directors, employees, auditors and agents to)
afford the officers, employees and agents of

34

<PAGE>

the other party (the "Respective Representatives") reasonable
access at all reasonable times to its officers, employees,
agents, properties, offices, plants and other facilities, books
and records, and shall furnish such Respective Representatives
with all financial, operating and other data and information as
may be reasonably requested.

(b) All information obtained by Blockbuster or Viacom
pursuant to this Section 6.01 shall be kept confidential in
accordance with the confidentiality agreement, dated July 1,
1993 (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), between Blockbuster and
Viacom.

(c) No investigation pursuant to this Section 6.01
shall affect any representation or warranty in this Agreement
of any party hereto or any condition to the obligations of the
parties hereto.

SECTION 6.02. Directors' and Officers'
Indemnification and Insurance. (a) The Certificate of
Incorporation and By-Laws of the Surviving Corporation shall
contain the provisions with respect to indemnification set
forth in the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of Viacom
on the date of this Agreement, which provisions shall not be
amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six
years after the Effective Time in any manner that would
adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals who at
any time prior to the Effective Time were directors or officers
of Blockbuster in respect of actions or omissions occurring at
or prior to the Effective Time (including, without limitation,
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), unless such
modification is required by law.

(b) From and after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
present and former officers and directors of Blockbuster
(collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") against all losses,
expenses, claims, damages, liabilities or amounts that are paid
in settlement of, with the approval of the Surviving
Corporation (which approval shall not unreasonably be
withheld), or otherwise in connection with any claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation (a "Claim"), based in whole
or in part on the fact that such person is or was a director or
officer of Blockbuster and arising out of actions or omissions
occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including, without
limitation, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement),
in each case to the full extent permitted under Delaware Law
(and shall pay expenses in advance of the final disposition of
any such action or proceeding to each Indemnified Party to the
fullest extent permitted under

35

<PAGE>

Delaware Law, upon receipt from the Indemnified Party to whom
expenses are advanced of the undertaking to repay such advances
contemplated by Section 145(e) of Delaware Law).

(c) Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any
Claim is brought against any Indemnified Party (whether arising
before or after the Effective Time) after the Effective Time
(i) the Indemnified Parties may retain Blockbuster's regularly
engaged independent legal counsel or other independent legal
counsel satisfactory to them, provided that such other counsel
shall be reasonably acceptable to the Surviving Corporation,
(ii) the Surviving Corporation shall pay all reasonable fees
and expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified Parties
promptly as statements therefor are received and (iii) the
Surviving Corporation will use its reasonable best efforts to
assist in the vigorous defense of any such matter, provided
that the Surviving Corporation shall not be liable for any
settlement of any Claim effected without its written consent,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any
Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification under this
Section 6.02 upon learning of any such Claim shall notify the
Surviving Corporation (although the failure so to notify the
Surviving Corporation shall not relieve the Surviving
Corporation from any liability which the Surviving Corporation
may have under this Section 6.02, except to the extent such
failure materially prejudices the Surviving Corporation's
position with respect to such claim), and shall deliver to the
Surviving Corporation the undertaking contemplated by Section
145(e) of Delaware Law. The Indemnified Parties as a group may
retain no more than one law firm (in addition to local counsel)
to represent them with respect to each such matter unless there
is, under applicable standards of professional conduct (as
determined by counsel to the Indemnified Parties), a conflict
on any significant issue between the positions of any two or
more Indemnified Parties, in which event such additional
counsel as may be required may be retained by the Indemnified
Parties.

(d) For a period of three years after the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause to be maintained in
effect the current policies of directors' and officers'
liability insurance maintained by Blockbuster (provided that
the Surviving Corporation may substitute therefor policies of
at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and
conditions which are no less advantageous to former officers
and directors of Blockbuster) with respect to claims arising
from facts or events which occurred before the Effective Time;
provided, however, that in no event shall the Surviving
Corporation be required to expend pursuant to this Section

36

<PAGE>

6.02(d) more than an amount equal to 200% of current annual
premiums paid by Blockbuster for such insurance (which premiums
Blockbuster represents and warrants to be $756,000 in the
aggregate).

(e) This Section 6.02 is intended to be for the
benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, the Indemnified
Parties, their heirs and personal representatives and shall be
binding on the Surviving Corporation and its respective
successors and assigns.

SECTION 6.03. Notification of Certain Matters.
Blockbuster shall give prompt notice to Viacom, and Viacom
shall give prompt notice to Blockbuster, of (i) the occurrence,
or non-occurrence, of any event the occurrence, or
non-occurrence, of which would be likely to cause (x) any
representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to be
untrue or inaccurate or (y) any covenant, condition or
agreement contained in this Agreement not to be complied with
or satisfied and (ii) any failure of Blockbuster or Viacom, as
the case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it
hereunder; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice
pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall not limit or otherwise
affect the remedies available hereunder to the party receiving
such notice.

SECTION 6.04. Tax Treatment. Each of Blockbuster and
Viacom will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger
to qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section
368(a) of the Code and to obtain the opinions of counsel
referred to in Sections 7.02(c) and 7.03(c).

SECTION 6.05. Registration Statement; Joint Proxy
Statement. (a) As promptly as practicable after the execution
of this Agreement, (i) Viacom and Blockbuster shall prepare and
file with the SEC a joint proxy statement relating to the
meetings of Blockbuster's stockholders and holders of Viacom
Class A Common Stock to be held in connection with the Merger
(together with any amendments thereof or supplements thereto,
the "Proxy Statement") and (ii) Viacom shall prepare and file
with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (together
with all amendments thereto, the "Registration Statement") in
which the Proxy Statement shall be included as a prospectus, in
connection with the registration under the Securities Act of
the shares of Viacom Common Stock and the VCRs to be issued to
the stockholders of Blockbuster pursuant to the Merger. Each
of Blockbuster and Viacom shall use all reasonable efforts to
have or cause the Registration Statement to become

37

<PAGE>

effective as promptly as practicable, and shall take all or any
action required under any applicable federal or state
securities laws in connection with the issuance of shares of
Viacom Common Stock and VCRs pursuant to the Merger. Each of
Blockbuster and Viacom shall furnish all information concerning
itself to the other as the other may reasonably request in
connection with such actions and the preparation of the
Registration Statement and Proxy Statement. As promptly as
practicable after the Registration Statement shall have become
effective, each of Viacom and Blockbuster shall mail the Proxy
Statement to its respective stockholders. The Proxy Statement
shall include the recommendation of the Board of Directors of
each of Viacom and Blockbuster in favor of the Merger, unless
otherwise necessary due to the applicable fiduciary duties of
the respective directors of Viacom and Blockbuster, as
determined by such directors in good faith after consultation
with and based upon the advice of independent legal counsel
(who may be such party's regularly engaged independent legal
counsel).

(b) The information supplied by Viacom for inclusion
in the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement shall
not, at (i) the time the Registration Statement is declared
effective, (ii) the time the Proxy Statement (or any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto) is first mailed to the
stockholders of Viacom and Blockbuster, (iii) the time of each
of the Stockholders' Meetings (as defined in Section 6.06), and
(iv) the Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein not misleading. If at any time prior to the Effective
Time any event or circumstance relating to Viacom or any of the
Viacom Subsidiaries, or their respective officers or directors,
should be discovered by Viacom which should be set forth in an
amendment or a supplement to the Registration Statement or
Proxy Statement, Viacom shall promptly inform Blockbuster.

(c) The information supplied by Blockbuster for
inclusion in the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement
shall not, at (i) the time the Registration Statement is
declared effective, (ii) the time the Proxy Statement (or any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto) is first mailed to the
stockholders of Blockbuster and Viacom, (iii) the time of each
of the Stockholders' Meetings, and (iv) the Effective Time,
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein not
misleading. If at any time prior to the Effective Time any
event or circumstance relating to

38

<PAGE>

Blockbuster or any of the Blockbuster Subsidiaries, or their
respective officers or directors, should be discovered by
Blockbuster which should be set forth in an amendment or a
supplement to the Registration Statement or Proxy Statement,
Blockbuster shall promptly inform Viacom.

(d) Viacom represents and warrants to Blockbuster
that the information supplied by and relating to Viacom for
inclusion in the Paramount Offer Documents (as defined below)
will not, at the time the Paramount Offer Documents are filed
with the SEC or are first published, sent or given to
stockholders of Paramount, as the case may be, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The
Paramount Offer Documents shall comply in all material respects
as to form with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder.

(e) Blockbuster represents and warrants to Viacom
that the information supplied by and relating to Blockbuster
for inclusion in the Paramount Offer Documents will not, at the
time the Paramount Offer Documents are filed with the SEC or
are first published, sent or given to stockholders of
Paramount, as the case may be, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not misleading.

(f) For the purposes of this Section 6.05, the term
"Paramount Offer Documents" shall mean the Tender Offer
Statement on Schedule 14D-1 relating to the tender offer by
Viacom for shares of common stock of Paramount, the offer to
purchase incorporated by reference therein and forms of the
related letter of transmittal and any related summary
advertisement, together with all supplements and amendments to
the foregoing.

SECTION 6.06. Stockholders' Meetings. Blockbuster
shall call and hold a meeting of its stockholders and Viacom
shall call and hold a meeting of the holders of the Viacom
Class A Common Stock (collectively, the "Stockholders'
Meetings") as promptly as practicable for the purpose of voting
upon the approval, in the case of Blockbuster, of the Merger
and, in the case of Viacom, of the Viacom Vote Matter, and
Viacom and Blockbuster shall use their reasonable best efforts
to hold the Stockholders' Meetings on the same day and as soon
as practicable after the date on which the

39

<PAGE>

Registration Statement becomes effective. Blockbuster shall
use its reasonable best efforts to solicit from its
stockholders proxies in favor of the approval of the Merger,
and shall take all other action necessary or advisable to
secure the vote or consent of stockholders required by Delaware
Law to obtain such approvals, unless otherwise necessary under
the applicable fiduciary duties of the respective directors of
Blockbuster, as determined by such directors in good faith
after consultation with and based upon the advice of
independent legal counsel (who may be such party's regularly
engaged independent legal counsel).

SECTION 6.07. Letters of Accountants. (a)
Blockbuster shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause to
be delivered to Viacom "comfort" letters of Arthur Andersen,
Blockbuster's independent public accountants, dated and
delivered the date on which the Registration Statement shall
become effective and as of the Effective Time, and addressed to
Viacom, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Viacom
and reasonably customary in scope and substance for letters
delivered by independent public accountants in connection with
transactions such as those contemplated by this Agreement.

(b) Viacom shall use its reasonable best efforts to
cause to be delivered to Blockbuster "comfort" letters of Price
Waterhouse, Viacom's independent public accountants, dated the
date on which the Registration Statement shall become effective
and as of the Effective Time, and addressed to Blockbuster, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Blockbuster and
reasonably customary in scope and substance for letters
delivered by independent public accountants in connection with
transactions such as those contemplated by this Agreement.

SECTION 6.08. [Intentionally Deleted]

SECTION 6.09. Further Action; Reasonable Best
Efforts. (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions
hereof, each of the parties hereto shall (i) make promptly its
respective filings, and thereafter make any other required
submissions under the HSR Act with respect to the transactions
contemplated herein, (ii) make promptly filings with or
applications to the Federal Communications Commission (the
"FCC") with respect to the transactions contemplated herein, if
required and (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all appropriate action, and to do, or cause
to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under
applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make
effective the transactions contemplated herein,

40

<PAGE>

including, without limitation, using its reasonable best
efforts to obtain all licenses, permits, consents, approvals,
authorizations, qualifications and orders of Governmental
Entities and parties to contracts with Viacom and Blockbuster
and their respective subsidiaries as are necessary for the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein. In case
at any time after the Effective Time any further action is
necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this
Agreement, the proper officers and directors of each party to
this Agreement shall use their reasonable best efforts to take
all such action.

(b) Each party shall use its best efforts not to take
any action, or enter into any transaction, which would cause
any of its representations or warranties contained in this
Agreement to be untrue or result in a breach of any covenant
made by it in this Agreement.

SECTION 6.10. Debt Instruments. Prior to or at the
Effective Time, Blockbuster and each Blockbuster Subsidiary
shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the
occurrence, as a result of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, of a change in
control or any event which constitutes a default (or an event
which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under any debt instrument of Blockbuster or any
Blockbuster Subsidiary, including, without limitation, debt
securities registered under the Securities Act.

SECTION 6.11. Public Announcements. Viacom and
Blockbuster shall consult with each other before issuing any
press release or otherwise making any public statements with
respect to this Agreement or any transaction contemplated
herein and shall not issue any such press release or make any
such public statement without the prior consent of the other
party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided,
however, that a party may, without the prior consent of the
other party, issue such press release or make such public
statement as may be required by law or any listing agreement
with a national securities exchange to which Viacom or
Blockbuster is a party if it has used all reasonable efforts to
consult with the other party and to obtain such party's consent
but has been unable to do so in a timely manner.

SECTION 6.12. Listing of Shares of Viacom Common
Stock and VCRs. Viacom shall use its reasonable best efforts
to cause the shares of Viacom Common Stock and the VCRs to be
issued in the Merger to be approved for listing on the AMEX
prior to the Effective Time.

41

<PAGE>

SECTION 6.13. Affiliates of Blockbuster.
(a) Within 30 days after the date of this Agreement, (a)
Blockbuster shall deliver to Viacom a letter identifying all
persons who may be deemed affiliates of Blockbuster under Rule
145 of the Securities Act ("Rule 145"), including, without
limitation, all directors and executive officers of Blockbuster
and (b) Blockbuster shall advise the persons identified in such
letter of the resale restrictions imposed by applicable
securities laws. Blockbuster shall use its reasonable best
efforts to obtain as soon as practicable from any person who
may be deemed to have become an affiliate of Blockbuster after
Blockbuster's delivery of the letter referred to above and
prior to the Effective Time, a written agreement substantially
in the form of Exhibit 6.13.

(b) If any stockholder of Blockbuster who is identified by
Blockbuster as an affiliate of Blockbuster in accordance with
paragraph (a) of this Section 6.13 reasonably determines that
such stockholder will not be eligible to sell all of the shares
(the "Stockholder Shares") of Viacom Common Stock received by
such stockholder in the Merger pursuant to Rule 145(d)(1) in
the three month period immediately following the Effective
Time, Viacom agrees, if requested by such stockholder, to
either, at Viacom's option, (i) take such actions reasonably
necessary to register the Stockholder Shares for resale
pursuant to the Registration Statement or (ii) promptly after
the Effective Time, register the Stockholder Shares pursuant to
a registration statement on Form S-3. Viacom shall maintain
the effectiveness of any such registration statement (subject
to Viacom's right to convert to a Form S-3 registration from
the Registrtion Statement at any time) until such time as
Viacom reasonably determines that such stockholder will be
eligible to sell all of the Stockholder Shares then owned by
the Stockholder pursuant to Rule 145(d)(1) in the three month
period immediately following the termination of the
effectiveness of the applicable registration statement.
Viacom's obligations contained in this paragraph (b) shall
terminate on the second anniversary of the Effective Time.

SECTION 6.14. Conveyance Taxes. Viacom and
Blockbuster shall cooperate in the preparation, execution and
filing of all returns, questionnaires, applications, or other
documents regarding any real property transfer or gains, sales,
use, transfer, value added, stock transfer and stamp taxes, any
transfer, recording, registration and other fees, and any
similar taxes which become payable in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby that are required or permitted
to be filed on or before the Effective Time.

42

<PAGE>

SECTION 6.15. Assumption of Debt and Leases. With
respect to debt issued by Blockbuster under indentures
qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 ("Indentures"),
Viacom shall execute and deliver to the trustees, under the
respective Indentures, Supplemental Indentures, in form
satisfactory to the respective trustees, expressly assuming the
obligations of Blockbuster with respect to the due and punctual
payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest,
if any, on all debt securities issued by Blockbuster under the
respective Indentures and the due and punctual performance of
all the terms, covenants and conditions of the respective
Indentures to be kept or performed by Blockbuster, and shall
deliver such Supplemental Indentures to the respective trustees
under the Indenture. Viacom shall similarly deliver
instruments of assumption to the holders of any debt
obligations of, holders of warrants of, and the lessors of any
real property to, Blockbuster, which debt obligations, warrants
or leases expressly require such assumption in order for the
Merger to comply with the debt instrument, warrant or lease.

SECTION 6.16. Transactions with Significant
Stockholder After the Effective Time. From and after the
Effective Time and until the tenth anniversary of the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation shall not enter into any
agreement with any stockholder (the "Significant Stockholder")
who beneficially owns more than 35% of the then outstanding
securities entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders of
Viacom that would constitute a Rule 13e-3 (as such rule is in
effect today) transaction under the Exchange Act with respect
to any class of common stock of Viacom (any such transaction
being a "Going Private Transaction"), unless Viacom provides in
any agreement pursuant to which such Going Private Transaction
shall be effected that, as a condition to the consummation of
such Going Private Transaction, (a) the holders of a majority
of the shares not beneficially owned by the Significant
Stockholder that are voted and present (whether in person or by
proxy) at the meeting of stockholders called to vote on such
Going Private Transaction shall have voted in favor thereof and
(b) a special committee (the "Special Committee") of the Board
of Directors of Viacom comprised solely of the independent
directors of Viacom shall have (i) approved the terms and
conditions of the Going Private Transaction and shall have
recommended that the stockholders vote in favor thereof and
(ii) received from its financial advisor a written opinion
addressed to the Special Committee, for inclusion in the proxy
statement to be delivered to the stockholders, and dated the
date thereof, substantially to the effect that the
consideration to be received by the stockholders (other than
the majority

43

<PAGE>

stockholder) in the Going Private Transaction is fair to them
from a financial point of view. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Section 6.16, the restrictions contained
in this Section 6.16 shall not apply to any Significant
Stockholder if there exists another stockholder who
beneficially owns a greater percentage of outstanding
securities entitled to vote at the meeting than the Significant
Stockholder.

ARTICLE VII

CLOSING CONDITIONS

SECTION 7.01. Conditions to Obligations of Each Party
to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of each party
to effect the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
herein shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the
Effective Time of the following conditions, any or all of which
may be waived, in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by
applicable law:

(a) Effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The
Registration Statement shall have been declared effective
by the SEC under the Securities Act. No stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
shall have been issued by the SEC and no proceedings for
that purpose shall have been initiated or, to the knowledge
of Viacom or Blockbuster, threatened by the SEC.

(b) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement and the
Merger shall have been approved and adopted by the
requisite vote of the stockholders of Blockbuster and the
Viacom Vote Matter shall have been approved and adopted by
the requisite vote of the holders of Viacom Class A Common
Stock.

(c) No Order. No Governmental Entity or federal or
state court of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted,
issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule,
regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or other
order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which
is in effect and which materially restricts, prevents or
prohibits consummation of the Merger or any transaction
contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that the
parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause
any such decree, judgment, injunction or other order to be
vacated or lifted.

44
<PAGE>

(d) HSR Act. The applicable waiting period under the
HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.

(e) Approvals. Other than the filing of merger
documents in accordance with Delaware Law, all
authorizations, consents, waivers, orders or approvals
required to be obtained, and all filings, notices or
declarations required to be made, by Viacom and Blockbuster
prior to the consummation of the Merger and the
transactions contemplated hereunder shall have been
obtained from, and made with, all required Governmental
Entities except for such authorizations, consents, waivers,
orders, approvals, filings, notices or declarations the
failure to obtain or make which would not have a material
adverse effect, at or after the Effective Time, on the
financial condition (as existing immediately prior to the
consummation of the Merger) of (i) Blockbuster and the
Blockbuster Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) Viacom
and the Viacom Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

SECTION 7.02. Additional Conditions to Obligations of
Viacom. The obligations of Viacom to effect the Merger and the
transactions contemplated herein are also subject to the
following conditions:

(a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the
representations and warranties of Blockbuster contained in
this Agreement (including, without limitation,
Section 6.05), without giving effect to any notification to
Viacom delivered pursuant to Section 6.03, shall be true
and correct as of the Effective Time as though made on and
as of the Effective Time, except (i) for changes
specifically permitted by this Agreement and (ii) that
those representations and warranties which address matters
only as of a particular date shall remain true and correct
as of such date, except in any case for such failures to be
true and correct which would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Blockbuster Material Adverse Effect.
Viacom shall have received a certificate of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
Blockbuster to such effect.

(b) Agreement and Covenants. Blockbuster shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with all
agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be
performed or complied with by it on or prior to the
Effective Time. Viacom shall have received a certificate
of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of Blockbuster to that effect.

45

<PAGE>

(c) Tax Opinion. Viacom shall have received the
opinion of Shearman & Sterling, dated on or about the date
that is two business days prior to the date the Proxy
Statement is first mailed to stockholders of Viacom and
Blockbuster, to the effect that the Merger will be treated
for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
qualifying under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
Code, which opinion shall not have been withdrawn or
modified in any material respect. The issuance of such
opinion shall be conditioned on the receipt of
representation letters from each of Viacom, Blockbuster,
and certain stockholders of Blockbuster. The specific
provisions of each such representation letter shall be in
form and substance satisfactory to each of Shearman &
Sterling and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, and each
such representation letter shall be dated on or before the
date of such opinion and shall not have been withdrawn or
modified in any material respect.

SECTION 7.03. Additional Conditions to Obligations of
Blockbuster. The obligation of Blockbuster to effect the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated in this
Agreement are also subject to the following conditions:

(a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the
representations and warranties of Viacom contained in this
Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 6.05),
without giving effect to any notification made by Viacom to
Blockbuster pursuant to Section 6.03, shall be true and
correct as of the Effective Time, as though made on and as
of the Effective Time, except (i) for changes specifically
permitted by this Agreement and (ii) that those
representations and warranties which address matters only
as of a particular date shall remain true and correct as of
such date, except in any case for such failures to be true
and correct that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Viacom Material Adverse Effect.
Blockbuster shall have received a certificate of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Viacom to
such effect.

(b) Agreements and Covenants. Viacom shall have
performed or complied in all material respects with all
agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be
performed or complied with by it on or prior to the
Effective Time. Blockbuster shall have received a
certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of Viacom to that effect.

46

<PAGE>

(c) Tax Opinion. Blockbuster shall have received the
opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, dated on
or about the date that is two business days prior to the
date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to stockholders of
Viacom and Blockbuster, to the effect that the Merger will
be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization qualifying under the provisions of
Section 368(a) of the Code, which opinion shall not have
been withdrawn or modified in any material respect. The
issuance of such opinion shall be conditioned on the
receipt of representation letters from each of Viacom,
Blockbuster, and certain stockholders of Blockbuster. The
specific provisions of each such representation letter
shall be in form and substance satisfactory to each of
Shearman & Sterling and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
Flom, and each such representation letter shall be dated on
or before the date of such opinion and shall not have been
withdrawn or modified in any material respect.

(d) Amendments to Viacom's Certificate of
Incorporation. Viacom shall have filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of
Amendment to Viacom's Certificate of Incorporation pursuant
to which the Viacom Certificate Amendments shall have
become effective.

ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

SECTION 8.01. Termination. This Agreement may be
terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after approval of this Agreement and the Merger by
the stockholders of Blockbuster or the approval by the
stockholders of Viacom of the issuance of the shares of Viacom
Common Stock in accordance with Article II:

(a) by mutual consent of Blockbuster and Viacom;

(b) by Viacom, upon a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Blockbuster
set forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or
warranty of Blockbuster shall have become untrue, in either
case such that the conditions set forth in Section 7.02(a)
or Section 7.02(b), as the case may be, would be incapable
of being satisfied by September 30, 1994 (or as otherwise
extended); provided

47

<PAGE>

that, in any case, a wilful breach shall be deemed to cause
such conditions to be incapable of being satisfied for
purposes of this Section 8.01(b);

(c) by Blockbuster, upon a breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part
of Viacom set forth in this Agreement, or if any
representation or warranty of Viacom shall have become
untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth
in Section 7.03(a) or Section 7.03(b), as the case may be,
would be incapable of being satisfied by September 30, 1994
(or as otherwise extended); provided that, in any case, a
wilful breach shall be deemed to cause such conditions to
be incapable of being satisfied for purposes of this
Section 8.01(c);

(d) by either Viacom or Blockbuster, if any permanent
injunction or action by any Governmental Entity preventing
the consummation of the Merger shall have become final and
nonappealable;

(e) by either Viacom or Blockbuster, if the Merger
shall not have been consummated before September 30, 1994;
provided, however, that this Agreement may be extended by
written notice of either Viacom or Blockbuster to a date
not later than November 30, 1994, if the Merger shall not
have been consummated as a direct result of Viacom or
Blockbuster having failed, by September 30, 1994, to
receive all required regulatory approvals or consents with
respect to the Merger;

(f) by either Viacom or Blockbuster, if this
Agreement and the Merger shall fail to receive the
requisite vote for approval and adoption by the
stockholders of Blockbuster or, with respect to Blockbuster
only, Viacom at the Stockholders' Meetings;

(g) by Viacom, if (i) the Board of Directors of
Blockbuster shall withdraw, modify or change its
recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger in a manner
adverse to Viacom or shall have resolved to do any of the
foregoing; (ii) the Board of Directors of Blockbuster shall
have recommended to the shareholders of Blockbuster a
Competing Transaction (as defined below); (iii) a tender
offer or exchange offer for 25% or more of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of Blockbuster is commenced, and
the Board of Directors of Blockbuster recommends that the
stockholders of Blockbuster tender their shares in such
tender or exchange offer; or (iv) any person shall have
acquired beneficial ownership

48

<PAGE>

or the right to acquire beneficial ownership of or any
"group" (as such term is defined under Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder) shall have been formed which beneficially owns,
or has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of, more
than 25% of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of
Blockbuster; and

(h) by Blockbuster, if the Board of Directors of
Blockbuster (x) fails to make or withdraws or modifies its
recommendation referred to in Section 6.05(a) if there
exists at such time a tender offer or exchange offer or a
proposal by a third party to acquire Blockbuster pursuant
to a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business
combination, tender or exchange offer or other similar
transaction or (y) recommends to Blockbuster's stockholders
approval or acceptance of any of the foregoing, in each
case only if the Board of Directors of Blockbuster, after
consultation with and based upon the advice of independent
legal counsel (who may be such party's regularly engaged
independent legal counsel), determines in good faith that
such action is necessary for the Board of Directors of
Blockbuster to comply with its fiduciary duties to
stockholders under applicable law.

The right of any party hereto to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.01 shall remain operative
and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of any party hereto, any person
controlling any such party or any of their respective officers
or directors, whether prior to or after the execution of this
Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, "Competing
Transaction" shall mean any of the following (other than the
transactions contemplated under the Agreement) involving a
party hereto or any of its subsidiaries: (i) any merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, or other
similar transaction; (ii) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage,
pledge, transfer or other disposition of 25% or more of the
assets of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in
a single transaction or series of transactions; (iii) any
tender offer or exchange offer for 25% or more of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of such party or the filing
of a registration statement under the Securities Act in
connection therewith; (iv) any person having acquired
beneficial ownership or the right to acquire beneficial
ownership of, or any "group" (as such term is defined under
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder) having been formed which beneficially
owns or has the right to acquire

49

<PAGE>

beneficial ownership of, 25% or more of the then outstanding
shares of capital stock of such party; or (v) any public
announcement of a proposal, plan or intention to do any of the
foregoing or any agreement to engage in any of the foregoing.

SECTION 8.02. Effect of Termination. Except as
provided in Section 8.05 or Section 9.01, in the event of the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01, this
Agreement shall forthwith become void, there shall be no
liability on the part of Blockbuster or Viacom or any of their
respective officers or directors to the other and all rights
and obligations of any party hereto shall cease; provided,
however, that nothing herein shall relieve any party from
liability for the wilful breach of any of its representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this
Agreement.

SECTION 8.03. Amendment. This Agreement may be
amended by the parties hereto by action taken by or on behalf
of their respective Boards of Directors at any time prior to
the Effective Time; provided, however, that, after approval of
the Merger by the stockholders of Blockbuster or Viacom, no
amendment, which under applicable law may not be made without
the approval of the stockholders of Blockbuster or Viacom, may
be made without such approval. This Agreement may not be
amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the
parties hereto.

SECTION 8.04. Waiver. At any time prior to the
Effective Time, either party hereto may (a) extend the time for
the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the
other party hereto, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties of the other party contained
herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and
(c) waive compliance by the other party with any of the
agreements or conditions contained herein. Any such extension
or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed by the party or parties to be bound thereby.

SECTION 8.05. Fees, Expenses and Other Payments. (a)
Subject to paragraph (b) of this Section 8.05, all
out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including, without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel, financial
advisors and accountants, incurred by the parties hereto shall
be borne solely and entirely by the party which has incurred
such costs and expenses (with respect to such party, its
"Expenses"); provided, however, that all costs and expenses
related to printing, filing and mailing the

50

<PAGE>

Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement and all SEC and
other regulatory filing fees incurred in connection with the
Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement shall be borne
equally by Blockbuster and Viacom.

(b) Blockbuster agrees that if this Agreement shall
be terminated pursuant to (i) Section 8.01(b); (ii)
Section 8.01(f) because this Agreement and the Merger shall
fail to receive the requisite vote for approval and adoption by
the stockholders of Blockbuster at the meeting of stockholders
of Blockbuster called to vote thereon and at the time of such
meeting there shall exist a Competing Transaction; or (iii)
Section 8.01(g)(i), (ii) or (iii) or Section 8.01(h) and at the
time of such termination there shall exist a Competing
Transaction and the terms of such Competing Transaction provide
that Blockbuster's stockholders shall receive consideration
having a higher per share value than the consideration per
share payable to Blockbuster's stockholders under this
Agreement then in any such event Blockbuster shall pay to
Viacom an amount equal to Viacom's Expenses; provided, however,
that in no event shall Blockbuster be obligated to pay any of
Viacom's Expenses exceeding $50,000,000. For purposes of this
Section 8.05(b), the per share value of the consideration
payable to the Blockbuster stockholders under this Agreement
and under the terms of the Competing Transaction shall be the
blended weighted average price per share determined as of the
close of business on the business day prior to the date this
Agreement is terminated.

(c) Any payment required to be made pursuant to
Section 8.05(b) shall be made as promptly as practicable but
not later than five business days after the delivery by Viacom
to Blockbuster of a statement setting forth any of Viacom's
Expenses in reasonable detail and shall be made by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account
designated by Viacom.

ARTICLE IX

GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION 9.01. Effectiveness of Representations,
Warranties and Agreements. (a) Except as set forth in
Section 9.01(b), the representations, warranties and agreements
of each party hereto shall remain operative and in full force
and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of any other party hereto, any person controlling any
such party or any of their officers or

51

<PAGE>

directors, whether prior to or after the execution of this
Agreement.

(b) The representations, warranties and agreements in
this Agreement shall terminate at the Effective Time or upon
the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII;
except that the agreements set forth in Articles I, II and IX
and Sections 6.02 and 6.16 shall survive the Effective Time and
those set forth in Sections 6.01(b), 8.02 and 8.05 and Article
IX hereof shall survive termination.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, no action taken by Viacom in connection with the
acquisition of Paramount, or effect thereof, shall cause any
breach of a representation, warranty or covenant under this
Agreement.

SECTION 9.02. Notices. All notices and other
communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as
of the date delivered, mailed or transmitted, and shall be
effective upon receipt, if delivered personally, mailed by
registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt
requested) to the parties at the following addresses (or at
such other address for a party as shall be specified by like
changes of address) or sent by electronic transmission to the
facsimile numbers specified below:

(a) If to Viacom:

Viacom Inc.
1515 Broadway
New York, New York 10036

Attention: Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary

Facsimile No.: (212) 258-6134

with a copy to:

Shearman & Sterling
599 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022

Attention: Stephen R. Volk, Esq.

Facsimile No.: (212) 848-7179

52

<PAGE>

(b) If to Blockbuster:

Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301-1860

Attention: Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary

Facsimile No.: (305) 852-3939

with a copy to:

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom
919 Third Avenue
New York, New York 10022

Attention: Roger S. Aaron, Esq.

Facsimile No.: (212) 735-2001

SECTION 9.03. Certain Definitions. For purposes of
this Agreement, the term:

(a) "affiliate" means a person that, directly or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, the
first mentioned person;

(b) "beneficial owner", with respect to any shares of
Blockbuster Common Stock, means, unless otherwise defined
herein, a person who shall be deemed to be the beneficial
owner of such shares (i) which such person or any of its
affiliates or associates (as such term is defined in Rule
12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act) beneficially
owns, directly or indirectly, (ii) which such person or any
of its affiliates or associates has, directly or
indirectly, (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is
exercisable immediately or subject only to the passage of
time), pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding or upon the exercise of consideration rights,
exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise or (B)
the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or
understanding or (iii) which are beneficially owned,
directly or indirectly, by any other persons with whom such
person or any of its

53

<PAGE>

affiliates or associates, or any person with whom such
person or any of its affiliates or associates has any
agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of
acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares;

(c) "business day" means any day other than a day on
which (i) banks in the State of New York are authorized or
obligated to be closed or (ii) the New York Stock Exchange
is closed;

(d) "control" (including the terms "controlled",
"controlled by" and "under common control with") means the
possession, directly or indirectly or as trustee or
executor, of the power to direct or cause the direction of
the management or policies of a person, whether through the
ownership of stock or as trustee or executor, by contract
or credit arrangement or otherwise; and

(e) "subsidiary" or "subsidiaries" of Blockbuster,
Viacom, the Surviving Corporation or any other person means
any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other legal
entity of which Blockbuster, Viacom, the Surviving
Corporation or such other person, as the case may be
(either alone or through or together with any other
subsidiary), owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of
the stock or other equity interests, the holders of which
are generally entitled to vote for the election of the
board of directors or other governing body of such
corporation or other legal entity.

SECTION 9.04. Headings. The headings contained in
this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.

SECTION 9.05. Severability. If any term or other
provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other
conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or
legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon
such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto
shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in
an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

54

<PAGE>

SECTION 9.06. Entire Agreement. This Agreement
(together with the Exhibit, the Blockbuster Disclosure
Schedule, the Viacom Disclosure Schedule and the other
documents delivered pursuant hereto) and the Confidentiality
Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and
supersede all prior agreements and undertakings, both written
and oral, between the parties, or any of them, with respect to
the subject matter hereof.

SECTION 9.07. Assignment. This Agreement shall not
be assigned by operation of law or otherwise.

SECTION 9.08. Parties in Interest. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each
party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied
(other than the provisions of Section 6.02 and 6.16), is
intended to or shall confer upon any person any right, benefit
or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement.

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law. Except to the extent
that Delaware Law is mandatorily applicable to the Merger and
the rights of the stockholders of Blockbuster and Viacom, this
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the State of New York, regardless of the laws
that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of
conflicts of law.

SECTION 9.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when
executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

55

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Viacom and Blockbuster have caused
this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written
above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.

ATTEST: VIACOM INC.

By: /s/ Philippe P. Dauman By: /s/ Sumner M. Redstone
------------------------- ---------------------------
Name: Philippe P. Dauman Name: Sumner M. Redstone
Title: Senior Vice Title: Chairman of the 
President, General Board
Counsel and Secretary

ATTEST: BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT
CORPORATION

By: /s/ Thomas W. Hawkins By: /s/ H. Wayne Huizenga
------------------------ ------------------------
Name: Thomas W. Hawkins Name: H. Wayne Huizenga
Title: Vice President, Title: Chaiman of the
General Counsel Board and Chief
and Secretary Executive Officer

56

<PAGE>

ANNEX A

VARIABLE COMMON RIGHTS ("VCRs")

Term Sheet

Issuer: Viacom, Inc.

No. of VCRs to
be issued: One VCR per Blockbuster Share
issued and outstanding at the time
of the Merger, including
Blockbuster Shares subject to
outstanding employee stock
options.

Maturity: First anniversary of Merger.

Trading/Listing: VCRs will be certificated and
trade separately from Viacom
Common Shares. Viacom will use
best efforts to list VCRs on AMEX
or such other exchange on which
its shares are then listed.

Payout: In the ninety trading day period
immediately preceding Maturity
(the "Valuation Period"), a value
for Viacom B Common Shares ("B
Share Value") will be determined.
The B Share Value will equal the
average closing price on the AMEX
(or such other exchange on which
such shares are then listed) for a
Viacom B Common Share during any
30 consecutive trading days in the
Valuation Period which yield the
highest such average closing
price.

Subject to the dilution protection
mentioned below, each VCR will
represent a fraction of one Viacom
B Common Share, such fraction to
be determined based upon the B
Share Value, as set forth below:

57

<PAGE>

B Share Value Value of VCR*

$0 to $35.99 .13829

$36 to $40 30 - .32 - .08 - .60615
B Share Value

$40.01 to $47.99 .05929

$48 to $52 36 - .32 - .08 - .60615
B Share Value

$52.01 and above 0

Maximum Payout: .13829 of one Viacom B Common Share.

Minimum Payout: 0

General Market Adjustment: The dollar amounts set forth in the
table above under "B Share Value" will
be reduced by a percentage equal to any
percentage decline in excess of 25% in
the S&P 400 Index from the Merger to
Maturity.

Limitation on Payout: Notwithstanding the table above, if at
any time during the period from the
Merger to Maturity the average closing
price for a Viacom B Common Share on
AMEX (or such other exchange on which
such shares are then listed) for any 30
consecutive trading days is:

(a) above $40, then the maximum payout,
if any, for each VCR will equal .05929
of one Viacom B Common Share; or

(b) above $52, then the VCRs will have
no value and will automatically
terminate.

* Expressed as a fraction of one Viacom B Common Share

58

<PAGE>

Dilution Protection The number of Viacom B Shares
represented by each VCR will be
adjusted to appropriately reflect
any distribution or dividend paid
in Viacom B Shares and any
combination, split or
reclassification of Viacom B
Shares.

Determination of For purposes of determining any
Trading Period period of consecutive trading
days, trading days shall not be
included if, (i) during the
first month following the
Effective Time, fewer than
400,000 shares of Viacom B
Shares trade, (ii) during the
second month following the
Effective Time, fewer than
300,000 shares of Viacom B
Shares trade, (iii) during the
third month following the
Effective Time, fewer than
250,000 shares of Viacom B
Shares trade and (iv) from and
after the first day of the
fourth month following the
Effective Time, fewer than
200,000 shares of Viacom B
Shares trade.

Neither Viacom Inc., National
Amusements Inc. nor any of
their affiliates shall trade
in Viacom B Shares during
the period from the
Merger to Maturity, except for
benefit plan purposes.

59

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 6.13

FORM OF AFFILIATE LETTER

Viacom Inc.
1515 Broadway
New York, New York 10036

Gentlemen:

I have been advised that as of the date of this letter
I may be deemed to be an "affiliate" of Blockbuster
Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), as the term "affiliate" is defined for purposes of
paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 of the rules and regulations
(the "Rules and Regulations") of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "Commission") under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the "Act"). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of January 7, 1994 (the
"Agreement"), between Viacom Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Viacom"), and the Company, the Company will be merged with
and into Viacom (the "Merger").

As a result of the Merger, I may receive (A) shares of
(i) Class A Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, of Viacom
(the "Viacom Class A Common Stock") and (ii) Class B Common
Stock, par value $.01 per share, of Viacom (the "Viacom Class B
Common Stock"; and, together with the Viacom Class A Common
Stock, the "Viacom Common Stock") and (B) VCRs (as defined in
the Agreement) (the VCRs, together with the Viacom Common
Stock, being the "Viacom Securities"). I would receive such
Viacom Securities in exchange for, respectively, shares (or
options for shares) owned by me of common stock, par value $.10
per share, of the Company (the "Company Common Stock").

I represent, warrant and covenant to Viacom that in
the event I receive any Viacom Securities as a result of the
Merger:

A. I shall not make any sale, transfer or other
disposition of the Viacom Securities in violation of the
Act or the Rules and Regulations.

60

<PAGE>

2

B. I have carefully read this letter and the
Agreement and discussed the requirements of such documents
and other applicable limitations upon my ability to sell,
transfer or otherwise dispose of Viacom Common Stock to the
extent I felt necessary, with my counsel or counsel for the
Company.

C. I have been advised that the issuance of Viacom
Securities to me pursuant to the Merger has been registered
with the Commission under the Act on a Registration
Statement Form S-4. However, I have also been advised
that, because at the time the Merger is submitted for a
vote of the stockholders of the Company, (a) I may be
deemed to be an affiliate of the Company and (b) the
distribution by me of the Viacom Securities has not been
registered under the Act, I may not sell, transfer or
otherwise dispose of Viacom Securities issued to me in the
Merger unless (i) such sale, transfer or other disposition
is made in conformity with the volume and other limitations
of Rule 145 promulgated by the Commission under the Act,
(ii) such sale, transfer or other disposition has been
registered under the Act or (iii) in the opinion of counsel
reasonably acceptable to Viacom, such sale, transfer or
other disposition is otherwise exempt from registration
under the Act.

D. I understand that Viacom is under no obligation to
register the sale, transfer or other disposition of the
Viacom Securities by me or on my behalf under the Act or to
take any other action necessary in order to make compliance
with an exemption from such registration available solely
as a result of the Merger.

E. I also understand that there will be placed on the
certificates for the Viacom Securities issued to me, or any
substitutions therefor, a legend stating in substance:

"THE [SHARES] [RIGHTS] REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
WERE ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION TO WHICH RULE 145
PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 APPLIES.
THE [SHARES] [RIGHTS] REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
MAY ONLY BE TRANSFERRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS
OF AN AGREEMENT

61

<PAGE>

3

DATED , 1994 BETWEEN THE REGISTERED HOLDER HEREOF
AND VIACOM INC., A COPY OF WHICH AGREEMENT IS ON FILE AT
THE PRINCIPAL OFFICES OF VIACOM INC."

F. I also understand that unless a sale or transfer
is made in conformity with the provisions of Rule 145, or
pursuant to a registration statement, Viacom reserves the
right to put the following legend on the certificates
issued to my transferee:

"THE [SHARES] [RIGHTS] REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
1933 AND WERE ACQUIRED FROM A PERSON WHO RECEIVED SUCH
SHARES IN A TRANSACTIONTO WHICH RULE 145 PROMULGATED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 APPLIES. THE
[SHARES] [RIGHTS] HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED BY THE HOLDER NOT
WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR RESALE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY
DISTRIBUTION THEREOF WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933."

It is understood and agreed that the legends set forth
in paragraphs E and F above shall be removed by delivery of
substitute certificates without such legend if the undersigned
shall have delivered to Viacom a copy of a letter from the
staff of the Commission, or an opinion of counsel reasonably
satisfactory to Viacom, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Viacom, to the effect that such legend is not
required for purposes of the Act.

Execution of this letter should not be considered an
admission on my part that I am an "affiliate" of the Company as
described in the first paragraph of this letter, nor as a
waiver of any rights I may have to object to any claim that I
am such an affiliate on or after the date of this letter.

Very truly yours,

Name:

62

<PAGE>

4

Accepted this day of
, 1994, by

VIACOM INC.

By
Name:
Title:

63
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>
[CONFORMED COPY]

STOCKHOLDERS STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

STOCKHOLDERS STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT, dated
as of January 7, 1994, among VIACOM INC., a Delaware corporation
("Viacom"), and each other person and entity listed on the
signature pages hereof (each, a "Stockholder").

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof each Stockholder owns
(either beneficially or of record) the number of shares of
common stock, par value $0.10 per share ("Blockbuster Common
Stock"), of Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Blockbuster"), set forth opposite such
Stockholder's name on Exhibit A hereto (all such shares owned
by the Stockholders and any shares hereafter acquired by the
Stockholders prior to the termination of this Agreement being
referred to herein as the "Shares");

WHEREAS, Viacom and Blockbuster propose to enter into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof
(as the same may be amended from time to time, the "Merger
Agreement"), which provides, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions thereof, for the merger of Blockbuster with and into
Viacom (the "Merger"); and

WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of Viacom
to enter into the Merger Agreement, Viacom has requested that
each Stockholder agree, and, in order to induce Viacom to enter
into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder has agreed,
severally and not jointly, to grant Viacom options to purchase
such Stockholder's Shares;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and
of the mutual agreements and covenants set forth herein and in
the Merger Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE OPTIONS

SECTION 1.01. Grant of Options. Each Stockholder
hereby grants to Viacom an irrevocable option (each, an
"Option") to purchase such Stockholder's Shares at a price per
Share equal to $30.125 (the "Purchase Price"). Each Option
shall expire if not exercised prior to the close of

2

<PAGE>

business on the 120th day following termination of the Merger
Agreement. Each Option shall also expire if the Merger
Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 8.01(c) thereof.

SECTION 1.02. Exercise of Options. Provided that (a)
to the extent necessary, any applicable waiting periods (and
any extension thereof) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvement Act of 1976 and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder (the "HSR Act") with respect to the
exercise of an Option shall have expired or been terminated and
(b) no preliminary or permanent injunction or other order,
decree or ruling issued by any court or governmental or
regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, of competent
jurisdiction prohibiting the exercise of an Option or the
delivery of Shares shall be in effect, Viacom may exercise any
or all of the Options at any time following termination of the
Merger Agreement (other than a termination pursuant to
Section 8.01(c) thereof) until the expiration of such Options,
provided that at the time of exercise of the Options there
exists a Competing Transaction (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) with respect to Blockbuster. In the event that
Viacom wishes to exercise an Option, Viacom shall give written
notice (the date of such notice being herein called the "Notice
Date"), to the Stockholder who granted such Option specifying a
place and date (not later than ten Business Days (as defined
below) and not earlier than three Business Days following the
Notice Date) for closing such purchase (the "Closing"). For
the purposes of this Agreement, the term "Business Day" shall
mean a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banks are not
required or authorized by law or executive order to be closed
in the City of New York.

SECTION 1.03. Payment for and Delivery of
Certificates. At the Closing, (a) Viacom shall pay the
aggregate Purchase Price for the Shares being purchased from
each Stockholder by wire transfer in immediately available
funds of the total amount of the Purchase Price for such Shares
to an account designated by such Stockholder by written notice
to Viacom, and (b) each Stockholder whose Shares are being
purchased shall deliver to Viacom a certificate or certificates
evidencing such Stockholder's Shares, and such Stockholder
agrees that such Shares shall be transfered free and clear of
all liens. All such certificates shall be duly endorsed in
blank, or with appropriate stock powers, duly executed in
blank, attached thereto, in proper form for transfer, with the
signature of such Stockholder thereon guaranteed, and with all
applicable taxes paid or provided for.

3

<PAGE>

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
THE STOCKHOLDERS

Each Stockholder, severally and not jointly, hereby
represents and warrants to Viacom as follows:

SECTION 2.01. Due Organization, etc. Such
Stockholder (if it is a corporation, partnership or other legal
entity) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization. Such
Stockholder has full power and authority (corporate or
otherwise) to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by
all necessary action (corporate or otherwise) on the part of
such Stockholder. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by or on behalf of such Stockholder and, assuming its
due authorization, execution and delivery by Viacom,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such
Stockholder, enforceable against such Stockholder in accordance
with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar
laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject, as to
enforceability, to the effect of general principles of equity
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law).

SECTION 2.02. No Conflicts; Required Filings and
Consents. (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
such Stockholder do not, and the performance of this Agreement
by such Stockholder will not, (i) conflict with or violate the
Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or similar
organizational document of such Stockholder (in the case of a
Stockholder that is a corporation, partnership or other legal
entity), (ii) conflict with or violate any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to such
Stockholder or by which it or any of its properties is bound or
affected, or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a
default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both
would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or
result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the
property or assets of such Stockholder or (if such Stockholder
purports to be a corporation) any of its subsidiaries pursuant
to, any note,

4

<PAGE>

bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license,
permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which
such Stockholder is a party or by which such Stockholder or any
of its properties is bound or affected, except for any such
breaches, defaults or other occurrences that would not cause or
create a material risk of non-performance or delayed
performance by such Stockholder of its obligations under this
Agreement.

(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
such Stockholder do not, and the performance of this Agreement
by such Stockholder will not, require any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to,
any governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign,
except (i) for applicable requirements, if any, of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder (the "Exchange Act"), and the HSR Act
and (ii) where the failure to obtain such consents, approvals,
authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or
notifications, would not prevent or delay the performance by
such Stockholder of its obligations under this Agreement.

SECTION 2.03. Title to Shares. At the Closing such
Stockholder will deliver good and valid title to its Shares
free and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, charge,
claim, equity, option, proxy, voting restriction, right of
first refusal or other limitation on disposition or encumbrance
of any kind, other than pursuant to this Agreement. Subject to
Permitted Liens (as defined below), which will be eliminated
prior to or at the Closing, such Stockholder has full right,
power and authority to sell, transfer and deliver its Shares
pursuant to this Agreement. Upon delivery of such Shares and
payment of the Purchase Price therefor as contemplated herein,
Viacom will receive good and valid title to such Shares, free
and clear of any pledge, lien, security interest, charge,
claim, equity, option, proxy, voting restriction or encumbrance
of any kind.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
VIACOM

Viacom hereby represents and warrants to each
Stockholder as follows:

5

<PAGE>

SECTION 3.01. Due Organization, etc. Viacom is a
corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws
of the State of Delaware. Viacom has all necessary corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby by Viacom have been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of Viacom. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by Viacom and, assuming its due authorization, execution and
delivery by each Stockholder, constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of Viacom, enforceable against Viacom in
accordance with its terms.

SECTION 3.02. No Conflict; Required Filings and
Consents. (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Viacom do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Viacom
will not, (i) conflict with or violate the Certificate of
Incorporation or By-laws of Viacom, (ii) conflict with or
violate any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
applicable to Viacom or by which Viacom or any of its
properties is bound or affected, or (iii) result in any breach
of or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to
others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or
encumbrance on any of the property or assets of Viacom pursuant
to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement,
lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or
obligation to which Viacom is a party or by which it or any of
its properties is bound or affected, except for any such
breaches, defaults or other occurrences that would not cause or
create a material risk of non-performance or delayed
performance by Viacom of its obligations under this
Agreement.

(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Viacom do not, and the performance of this Agreement by Viacom
will not, require any consent, approval, authorization or
permit of, or filing with or notification to, any governmental
or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, except (i) for
applicable requirements, if any, of the Exchange Act and the
HSR Act and (ii) where the failure to obtain such consents,
approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings
or notifications, would not prevent or delay the performance by
Viacom of its obligations under this Agreement.

SECTION 3.03. Investment Intent. The purchase of
Shares from any Stockholder pursuant to this Agreement is for

6

<PAGE>

the account of Viacom for the purpose of investment and not
with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution
thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder.

ARTICLE IV

TRANSFER AND VOTING OF SHARES

SECTION 4.01. Transfer of Shares. During the term of
the Options, and except as otherwise provided herein, each
Stockholder shall not (a) sell, pledge (other than Permitted
Liens (as defined below)) or otherwise dispose of any of its
Shares, (b) deposit its Shares into a voting trust or enter
into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to such
Shares or grant any proxy with respect thereto or (c) enter
into any contract, option or other arrangement or undertaking
with respect to the direct or indirect acquisition or sale,
assignment, transfer or other disposition of any Blockbuster
Common Stock. Exercise of rights or remedies pursuant to bona
fide pledges of Shares to banks or other financial institutions
("Permitted Liens") are not restricted by this Agreement;
provided that in the case of Permitted Liens granted after the
date of this Agreement, such Shares continue to be subject to
the Options.

SECTION 4.02. Voting of Shares; Further Assurances.
(a) Each Stockholder, by this Agreement, with respect to those
Shares that it owns of record, does hereby constitute and
appoint Viacom, or any nominee of Viacom, with full power of
substitution, during and for the term of the Option granted by
such Stockholder hereunder (or, following termination of the
Merger Agreement, during such periods as the Options are
exercisable), as its true and lawful attorney and proxy, for
and in its name, place and stead, to vote each of such Shares
as its proxy, at every annual, special or adjourned meeting of
the stockholders of Blockbuster (including the right to sign
its name (as stockholder) to any consent, certificate or other
document relating to Blockbuster that the law of the State of
Delaware may permit or require) (i) in favor of the adoption of
the Merger Agreement and approval of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) against
any proposal for any recapitalization, merger, sale of assets
or other business combination between Blockbuster and any
person or entity (other than the Merger) or any other action or
agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant,
representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
of Blockbuster under the Merger Agreement or which could result
in any of the conditions to Blockbuster's

7

<PAGE>

obligations under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled, and
(iii) in favor of any other matter relating to consummation of
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Each
Stockholder further agrees to cause the Shares owned by it
beneficially to be voted in accordance with the foregoing.
Each Stockholder acknowledges receipt and review of a copy of
the Merger Agreement.

(b) If Viacom shall exercise any Option in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, and without additional
consideration, the Stockholder who granted such Option shall
execute and deliver further transfers, assignments,
endorsements, consents and other instruments as Viacom may
reasonably request for the purpose of effectively carrying out
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger
Agreement, including the transfer of any and all of such
Stockholder's Shares to Viacom and the release of any and all
liens, claims and encumbrances covering such Shares.

(c) Each Stockholder shall perform such further acts
and execute such further documents and instruments as may
reasonably be required to vest in Viacom the power to carry out
the provisions of this Agreement.

ARTICLE V

GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION 5.01. Notices. All notices and other
communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as
of the date delivered, mailed or transmitted, and shall be
effective upon receipt, if delivered personally, mailed by
registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt
requested) to the parties at the following addresses (or at
such other address for a party as shall be specified by like
changes of address) or sent by electronic transmission to the
telecopier number specified below:

(a) If to Viacom:
Viacom Inc.
1515 Broadway
New York, New York 10036
Attention: Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary
Telecopier No.: 212-258-6134

8

<PAGE>

with a copy to:

Shearman & Sterling
599 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022
Attention: Stephen R. Volk, Esq.
Telecopier No.: (212) 848-7179

(b) If to a Stockholder, to the address set forth
below such Stockholder's name on the signature
pages hereof.

with a copy to:

Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
Attention: Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary
Telecopier No.: 305-832-3929

SECTION 5.02. Headings. The headings contained in
this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement.

SECTION 5.03. Severability. If any term or other
provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other
conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or
legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon
such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto
shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as
possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in
an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

SECTION 5.04. Entire Agreement. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes
all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral,
between the parties, or any of them, with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

9

<PAGE>

SECTION 5.05. Assignment. This Agreement shall not
be assigned by operation of law or otherwise.

SECTION 5.06. Parties in Interest. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each
party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any person any
right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by
reason of this Agreement.

SECTION 5.07. Specific Performance. The parties
hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event
any provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance
with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to
specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any
other remedy at law or in equity.

SECTION 5.08. Governing Law. Except to the extent
that Delaware Law is mandatorily applicable to the rights of
the stockholders of Blockbuster, this Agreement shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
State of New York applicable to contracts executed and to be
performed entirely within that state.

10

<PAGE>

SECTION 5.09. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when
executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above.

VIACOM INC.

By /s/ Sumner M. Redstone
Name: Sumner M. Redstone
Title: Chairman of the
Board

/s/ H. Wayne Huizenga
H. Wayne Huizenga
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Steven R. Berrard
Steven R. Berrard
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ John J. Melk
John J. Melk
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

11

<PAGE>

/s/ Donald F. Flynn
Donald F. Flynn
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ G. Harry Huizenga
G. Harry Huizenga
for G. Harry Huizenga
and Jean Huizenga
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

<PAGE>

EXHIBIT A

List of Stockholders

Number of Shares of
Blockbuster Common Stock Owned
Name of Stockholder Beneficially and of Record

H. Wayne Huizenga 10,905,885

Steven R. Berrard 4,970

John J. Melk 1,547,058

Donald F. Flynn 1,547,057

Harry and Jean Huizenga 1,000,000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>
[CONFORMED COPY]

PROXY AGREEMENT

PROXY AGREEMENT, dated as of January 7, 1994, among
VIACOM INC., a Delaware corporation ("Viacom"), and each other
person and entity listed on the signature pages hereof (each, a
"Stockholder").

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof each Stockholder owns
(either beneficially or of record) the number of shares of
common stock, par value $0.10 per share ("Blockbuster Common
Stock"), of Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Blockbuster"), set forth opposite such
Stockholder's name on Exhibit A hereto (all such shares owned
by the Stockholders and any shares hereafter acquired by the
Stockholders prior to the termination of this Agreement being
referred to herein as the "Shares");

WHEREAS, Viacom and Blockbuster propose to enter into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof
(as the same may be amended from time to time, the "Merger
Agreement"), which provides, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions thereof, for the merger of Blockbuster with and into
Viacom (the "Merger"); and

WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of Viacom
to enter into the Merger Agreement, Viacom has requested that
each Stockholder agree, and, in order to induce Viacom to enter
into the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder has agreed,
severally and not jointly, to grant Viacom proxies to vote such
Stockholder's Shares;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and
of the mutual agreements and covenants set forth herein and in
the Merger Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
THE STOCKHOLDERS

Each Stockholder, severally and not jointly, hereby
represents and warrants to Viacom as follows:
<PAGE>

SECTION 1.01. Due Organization, etc. Such
Stockholder (if it is a corporation, partnership or other legal
entity) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization. Such
Stockholder has full power and authority (corporate or
otherwise) to execute and deliver this Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by
all necessary action (corporate or otherwise) on the part of
such Stockholder. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by or on behalf of such Stockholder and, assuming its
due authorization, execution and delivery by Viacom,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such
Stockholder, enforceable against such Stockholder in accordance
with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar
laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject, as to
enforceability, to the effect of general principles of equity
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law).

SECTION 1.02. Title to Shares. Such Stockholder is
the record or beneficial owner of its Shares free and clear of
any proxy or voting restriction other than pursuant to this
Agreement.

ARTICLE II

TRANSFER AND VOTING OF SHARES

SECTION 2.01. Transfer of Shares. During the Proxy
Term (as defined below), and except as otherwise provided
herein, each Stockholder shall not (a) sell, pledge (other than
Permitted Liens (as defined below)) or otherwise dispose of any
of its Shares, (b) deposit its Shares into a voting trust or
enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to
such Shares or grant any proxy with respect thereto or
(c) enter into any contract, option or other arrangement or
undertaking with respect to the direct or indirect acquisition
or sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of any
Blockbuster Common Stock. Exercise of rights or remedies
pursuant to bona fide pledges of Shares to banks or other
financial institutions ("Permitted Liens") are not restricted
by this Agreement.

SECTION 2.02. Voting of Shares; Further Assurances.
(a) Each Stockholder, by this Agreement, with respect to those
Shares that it owns of record, does hereby
<PAGE>

constitute and appoint Viacom, or any nominee of Viacom, with
full power of substitution, during and for the Proxy Term, as
its true and lawful attorney and proxy, for and in its name,
place and stead, to vote each of such Shares as its proxy, at
every annual, special or adjourned meeting of the stockholders
of Blockbuster (including the right to sign its name (as
stockholder) to any consent, certificate or other document
relating to Blockbuster that the law of the State of Delaware
may permit or require) (i) in favor of the adoption of the
Merger Agreement and approval of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) against
any proposal for any recapitalization, merger, sale of assets
or other business combination between Blockbuster and any
person or entity (other than the Merger) or any other action or
agreement that would result in a breach of any covenant,
representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
of Blockbuster under the Merger Agreement or which could result
in any of the conditions to Blockbuster's obligations under the
Merger Agreement not being fulfilled, and (iii) in favor of any
other matter relating to consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Each Stockholder further
agrees to cause the Shares owned by it beneficially to be voted
in accordance with the foregoing.

(b) For the purposes of this Agreement, "Proxy Term"
shall mean the period from the execution of this Agreement
until the termination of the Merger Agreement, and following
termination of the Merger Agreement (other than a termination
pursuant to Section 8.01(c) thereof), during such time as a
Competing Transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
exists with respect to Blockbuster; provided that in no event
shall the Proxy Term extend beyond the close of business on the
120th day following termination of the Merger Agreement.

(c) Each Stockholder shall perform such further acts
and execute such further documents and instruments as may
reasonably be required to vest in Viacom the power to carry out
the provisions of this Agreement.

ARTICLE III

GENERAL PROVISIONS

SECTION 3.01. Severability. If any term or other
provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable
<PAGE>

of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all
other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated
hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any
party. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced,
the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this
Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as
closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law in an acceptable manner to the end that the
transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent
possible.

SECTION 3.02. Entire Agreement. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes
all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral,
between the parties, or any of them, with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

SECTION 3.03. Assignment. This Agreement shall not
be assigned by operation of law or otherwise.

SECTION 3.04. Parties in Interest. This Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each
party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or
implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any person any
right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by
reason of this Agreement.

SECTION 3.05. Specific Performance. The parties
hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event
any provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance
with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to
specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any
other remedy at law or in equity.

SECTION 3.06. Governing Law. Except to the extent
that Delaware Law is mandatorily applicable to the rights of
the stockholders of Blockbuster, this Agreement shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
State of New York applicable to contracts executed and to be
performed entirely within that state.
<PAGE>

SECTION 3.07. Counterparts. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when
executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Agreement as of the date first written above.

VIACOM INC.

By /s/ Sumner M. Redstone
Name: Sumner M. Redstone
Title: Chairman of the
Board

PHILIPS ELECTRONICS N.V.

By /s/ D.G. Eustace
Name: D.G. Eustace
Title: Executive Vice
President

Groenewoudseweg 1
5621 BA
Eindhoven, The Netherlands

WESTBURY (BERMUDA) LTD.

By /s/ James Watt
Name: James Watt
Title: Vice President

Victoria Hall
11 Victoria Street
P.O. Box HM 1065
Hamilton HM EX
Bermuda
<PAGE>

/s/ John J. Melk
John J. Melk
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Donald F. Flynn
Donald F. Flynn
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ George D. Johnston, Jr.
George D. Johnston, Jr.
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Scott A. Beck
Scott A. Beck
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Harris W. Hudson
Harris W. Hudson
529 Bontana Avenue
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
<PAGE>

/s/ Bonnie J. Hudson
Bonnie J. Hudson
529 Bontana Avenue
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Peter Huizenga
Peter Huizenga
Trustee, Peter H.
Huizenga Sr.
Testamentary Trust
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Peter Huizenga
Peter Huizenga
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Peter Huizenga
Peter Huizenga
Trustee, Elizabeth I.
Huizenga Trust
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Peter Huizenga
Peter Huizenga
Trustee, Betsy
Huizenga Trust
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
<PAGE>

/s/ Peter Huizenga
Peter Huizenga
Trustee, Greta
Huizenga Trust
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Heidi Huizenga
Heidi Huizenga
Trustee, Peter
Huizenga Jr. Trust
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Heidi Huizenga
Heidi Huizenga
Trustee, Timothy
Huizenga Trust
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

/s/ Dean Buntrock
Dean Buntrock
c/o Blockbuster Entertainment
Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT A

List of Stockholders

Number of Shares of
Blockbuster Common Stock Owned
Name of Stockholder Beneficially and of Record

Philips Electronics N.V. 17,245,211

Westbury (Bermuda) Ltd. 1,400,000

John J. Melk 4,771,969

Donald F. Flynn 4,398,119

George D. Johnston, Jr. 2,827,465

Scott A. Beck 3,290,819

Harris W. Hudson and
Bonnie J. Hudson 600,000

Peter Huizenga, as trustee
for Peter H. Huizenga
Sr. Testamentary Trust 1,761,296

Peter Huizenga 421,430

Peter Huizenga, as trustee
for Elizabeth I.
Huizenga Trust 50,000

Peter Huizenga, as trustee
for Betsy Huizenga
Trust 20,800

Peter Huizenga, as trustee
for Greta Huizenga
Trust 20,800
<PAGE>

Heidi Huizenga, as trustee
for Peter Huizenga
Jr. Trust 20,800

Heidi Huizenga, as trustee
for Timothy Huizenga
Trust 20,800

Dean Buntrock 4,000,000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>
[CONFORMED COPY]

VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of January 7, 1994 (this
"Agreement"), between NATIONAL AMUSEMENTS, INC., a Maryland
corporation (the "Stockholder"), and BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Blockbuster").

WHEREAS, Viacom Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Viacom"), and Blockbuster propose to enter into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (the "Merger
Agreement"), which provides, among other things, that
Blockbuster will merge with Viacom pursuant to the merger
contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the "Merger");

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Stockholder owns
(i) 45,547,214 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $.01
per share, of Viacom ("Viacom Class A Common Stock") and
(ii) 46,565,414 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $.01
per share, of Viacom ("Viacom Class B Common Stock"; together
with the Viacom Class A Common Stock, the "Viacom Common
Stock"); and

WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of
Blockbuster to enter into the Merger Agreement, Blockbuster has
required that the Stockholder agree, and in order to induce
Blockbuster to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Stockholder
has agreed, to enter into this Agreement with respect to all
the shares of Viacom Class A Common Stock now owned and which
may hereafter be acquired by the Stockholder (the "Shares").

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and
the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto hereby
agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

VOTING OF SHARES

SECTION 1.01. Voting Agreement. The Stockholder
hereby agrees that during the time this Agreement is in effect,
at any meeting of the stockholders of Viacom, however called,
and in any action by consent of the stockholders of Viacom, the
Stockholder shall vote the Shares: (a) in favor of the Merger,
the Merger Agreement (as amended from time to time) and the
transactions contemplated by the Merger

2

<PAGE>

Agreement, including, but not limited to, the amendments to the
Certificate of Incorporation of Viacom contemplated thereby,
and (b) against any proposal for any recapitalization, merger,
sale of assets or other business combination between Viacom and
any person or entity (other than the Merger) or any other
action or agreement that would result in a breach of any
covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or
agreement of Viacom under the Merger Agreement or which could
result in any of the conditions to Viacom's obligations under
the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled. The Stockholder
acknowledges receipt and review of a copy of the Merger
Agreement.

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE STOCKHOLDER

The Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to
Blockbuster as follows:

SECTION 2.01. Authority Relative to This Agreement.
The Stockholder has all necessary power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations
hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Stockholder and the consummation by the Stockholder of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly
authorized by the Board of Directors of the Stockholder, and no
other corporate proceedings on the part of the Stockholder are
necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate such
transactions. This Agreement has been duly and validly
executed and delivered by the Stockholder and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by Blockbuster,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Stockholder, enforceable against the Stockholder in accordance
with its terms.

SECTION 2.02. No Conflict. (a) The execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Stockholder do not, and the
performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder shall not, (i)
conflict with or violate the Certificate of Incorporation or
By-laws or equivalent organizational documents of the
Stockholder, (ii) conflict with or violate any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the
Stockholder or by which the Shares are bound or affected or
(iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a
default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the

3

<PAGE>

Shares pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other
instrument or obligation to which the Stockholder is a party or
by which the Stockholder or the Shares are bound or affected,
except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), for any such
conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences
which would not prevent or delay the performance by the
Stockholder of its obligations under this Agreement.

(b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by
the Stockholder do not, and the performance of this Agreement
by the Stockholder shall not, require any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to,
any Governmental Entity (as such term is defined in the Merger
Agreement) except for applicable requirements, if any, of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and except where
the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations
or permits, or to make such filings or notifications, would not
prevent or delay the performance by the Stockholder of its
obligations under this Agreement.

SECTION 2.03. Title to the Shares. As of the date
hereof, the Stockholder is the record and beneficial owner of
45,547,214 shares of Viacom Class A Common Stock. Other than
46,565,414 shares of Viacom Class B Common Stock of which the
Stockholder is the record and beneficial owner, such Shares are
all the securities of Viacom owned, either of record or
beneficially, by the Stockholder. The Shares are owned free
and clear of all security interests, liens, claims, pledges,
options, rights of first refusal, agreements, limitations on
the Stockholder's voting rights, charges and other encumbrances
of any nature whatsoever. The Stockholder has not appointed or
granted any proxy, which appointment or grant is still
effective, with respect to the Shares.

ARTICLE III

COVENANTS OF THE STOCKHOLDER

SECTION 3.01. No Inconsistent Agreements. The
Stockholder hereby covenants and agrees that, except as
contemplated by this Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the
Voting Agreement, dated as of September 12, 1993, as amended,
between the Stockholder and Paramount Communications Inc., the
Stockholder shall not enter into any voting agreement or grant a
proxy or power of attorney with respect to the Shares which is
inconsistent with this Agreement.

SECTION 3.02. Transfer of Title. The
Stockholder hereby covenants and agrees that the Stockholder
shall not

4

<PAGE>

transfer record or beneficial ownership of any of the Shares
unless the transferee agrees in writing to be bound by the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

ARTICLE IV

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 4.01. Termination. This Agreement shall
terminate upon the termination of the Merger Agreement.

SECTION 4.02. Specific Performance. The parties
hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event
any provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance
with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to
specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any
other remedy at law or in equity.

SECTION 4.03. Entire Agreement. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between Blockbuster and the
Stockholder with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both
written and oral, between Blockbuster and the Stockholder with
respect to the subject matter hereof.

SECTION 4.04. Amendment. This Agreement may not be
amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the
parties hereto.

SECTION 4.05. Severability. If any term or other
provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other
conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or
legal substance of this Agreement is not affected in any manner
materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that
any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable or
being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good
faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original
intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law in a mutually acceptable
manner in order that the terms of this Agreement remain as
originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

SECTION 4.06. Governing Law. Except to the extent
that the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is
mandatorily applicable to the rights of the stockholders of
Viacom, this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in

5

<PAGE>

accordance with, the laws of the State of New York regardless
of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable
principles of conflicts of law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Stockholder and Blockbuster
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the date
hereof.

NATIONAL AMUSEMENTS, INC.

By /s/ Sumner M. Redstone
Name: Sumner M. Redstone
Title: Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief
Executive Officer

BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

By /s/ H. Wayne Huizenga
Name: H. Wayne Huizenga
Title: Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive
Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>
VIACOM INC.
1515 Broadway
New York, New York 10036

January 7, 1994

Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301

Dear Sirs:

1. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Purchaser"), hereby subscribes for, and
agrees to purchase, and Viacom Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), agrees to issue and sell, 22,727,273 shares
(the "Shares") of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of the Company ("Class B Common Stock"), for an
aggregate purchase price of $1,250,000,015, representing a
purchase price of $55.00 per Share.

2. (a) The closing (the "Closing") of the purchase
provided for in paragraph 1 shall take place at a date and time
specified by the Company by written notice delivered to the
Purchaser no less than two Business Days (as defined below)
prior to such date, and following satisfaction of the
conditions specified in paragraph 5, at the offices of Shearman
& Sterling, 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York. The date
and time of the Closing are referred to herein as the "Closing
Date".

(b) At the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to
the Company $1,250,000,015 in cash by wire transfer in
immediately available funds to an account of the Company
designated by the Company, by notice to the Purchaser prior to
the Closing Date, and the Company shall deliver to the
Purchaser certificates representing the Shares, registered in
the name of the Purchaser.

3. (a) The Purchaser represents and warrants to the
Company that: (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Purchaser and the performance of its

<PAGE>

obligations hereunder have been duly and validly authorized by
all necessary corporate action on the part of the Purchaser;
(ii) this Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by the Purchaser and, assuming the due authorization,
execution and delivery by the Company, constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable
against the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as
enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other
similar laws relating to or affecting enforcement of creditors'
rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject
to general principles of equity (regardless of whether
enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);
(iii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
by the Purchaser and the purchase of the Shares by the
Purchaser do not conflict with or violate or result in any
breach of or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under
the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or equivalent
organizational documents of the Purchaser; (iv) the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Purchaser do
not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby by the Purchaser will not, require any consent,
approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or
notification to, any governmental authority with respect to the
Purchaser, except under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "1934 Act"); (v) the Purchaser is acquiring the
Shares for its own account for the purpose of investment and
not with a view to or for sale in connection with any
distribution thereof; and (vi) the Purchaser is an "accredited
investor" within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act").

(b) Except as set forth in this paragraph 3, the
Purchaser makes no other representation, express or implied, to
the Company.

4. (a) The Company represents and warrants to the
Purchaser that (i) each of the Company and each Subsidiary (as
defined below) is a corporation, partnership or other legal
entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
organization and has the requisite power and authority and all
necessary governmental approvals to own, lease and operate its
properties and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted, except where the failure to be so organized,
existing or in good standing or to have such power, authority
and governmental approvals would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse

<PAGE>

Effect (as defined below); (ii) the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Company and the issuance of the Shares in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement have been duly and
validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of the Company; (iii) this Agreement has been duly and
validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the
due authorization, execution and delivery by the Purchaser,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and except as
enforcement thereof is subject to general principles of equity
(regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law); (iv) the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement by the Company do not, and
the issuance of the Shares and the performance of the Company's
obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement will
not, conflict with or violate or result in any breach of or
constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under (A) the Certificate
of Incorporation or By-Laws or equivalent organizational
documents of the Company or any Subsidiary, (B) any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company
or any Subsidiary, or (C) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other
instrument or obligation to which the Company or any Subsidiary
is a party or by which the Company or any Subsidiary or any
property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or
affected, except in the case of subclauses (B) and (C) above,
for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other
occurrences which would not prevent or delay the issuance of
the Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in
any material respect, or otherwise prevent the Company from
performing its obligations under this Agreement in any material
respect, or which would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect; (v) the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by the Company do not, and the
performance of this Agreement by the Company will not, require
any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing
with or notification to, any governmental authority with
respect to the Company, except for (A) any filings required to
effect the registration of the Shares pursuant to paragraph 8
and any filings pursuant to federal and state securities laws
which will be timely made after the Closing hereunder and
(B) any filings required under the 1934 Act; (vi) the Shares
have been duly authorized and, upon issuance

<PAGE>

at the Closing, will be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, and free and clear of all security interests,
liens, claims, encumbrances, pledges, options and charges of
any nature whatsoever, and the issuance of the Shares will not
be subject to preemptive rights of any other stockholder of the
Company; (vii) the authorized capital stock of the Company
consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share ("Class A Common Stock"), 150,000,000
shares of Class B Common Stock and 100,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Company Preferred
Stock"); (viii) as of November 30, 1993, (A) 53,449,125 shares
of Class A Common Stock and 67,345,982 shares of Class B Common
Stock were issued and outstanding, all of which were validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (B) no shares were held
in the treasury of the Company, (C) no shares were held by the
Subsidiaries, (D) 224,610 shares of Class A Common Stock and
3,760,297 shares of Class B Common Stock were reserved for
future issuance pursuant to employee stock options or stock
incentive rights granted pursuant to the Company's 1989
Long-Term Management Incentive Plan and the Company's Stock
Option Plan for Outside Directors, and (E) 25,711,200 shares of
Class B Common Stock were reserved for future issuance upon
conversion of the Company's Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Series A Preferred Stock"),
and the Company's Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par
value $0.01 per share ("Series B Preferred Stock"); (ix) as of
the date hereof, 48,000,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock
are issued and outstanding, consisting of 24,000,000 shares of
Series A Preferred Stock and 24,000,000 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, and there are no agreements, arrangements or
understandings with respect to the issuance of any other shares
of Company Preferred Stock, except for Preferred Stock proposed
to be issued in the Paramount Transaction (as defined below);
(x) the Company has filed all forms, reports and documents
required to be filed by it with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "Commission") since December 31, 1990, and has
heretofore made available to the Purchaser, in the form filed
with the Commission (excluding any exhibits thereto), (A) its
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December
31, 1990, 1991 and 1992, respectively, (B) its Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 1993,
June 30, 1993 and September 30, 1993, (C) all proxy statements
relating to the Company's meetings of stockholders (whether
annual or special) held since January 1, 1991 and (D) all other
forms, reports and other registration statements (other than
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q not referred to in clause (B)
above and preliminary materials) filed by the Company with the
Commission since

<PAGE>

December 31, 1990 (the forms, reports and other documents
referred to in clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D) above being
referred to herein, collectively, as the "SEC Reports"); (xi)
the SEC Reports and any other forms, reports and other
documents filed by the Company with the Commission after the
date of this Agreement (A) were or will be prepared in
accordance with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934
Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations
thereunder and (B) did not at the time they were filed, or will
not at the time they are filed, contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading; (xii) the consolidated
financial statements (including, in each case, any notes
thereto) contained in the SEC Reports were prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and each
fairly presented the consolidated financial position, results
of operations and cash flows of the Company and its
consolidated subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof
and for the respective periods indicated therein (subject, in
the case of unaudited statements, to normal and recurring
year-end adjustments which were not and are not expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to be material in amount);
(xiii) since December 31, 1992 there has not been any change,
occurrence or circumstance in the business, results of
operations or financial condition of the Company or any
Subsidiary having, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect, other than changes, occurrences and
circumstances referred to in any SEC Reports filed prior to the
date of this Agreement; (xiv) there is no claim, action,
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the best knowledge
of the Company, threatened by any public official or
governmental authority, against the Company or any Subsidiary,
or any of their respective property or assets before any court,
arbitrator or administrative, governmental or regulatory
authority or body, which challenges the validity of this
Agreement or the Shares or any action taken or to be taken
pursuant hereto or, except as set forth in the SEC Reports,
which is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
and (xv) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in conflict
with, or in default or violation of, (A) any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company
or any Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of the
Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (B) any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease,
license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation

<PAGE>

to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which
the Company or any Subsidiary or any property or asset of the
Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, except for any
such conflicts, defaults or violations that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(b) Except as set forth in this paragraph 4, the
Company makes no representation, express or implied, to the
Purchaser.

(c) "Subsidiary" means a "significant subsidiary" of
the Company, as such term is defined in Regulation S-X
promulgated under the 1933 Act.

(d) The term "Material Adverse Effect" means any
change or effect that is or would be materially adverse to the
business, results of operations or financial condition of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
paragraph 4, any change to or effect on the business, results
of operations or financial condition of the Company and its
Subsidiaries that results, directly or indirectly, from the
Company's tender offer for shares of common stock of and
proposed merger with Paramount Communications Inc. (the
"Paramount Transaction"), shall not be considered for purposes
of determining whether a breach has occurred of any
representation or warranty, covenant or agreement of the
Company contained herein.

5. (a) The obligation of the Purchaser to
consummate the Closing is subject to the satisfaction (or
waiver by the Purchaser, at its sole discretion) of the
following conditions:

(i) (A) the Company shall have performed in all
material respects all of its obligations hereunder required
to be performed by it at or prior to the Closing Date, (B)
the representations and warranties of the Company contained
in this Agreement and in the Agreement and Plan of Merger
dated as of the date hereof between the Purchaser and the
Company (the "Merger Agreement") shall be true in all
material respects (other than those contained in Paragraph
4(a)(xiii) of this Agreement, which shall be true in all
respects) as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of
such date (except for any such representations and
warranties that are expressly stated to be as of a
different date), (C) the Company shall not be in material
breach of any of its material

<PAGE>

obligations under the Merger Agreement as of the Closing
Date and (D) the Purchaser shall have received a
certificate signed by an executive officer of the Company
to the foregoing effect;

(ii) no judgment, injunction, order or decree shall
materially restrict, prevent or prohibit the consummation
of the Closing;

(iii) the Purchaser shall have received an opinion of
Shearman & Sterling, dated the Closing Date, substantially
in the form of Exhibit A hereto; and

(iv) the Company shall have accepted for payment at
least 50.1% of the outstanding shares of common stock of
Paramount Communications Inc. pursuant to its tender offer
therefor.

(b) The obligation of the Company to consummate the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the
Company, at its sole discretion) of the following conditions:

(i) (A) the Purchaser shall have performed in all
material respects all of its obligations hereunder required
to be performed by it at or prior to the Closing Date, (B)
the representations and warranties of the Purchaser
contained in this Agreement shall be true in all material
respects at and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and
as of such date (except for any such representations and
warranties that are expressly stated to be as of a
different date) and (C) the Company shall have received a
certificate signed by an executive officer of the Purchaser
to the foregoing effect;

(ii) no judgment, injunction, order or decree shall
materially restrict, prevent or prohibit the consummation
of the Closing;

(iii) the Company shall have received an opinion of
Thomas W. Hawkins, General Counsel of the Purchaser, dated
the Closing Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit B
hereto;

(iv) the Company shall have received an opinion of
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, dated the Closing
Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto; and

(v) the Company shall have accepted for payment at
least 50.1% of the outstanding shares of common stock of
Paramount Communications Inc. pursuant to its tender offer
therefor.

<PAGE>

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, if the Company shall accept shares of common stock
of Paramount Communications Inc. for payment pursuant to its
tender offer therefor but following the Closing shall not
purchase such shares in accordance with the terms of such
offer, then the Purchaser may return the Shares to the Company,
by delivering to the Company the certificates representing the
Shares, duly endorsed in blank, or accompanied by stock powers
duly executed in blank, whereupon the Company shall return the
purchase price therefor, by wire transfer in immediately
available funds to an account of the Purchaser designated by
the Purchaser by notice to the Company.

6. (a) The Purchaser acknowledges that the Shares
have not been registered under the 1933 Act or any state
securities law, and hereby agrees not to offer, sell or
otherwise transfer, pledge or hypothecate such Shares unless
and until registered under the 1933 Act and any applicable
state securities law or unless, in the opinion of counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, such offer, sale,
transfer, pledge or hypothecation is exempt from registration
or is otherwise in compliance with the 1933 Act and such laws.

(b) Upon issuance of the Shares, and until such time
as the same is no longer required under the applicable
requirements of the 1933 Act, the certificates evidencing the
Shares (and all securities issued in exchange therefor or
substitution thereof) shall bear the following legend:

THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE "ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE
OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR
HYPOTHECATED UNLESS AND UNTIL REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT AND
ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS, IN THE
OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER,
IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE
ISSUER, SUCH OFFER, SALE, TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION
IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION OR IS OTHERWISE IN COMPLIANCE
WITH THE ACT AND SUCH LAWS.

7. In addition to the provisions of paragraph 6, the
Purchaser agrees that prior to the earlier of the termination
of the Merger Agreement and September 30, 1994 it shall not
offer, sell, transfer, pledge or hypothecate any of the Shares,
except that the Shares may be pledged in connection with the
financing of the purchase price specified in paragraph 2,
subject to the same restrictions on alienation applicable to
the Purchaser hereunder.

<PAGE>

8. Following the Closing, the Purchaser shall have
the registration rights, and the Company shall have the
obligations, set forth in Annex I. Such registration rights
shall be assignable by the Purchaser to any party purchasing
Shares directly from the Purchaser, but shall not be further
assignable by such subsequent purchaser or purchasers.

9. (a) The representations and warranties contained
in this Agreement shall survive the Closing until the first
anniversary of the Closing Date.

(b) The Purchaser and its Affiliates, officers,
directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Company for any and all
liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs and expenses,
interest, awards, judgments and penalties (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) (a "Loss")
actually suffered or incurred by them, arising out of or
resulting from the breach of any representation or warranty or
covenant of the Company contained in this Agreement.

(c) The Company and its Affiliates, officers,
directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Purchaser for any and all
Losses actually suffered or incurred by them, arising out of or
resulting from the breach of any representation or warranty or
covenant of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement.

10. (a) The Purchaser agrees that neither the
Purchaser nor any of its Affiliates shall participate in any
transaction that, directly or indirectly, would have the effect
of precluding or competing with the Paramount Transaction.

(b) The Company agrees that it shall not make any
material change in the aggregate amount or forms of
consideration to be paid in, or in any other material terms and
conditions of, the Paramount Transaction from the aggregate
amount and forms of consideration described in the amendment to
be filed on the date hereof to the Company's Tender Offer
Statement on Schedule 14D-1, without the prior consent of the
Purchaser, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c) The Company agrees that prior to consummation of
the Paramount Transaction, the Company shall receive an opinion
from Smith Barney Shearson Inc. that the consideration actually
to be paid by the Company in such

<PAGE>

transaction is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
Company and the stockholders of the Company, which opinion
shall not have been withdrawn at the time the Company accepts
shares of common stock of Paramount Communications Inc. for
payment pursuant to its tender offer therefor.

11. The Purchaser, on the one hand, and the Company,
on the other, acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this
Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific
terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed
that the parties shall be entitled to equitable relief
(including injunction and specific performance) in any action
instituted in any court of the United States or any state
thereof having subject matter jurisdiction, as a remedy for any
such breach or to prevent any breach of this Agreement. Such
remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a
breach or anticipatory breach of this Agreement, but shall be
in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity to
the parties hereto. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
the parties hereto irrevocably submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the
United States of America located in the State of New York for
any suits, actions or proceedings arising out of or relating to
this Agreement.

12. This Agreement, its Annexes and Exhibits contain
the entire understandings of the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof, thereby superseding all prior agreements
of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof (other
than the Confidentiality Agreement entered into between the
Purchaser and Viacom International Inc. dated July 1, 1993),
and may not be amended except by a writing signed by the
parties. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement
is not assignable by any of the parties; provided that the
Purchaser may assign its rights and obligations under this
Agreement to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser, so
long as the Purchaser shall remain liable for all financial and
performance obligations of the Purchaser hereunder. This
Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of,
the respective successors of the parties. This Agreement may
be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together will constitute one and the
same instrument.

13. Any notices and other communications required to
be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be given by delivery by hand, by mail (registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested) or
by facsimile transmission or telex, as follows:

<PAGE>

If to the Company:

Viacom Inc.
1515 Broadway
New York, New York 10036
Attention: Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and
Secretary
Facsimile No.: 212-258-6134

With a copy to:

Shearman & Sterling
599 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10022
Attention: Stephen R. Volk
Facsimile No.: 212-848-7179

If to the Purchaser:

Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation
One Blockbuster Plaza
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
Attention: Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary
Facsimile No.: 305-832-3929

With a copy to:

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom
919 Third Avenue
New York, New York 10022
Attention: Roger S. Aaron
Facsimile No.: 212-735-2000

or to such other addresses as either the Company or the
Purchaser shall designate to the other by notice in writing.

14. For purposes of this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) "Affiliate" shall mean any Person that (i)
directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with,
the Person specified or (ii) is (A) the specified Person's
spouse, parent, child, brother or sister or any issue of the
foregoing (for purposes of the definition of Affiliate, issue
shall include Persons legally adopted into the line of
descent), (B) any corporation or organization of which the
Person specified or such specified Person's spouse,

<PAGE>

parent, child, brother or sister or any issue of the foregoing
is an officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the
beneficial owner of ten percent or more of any class of voting
stock, and (C) any trust or other estate in which the specified
Person or such specified Person's spouse, parent, child,
brother or sister or any issue of the foregoing serves as
trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity and (D) the heirs or
legatees of the specified Person by will or under the laws of
descent and distribution.

(b) "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in
the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or
executive order to close.

(c) "Person" shall mean any individual, partnership,
joint venture, corporation, trust, incorporated organization,
government or department or agency of a government, or any
entity that would be deemed to be a "person" under Section
13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act.

15. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, each of the parties hereby agrees to use all
reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action
and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
advisable under applicable laws, rules and regulations to
consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, including using its best efforts to make all
necessary filings and to obtain all necessary waivers, consents
and approvals. In case at any time after the execution of this
Agreement, further action is necessary or desirable to carry
out the purposes of this Agreement, the proper officers and
directors of each of the parties shall take all such necessary
action.

16. The parties agree to consult with each other
before taking any action that would require the issuance of, or
issuing, any press release or making any public statement with
respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby and, except as may be required by applicable law or any
listing agreement with any securities exchange, will not take
any such action, issue any such press release or make any such
public statement prior to such consultation.

17. (a) In the event that the Merger Agreement is
terminated, other than pursuant to Section 8.01(b) thereof, the
Company shall satisfy, upon the written request of the
Purchaser and as provided in paragraph 17(c), any Make-Whole
Amount (as defined below) within 20 Business Days (or with

<PAGE>

respect to the Asset Purchase Transaction, such period of time
as is consistent with the terms of Annex II) following the
first anniversary (the "First Anniversary") of the date of
termination (the "Termination Date") of the Merger Agreement.

(b) For the purposes of this paragraph 17, the
following terms shall have the following meanings:

(i) "Measurement Period" shall mean the period commencing
on the first day after the Termination Date and ending on
the First Anniversary; provided that such period shall be
extended by the number of days occurring after the
Termination Date and prior to the First Anniversary during
which Shares both (a) are registered under the 1933 Act
pursuant to the rights granted in Annex I and (b) are
unsold.

(ii) "Class B Trading Price" shall mean the highest Class B
Trading Average that occurs within the Measurement Period
for any consecutive 30 trading day period occurring within
the Measurement Period.

(iii) "Class B Trading Average" shall mean with respect to
any consecutive 30 trading day period the average of the
closing prices for the Class B Common Stock for the trading
days in such period on the American Stock Exchange, or if
the American Stock Exchange is not the exchange on which
the Class B Common Stock is then principally traded.

(iv) "Make-Whole Amount" shall mean the amount, if any,
that is the sum of (A) 50% of the aggregate of (1) the
number of Shares Beneficially Owned by the Purchaser (and
not subject to contracts of sale) on the First Anniversary
and (2) the Sold Shares multiplied by the difference between
$55 and the Class B Trading Price, up to, but in no event
exceeding for the purpose of such calculation, a difference
of $4.40 and (B) 50% of the aggregate of (1) the number of
Shares Beneficially Owned by the Purchaser (and not subject
to contracts of sale) on the First Anniversary and (2) the
Sold Shares multiplied by the difference between $55 and
the Class B Trading Price, up to, but in no event exceeding
for the purpose of such calculation, a difference of
$19.80.

(v) "Marketable Security" shall mean any debt or equity
security, or a combination of debt and equity securities,
issued by the Company with such terms, as agreed by
SmithBarney Shearson Inc. on behalf of the Company and by

<PAGE>

Merrill Lynch & Co. on behalf of the Purchaser, as would
cause such security to trade on a fully distributed basis
after the date of its issuance at the value attributed to
such security in satisfying the Make-Whole Amount as
provided in paragraph 17(c) below. If Smith Barney
Shearson Inc. and Merrill Lynch & Co. are unable to agree
on such terms within 10 Business Days after the First
Anniversary, the Purchaser shall select one investment bank
from a list of at least five investment banks of national
standing supplied to the Purchaser by the Company, which
investment bank shall, not later than 5 Business Days after
its selection resolve, in its sole judgment, any such
disagreements with respect to such terms. The
determination by such investment bank shall be final,
binding and conclusive on the Company and the Purchaser,
and the fees and expenses of such investment bank shall be
borne equally by the Company and the Purchaser.

(v) "Sold Shares" shall mean up to the first 4,547,454
Shares, and only up to the first 4,547,454 Shares, of any
Shares sold by the Purchaser after the Termination Date and
prior to the First Anniversary; provided that Sold Shares
shall not include any of such Shares sold by the Purchaser
for gross proceeds equal to or greater than $55 per Share.

(vi) "Asset Purchase Transaction" shall mean the
transaction with the material terms described in Annex II.

(c) The Company shall be entitled to satisfy its
obligation with respect to the Make-Whole Amount, at the option
of the Company through written notice to the Purchaser no later
than 5 Business Days following the First Anniversary, by any
of the following means:

(i) Delivery to the Purchaser of cash in an amount equal
to the Make-Whole Amount by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account specified by the Purchaser;
or

(ii) Delivery to the Purchaser of Marketable Securities
with an aggregate value (determined as specified above)
equal to the Make-Whole Amount; or
(iii) Delivery to the Purchaser of a combination of cash
and Marketable Securities with an aggregate value equal to
the Make-Whole Amount; or

(iv) Consummation of the Asset Purchase Transaction;

<PAGE>

provided that in the event the Company has given notice to the
Purchaser as provided above of its intent to satisfy all or a
portion of the Make-Whole Amount with Marketable Securities and
the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the terms
of the Marketable Securities are unacceptable to the Company,
the Company shall be entitled to satisfy the Make-Whole Amount
through any of the other means specified above in lieu of using
Marketable Securities.

<PAGE>

18. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable
to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within
that state.

Very truly yours,

VIACOM INC.

By: /s/ Sumner M. Redstone
------------------------

Accepted and agreed on
the date written above:

BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

By: /s/ H. Wayne Huizenga
-----------------------

<PAGE>

ANNEX I

Registration Rights

(a) From time to time after the earlier of the
termination of the Merger Agreement and September 30, 1994, the
Purchaser shall have the right to make six requests of the
Company in writing: with respect to the first such request to
register under the 1933 Act at least $100 million in market
value of the Shares beneficially owned by the Purchaser (the
Shares subject to any such request hereunder being referred to
as the "Subject Stock"), and with each subsequent such request
being at least 6 months following such prior request which
resulted in a registration statement with respect to the
Subject Stock which was effective until the earlier of the
completion of the offering of such Subject Stock or three
months. The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to cause
the Subject Stock to be registered under the 1933 Act as soon
as reasonably practicable after receipt of a request so as to
permit promptly the sale thereof, and in connection therewith,
the Company shall prepare and file, on such appropriate form as
the Company in its discretion shall determine, a registration
statement under the 1933 Act to effect such registration. The
Company shall use all reasonable efforts to list all Subject
Stock covered by such registration statement on any national
securities exchange on which the Class B Common Stock is then
listed or, if such listing cannot be made, to list such Subject
Stock on the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation System or National Market System. The
Purchaser hereby undertakes to provide all such information and
materials and take all such action as may be required in order
to permit the Company to comply with all applicable
requirements of the Commission and to obtain any desired
acceleration of the effective date of such registration
statement. Any registration statement filed at the Purchaser's
request hereunder will not count as a requested registration
(i) unless effectiveness is maintained until the earlier of
completion of the offering and three months or (ii) if the
Purchaser is required to reduce the number of Shares as to
which registration was requested hereunder as a result of the
inclusion in such registration of securities of a third party
without the consent of the Purchaser. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company (i) shall not be obligated to cause any
special audit to be undertaken in connection with any such
registration (provided that this provision shall not relieve
the Company of its obligation to obtain any required consents
with respect to financial statements in prior periods) and
(ii) shall be entitled to postpone for a reasonable period of
time (not to exceed 180 days) the filing of any registration
statement otherwise

2

<PAGE>

required to be prepared and filed by the Company if the Company
is, at such time, either (A) conducting or in active
preparation to conduct an underwritten public offering of
equity securities (or securities convertible into equity
securities) or is subject to a contractual obligation not to
engage in a public offering and is advised in writing by its
managing underwriter or underwriters (with a copy to the
Purchaser) that such offering would in its or their opinion be
adversely affected by the registration so requested or (B)
subject to an existing contractual obligation to its
underwriters not to engage in a public offering; provided,
however, that the Company may not exercise such right to
postpone the filing of a registration statement for more than
180 days in any 365-day period.

The Purchaser may use one or more of the registration
requests to which it is entitled pursuant to the preceding
paragraph to require the Company to register Shares on a
registration statement also covering securities of the
Purchaser convertible into or exchangeable for Shares and may
assume primary responsibility for the preparation of such
registration statement. In such event, in which each of the
Company and the Purchaser shall be registrants of securities
registered, in addition to the indemnification provided herein,
the Company shall be entitled to receive indemnifications from
the Purchaser consistent with the indemnifications provided
herein to be granted by the Company to the Purchaser and the
Purchaser shall reimburse the Company for one half of any fees,
expenses and disbursements referred to in the second sentence
of paragraph (c) below for which the Company is otherwise
responsible.

At any time after the earlier of the termination of
the Merger Agreement and September 30, 1994, if the Company
proposes to file a registration statement under the 1933 Act
with respect to an offering of shares of its equity securities
(i) for its own account (other than a registration statement on
Form S-4 or S-8 (or any substitute form that may be adopted by
the Commission)) or (ii) for the account of any holders of its
securities (including any pursuant to a demand registration),
then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed
filing to the Purchaser as soon as practicable (but in any
event not less than 5 Business Days before the anticipated
filing date), and such notice shall offer the Purchaser the
opportunity to register such number of Shares as the Purchaser
requests. If the Purchaser wishes to register Shares, such
registration shall be on the same terms and conditions as the
registration of the Company's or such holders' shares of Class B
Common Stock (a "Piggyback Registration"). Notwithstanding
anything contained herein,

3
<PAGE>

if the lead underwriter of an offering involving a Piggyback
Registration delivers a written opinion to the Company that the
success of such offering would be materially and adversely
affected by inclusion of all the securities requested to be
included, then the number of securities to be registered by
each party requesting registration rights shall be reduced in
proportion to the number of securities originally requested to
be registered by each of them. Nothing contained herein shall
require the Company to reduce the number of shares proposed to
be issued by the Company.

Other than as required by contractual obligations of
the Company existing on the date of this Agreement, no
securities may be registered on a registration statement
requested by the Purchaser under this Agreement without the
Purchaser's express written consent. The Company agrees that
following the date of this Agreement it shall not grant to any
person any rights to compel inclusion of securities in any
registration statement requested by the Purchaser under this
Agreement without the Purchaser's express written consent.

(b) In connection with any offering of shares of
Subject Stock registered pursuant to this Annex I, the Company
(i) shall furnish to the Purchaser such number of copies of any
prospectus (including any preliminary prospectus) as it may
reasonably request in order to effect the offering and sale of
the Subject Stock to be offered and sold, but only while the
Company shall be required under the provisions hereof to cause
the registration statement to remain current and (ii) take such
action as shall be necessary to qualify the shares covered by
such registration statement under such "blue sky" or other
state securities laws for offer and sale as the Purchaser shall
request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be
obligated to qualify as a foreign corporation to do business
under the laws of any jurisdiction in which it shall not then
be qualified or to file any general consent to service of
process in any jurisdiction in which such a consent has not
been previously filed. If applicable, the Company shall enter
into an underwriting agreement with a managing underwriter or
underwriters selected by the Purchaser (reasonably satisfactory
to the Company) containing representations, warranties,
indemnities and agreements then customarily included by an
issuer in underwriting agreements with respect to secondary
distributions; provided, however, that such underwriter or
underwriters shall agree to use their best efforts to ensure
that the offering results in a distribution of the Subject
Stock sold in accordance with the terms of the agreement. In
connection with any offering of

4

<PAGE>

Subject Stock registered pursuant to this Annex I, the Company
shall (x) furnish to the underwriter, at the Company's expense,
unlegended certificates representing ownership of the Subject
Stock being sold in such denominations as requested and (y)
instruct any transfer agent and registrar of the Subject Stock
to release any stop transfer orders with respect to such
Subject Stock. Upon any registration becoming effective
pursuant to this Annex I, the Company shall use all reasonable
efforts to keep such registration statement current for such
period as shall be required for the disposition of all of said
Subject Stock; provided, however, that such period need not
exceed three months.

(c) The Purchaser shall pay all underwriting
discounts and commissions related to shares of Subject Stock
being sold by the Purchaser. The Company shall pay all other
fees and expenses in connection with any registration
statement, including, without limitation, all registration and
filing fees, all fees and expenses of complying with securities
or "blue sky" laws, fees and disbursements of the Company's
counsel, the counsel of the Purchaser, accountants (including
the expenses of "cold comfort" letters required by or incident
to such performance and compliance) and any fees and
disbursements of underwriters customarily paid by issuers in
secondary offerings.

(d) In the case of any offering registered pursuant
to this Annex I, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold the
Purchaser, each underwriter of Shares under such registration
and each person who controls any of the foregoing within the
meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act and the directors and
officers of the Purchaser, harmless against any and all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or actions to which they or any of
them may become subject under the 1933 Act or any other statute
or common law or otherwise, and to reimburse them for any legal
or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection
with investigating any claims and defending any actions,
insofar as any such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
actions shall arise out of or shall be based upon (i) any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in the registration statement relating to the sale of
such Subject Stock, or the omission or alleged omission to
state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or
(ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus (as
amended or supplemented if the Company shall have filed with
the Commission any amendment

5

<PAGE>

thereof or supplement thereto), if used prior to the effective
date of such registration statement, or contained in the
prospectus (as amended or supplemented if the Company shall
have filed with the Commission any amendment thereof or
supplement thereto), or the omission or alleged omission to
state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the
indemnification agreement contained in this paragraph (d) shall
not apply to such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
actions which shall arise from the sale of Subject Stock by the
Purchaser if such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
actions shall arise out of or shall be based upon any such
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement, or any such
omission or alleged omission, if such statement or omission
shall have been (x) made in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished in writing to the Company by the
Purchaser or any such underwriter specifically for use in
connection with the preparation of the registration statement
or any preliminary prospectus or prospectus contained in the
registration statement or any such amendment thereof or
supplement thereto or (y) made in any preliminary prospectus,
and the prospectus contained in the registration statement in
the form filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to
Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act shall have corrected such
statement or omission and a copy of such prospectus shall not
have been sent or given to such person at or prior to the
confirmation of such sale to him.

(e) In the case of each offering registered pursuant
to this Annex I, the Purchaser and each underwriter
participating therein shall agree, in the same manner and to
the same extent as set forth in paragraph (d) of this Annex I
severally to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and each
person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of
Section 15 of the 1933 Act, and the directors and officers of
the Company, and in the case of each such underwriter, the
Purchaser, each person, if any, who controls the Purchaser
within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act and the
directors, officers and partners of the Purchaser, with respect
to any statement in or omission from such registration
statement or any preliminary prospectus (as amended or as
supplemented, if amended or supplemented as aforesaid) or
prospectus contained in such registration statement (as amended
or as supplemented, if amended or supplemented as aforesaid),
if such statement or omission shall have been made in reliance
upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to
the Company by the Purchaser or such underwriter specifically
for use in connection with the preparation of such registration

6

<PAGE>

statement or any preliminary prospectus or prospectus contained
in such registration statement or any such amendment thereof or
supplement thereto.

(f) Each party indemnified under paragraph (d) or (e)
of this Annex I shall, promptly after receipt of notice of the
commencement of any action against such indemnified party in
respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, notify the
indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof. The
omission of any indemnified party to so notify an indemnifying
party of any such action shall not relieve the indemnifying
party from any liability in respect of such action which it may
have to such indemnified party on account of the indemnity
agreement contained in paragraph (d) or (e) of this Annex I,
unless the indemnifying party was prejudiced by such omission,
and in no event shall relieve the indemnifying party from any
other liability which it may have to such indemnified party.
In case any such action shall be brought against any
indemnified party and it shall notify an indemnifying party of
the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be
entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it may
desire, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly
notified, to assume the defense thereof, and after notice from
the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its
election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying
party shall not be liable to such indemnified party under
paragraph (d) or (e) of this Annex I for any legal or other
expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in
connection with the defense thereof, other than reasonable
costs of investigation.

(g) If the indemnification provided for under
paragraph (d) or (e) shall for any reason be held by a court to
be unavailable to an indemnified party under paragraph (d) or
(e) hereof in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability,
or any action in respect thereof, then, in lieu of the amount
paid or payable under paragraph (d) or (e) hereof, the
indemnified party and the indemnifying party under paragraph
(d) or (e) hereof shall contribute to the aggregate losses,
claims, damages and liabilities (including legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating
the same), (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
the relative fault of the Company and the prospective seller of
Securities covered by the registration statement which resulted
in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect
thereof, with respect to the statements or omissions which
resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in
respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause

7

<PAGE>

(i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such
proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative
benefits received by the Company and such prospective seller
from the offering of the securities covered by such
registration statement. No Person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the
1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who
was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. In
addition, no Person shall be obligated to contribute hereunder
any amounts in payment for any settlement of any action or
claim effected without such Person's consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld.

<PAGE>

ANNEX II

ASSET PURCHASE TRANSACTION**

Asset to be Acquired by the Purchaser

Asset Purchased 100% of the Parks
Business of Paramount
Communications Inc
("Paramount")
"Parks Business" means
all of the rights,
obligations, assets
(including interests in
other legal entities),
liabilities (whether
known, unknown,
contingent or otherwise)
and business, including
all capital stock of
Paramount Parks Inc., a
Delaware corporation,
primarily related to the
following theme parks
operated by Paramount
:Kings Island, Cincinnati,
Ohio; Kings Dominion,
Richmond, Virginia;
Great America,
Santa Clara, California;
Carowinds, Charlotte,
North Carolina; and
Wonderland, Toronto,
Canada.

Purchase Price $750 million, plus the
amount of capital
expenditures made on the
Parks Business after the
date of the merger of
the Company and Paramount
net of indebtedness
related thereto incurred
by the Parks Business
(the "Parks Purchase
Price").

Consideration Class B Common Stock
valued at $55 per share.

**See page 3 of this Annex II.

2

<PAGE>

Conditions (a) The merger between
the Company and Paramount
shall have become
effective.

(b) All governmental and
material third party
approvals shall have
been obtained.

(c) The Parks Business
shall have continued to
be operated in the
ordinary course.

(d) No injunction or
litigation shall be in
effect or pending the
effect of which would
materially and adversely
affect the transaction.

Option to be Acquired by the Company

Option Simultaneous with the
closing of the purchase
of the Parks Business by
the Purchaser, the
Purchaser shall grant an
option (the "Option") to
the Company, exercisable
by the Company by
written notice to the
Purchaser at any time on
or prior to the second
anniversary of the
closing of the purchase
by the Purchaser of the
Parks Business,
entitling the Company to
purchase a 50% equity
interest in the Parks
Business.

3

<PAGE>

Exercise Price 50% of the Parks
Purchase Price, plus 50%
of the amount of capital
expenditures made on the
Parks Business after the
closing of the purchase
by the Purchaser of the
Parks Business net of
indebtedness related
thereto incurred by the
Parks Business (the
"Option Price").

Consideration Cash

Management Following exercise of
the Option and the
acquisition of a 50%
equity interest by the
Company, the Purchaser
shall be entitled to
elect a simple majority
of the board of
directors or other
governing body of the
Parks Business and to
control the management
of the Parks Business.

Other Terms If the Option is
exercised, the Company
and the Purchaser shall
enter into a
stockholders' or other
similar agreement

containing such terms as
are customary for joint
ventures in which the
equity is equally owned
by two parties where one
party has primary
management authority.

4

<PAGE>

General

1. In the event that the Company elects to enter into the
Asset Purchase Transaction pursuant to paragraph 17, each of
the Company and the Purchaser agrees to act in good faith and
use all reasonable best efforts to take all steps necessary and
advisable to effect the transaction consistent with the terms
set forth in this Annex II as soon as practicable after such
election is made.

2. Unless the parties otherwise agree and so long as such
structure would be consistent with the intent of the
transaction as expressed in this Annex II, the acquisition of
the Parks Business by the Purchaser shall be effected through
the acquisition of all of the capital stock of Patriot Parks
Inc. and the Option of the Company to acquire a 50% equity
interest in the Parks Business, if exercised, shall be effected
through the acquisition of 50% of the capital stock of Patriot
Parks Inc.

* * *

**In the event that the Company elects to enter into the
Asset Purchase Transaction pursuant to paragraph 17 and the
Purchaser does not Beneficially Own sufficient shares of Class B
Common Stock to pay the full Parks Purchase Price with such
shares, the Purchaser shall have the right, at its option,
either (a) to pay in cash such amount of the Parks Purchase
Price not paid in Class B Common Stock and thereby still
purchase 100% of the Parks Business or (b) to purchase only
such percentage of the equity of the Parks Business as equals
the percentage of the Parks Purchase Price that the Purchaser
pays with all of the shares of Class B Common Stock
Beneficially Owned by the Purchaser.

In the event that the Purchaser elects to purchase less
than 100% of the Parks Business as provided immediately above,
the following adjustments to the Asset Purchase Transaction
shall be made:

(A) The Company and the Purchaser shall enter into a
stockholders' or other similar agreement containing such
terms as are customary for joint ventures in which the
equity is owned by two parties in the proportions in which
the Company and the Purchaser would own the Parks Business;
provided that in the event the Purchaser acquires less than
a 50% equity interest in the Parks Business, the Company
shall retain the right to elect a majority of the board of
directors or other governing body of the Parks Business and
to control the management of the Parks Business.

5
<PAGE>

(B) The Purchaser shall grant the Option to the Company
only in the event that the Purchaser acquires an equity
interest in the Parks Business of greater than 50% and the
equity interest for which the Option may be exercised by
the Company shall be equal only to such percentage as would
result in the Purchaser, after exercise of the Option by
the Company, owning a 50% equity interest in the Parks
Business. In such event, the Option Price shall be
decreased in proportion to the percentage decrease from a
50% equity interest to the percentage interest for which
the Option shall be exercisable.

<PAGE>

Exhibit A

1. The execution and delivery of the Agreement by
the Company and the performance of its obligations thereunder
have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of the Company.

2. The Agreement has been duly and validly executed
and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by the Purchaser,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms, except as enforcement thereof may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance
or other similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors'
rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject
to general principles of equity (regardless of whether
enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

3. The Shares have been validly issued, are fully
paid and nonassessable, have not been issued in violation of or
subject to any preemptive rights and have the rights set forth
in the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as
amended through the date hereof.

<PAGE>

Exhibit B

1. The execution and delivery of the Agreement by
the Purchaser and the performance of its obligations thereunder
have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of the Purchaser.

2. The Agreement has been duly and validly executed
and delivered by the Purchaser and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery by the Company,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Purchaser, enforceable against the Purchaser in accordance with
its terms, except (i) as enforcement thereof may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance
or other similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors'
rights generally and except as enforcement thereof is subject
to general principles of equity (regardless of whether
enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law),
and (ii) that I express no opinion as to the enforceability of
any right to indemnity or contribution under the Agreement
which are violative of the public policy underlying any law,
rule or regulation (including any state and federal securities
law, rule or regulation).

<PAGE>

Exhibit C

Assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery
by the Purchaser and the Company, the Agreement constitutes the
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
against the Company, in accordance with its terms, provided
that (i) the enforceability of the Agreement may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance,
moratorium or other similar laws affecting enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law); and (ii) we express no opinion
as to the enforceability of any right to indemnity or
contribution under the Agreement which are violative of the
public policy underlying any law, rule or regulation (including
any state and Federal securities law, rule or regulation).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>
BLOCKBUSTER AND VIACOM ANNOUNCE $8.4 BILLION MERGER

VIACOM INC. INCREASES ITS TENDER OFFER TO $105 PER SHARE FOR
50.1% OF PARAMOUNT STOCK

- - Market Capitalization of Combined
Viacom/Blockbuster/Paramount
Valued at $26 Billion -

New York, New York, January 7, 1993 -- Viacom Inc. (ASE: VIA
and VIAB) and Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation (NYSE: BV)
today announced they have entered into a definitive merger
agreement under which Blockbuster will merge into Viacom.
Under the terms of the agreement, which was unanimously
approved by the Boards of Directors of both companies,
Blockbuster shareholders will receive .08 of a share of Viacom
Class A Common Stock, and .60615 of a share of Viacom Class B
Common Stock, and one variable common right (VCR) for each
share of Blockbuster. The transaction is valued at $8.4
billion, based on the closing market prices of Viacom stock on
January 6, 1994. The combined Viacom/Blockbuster company will
be named Viacom-Blockbuster Inc.

Viacom also announced an increase to $105 per share, or $6.5
billion, for the 50.1% in cash consideration to be paid to
shareholders of Paramount Communications Inc. (NYSE: PCI)
under its revised tender offer.

- -more-

- -2-

Viacom and Blockbuster together announced that, subject to the
consummation of Viacom's tender offer for Paramount,
Blockbuster has agreed to invest $1.25 billion in Viacom by
purchasing approximately 23 million shares of Viacom Class B
Common Stock at $55.00 per share. The shares purchased by
Blockbuster will reduce the number of shares previously

<PAGE>

offered to existing Paramount shareholders, placing shares
that would otherwise have been distributed to public
shareholders in the hands of Blockbuster. The additional cash
component of this transaction, provided by the Blockbuster
investment, will provide Paramount shareholders with increased
monetary consideration and added value, with virtually no
dilution to shareholders. In the context of the ultimate
combination of Viacom, Blockbuster and Paramount, the
resulting company will enjoy a significantly strengthened
capital structure. Upon the completion of the Paramount
acquisition, the company will be renamed.

"The combination of Viacom with Blockbuster and Paramount
creates a uniquely diversified portfolio of global
entertainment assets and operations with extraordinary
capacity to exploit worldwide opportunities. The potential
for the exploitation and expansion of brand names and
franchises will be dramatic," said Sumner M. Redstone,
Chairman of the Board of Viacom.

"Blockbuster's established relationships with customers and
large presence in the retail video and music markets provide
Viacom with important access and distribution to consumers of
entertainment products.

- -more-

- -3-

"We look forward to welcoming Blockbuster and its employees to
the Viacom family. Blockbuster's headquarters will be
maintained in Ft. Lauderdale.

"From the very beginning, Viacom's strategic rationale for
joining forces with Paramount was the creation of a new global
entertainment powerhouse with an array of complementary,
world-class assets in a wide variety of entertainment and
communication businesses," Mr. Redstone stated.

H. Wayne Huizenga, Chairman of the Board of Blockbuster, said,
"This transaction is an exciting development for our company
and our shareholders, reflecting the vision we share with
Viacom related to building a global integrated entertainment
company. Blockbuster's retail distribution systems and our
programming and production business together with Viacom's
entertainment franchises represent a formidable combination."

William C. Ferguson, Chairman of NYNEX Corporation, expressing
strong support for today's announcement, said, "We initially

<PAGE>

joined forces with Viacom in our belief that Viacom presented
numerous opportunities to leverage our existing businesses by
pursuing joint opportunities. We continue to believe that a
combined Viacom/Blockbuster/ Paramount will bring value to
NYNEX."

With the completion of the merger, Mr. Redstone will become
Chairman of the Board of the combined company and will own 61%
of the combined company's voting stock. With the completion
of the Blockbuster merger, Mr. Huizenga will

- -more-
- -4-

become Vice Chairman of the combined company. This new entity
will have a mutually agreed upon Board of Directors consisting
of six Directors designated by Viacom, three Directors
designated by Blockbuster, including Mr. Huizenga and Steven
R. Berrard, Blockbuster's Vice Chairman, two Directors
designated by NYNEX Corporation, including William C.
Ferguson, Chairman of NYNEX Corporation and a current Director
of Viacom's board, and one independent Director.

The Tender Offer for Paramount and Related Merger
Viacom's tender offer has been extended to Friday, January 21,
1994. Under the terms of the Exemption Agreement between
Viacom and Paramount and the Agreement and Plan of Merger
between QVC Network Inc. and Paramount, Viacom said that QVC
would also be required to extend its offer to expire no
earlier than that date. As permitted by the terms of the
Exemption Agreement, Viacom's amended tender offer is for
50.1% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of
Paramount. Viacom's offer contemplates the execution of a
definitive merger agreement with Paramount providing for the
conversion of each share of Paramount that is not acquired
pursuant to the offer into the right to receive .93065 shares
of Viacom Class B Common Stock and .30408 of a share of
Viacom's convertible preferred stock. Viacom said that as of
the close of business on Thursday, January 6, 1994,
approximately 2,305,900 shares of Paramount stock had been
tendered and not withdrawn.

- -more-

- -5-

Under the Exemption Agreement, Paramount is required to
execute the definitive merger agreement if 50.1% of the

<PAGE>

outstanding shares of Paramount are validly tendered for
Viacom's offer and not withdrawn by its expiration date.
Other terms of Viacom's offer, including the terms of the
convertible preferred stock in the merger with Paramount, are
substantially unchanged from Viacom's existing offer.

The Blockbuster/Viacom Merger
The merger of Blockbuster into Viacom, which is intended to be
tax-free, is subject to customary conditions, including
approval of shareholders of both companies. However, the
merger is not conditioned upon consummation of Viacom's tender
offer or any other transaction involving Paramount.

Viacom said that certain Blockbuster shareholders holding
approximately 22.7% of the outstanding Blockbuster shares,
including Mr. Huizenga and Mr. Berrard, had granted Viacom
proxies to vote in favor of the proposed merger. Viacom also
said that certain Blockbuster shareholders granted Viacom
options to purchase a portion of such shares amounting to 6.1%
of Blockbuster's outstanding shares at a price of $30.125 per
share. Mr. Huizenga and Mr. Berrard were among the
Blockbuster stockholders who provided Viacom with stock
options and proxies with respect to their personal holdings of
shares.

The variable common rights (VCRs) to be issued in connection
with this transaction convert into Viacom Class B shares under
certain circumstances. The number of Viacom Class B shares
into which the VCRs will convert will
- -more-
- -6-

generally be based upon the highest 30 consecutive trading day
average price for Viacom Class B Common Stock during the 90
trading days prior to the conversion date, which occurs on the
first anniversary of the completion of the Blockbuster merger.
In the event that such value is less than $48 per share and
more than $40 per share, the VCRs will convert into the right
to receive .05929 of a share of Viacom Class B Common Stock.
If such value is below $40 per share, such number of shares
will increase ratably to the maximum of .13829 of a share of
Viacom Class B Common Stock at a value of $36 per share or, if
such value is above $48 per share, the number of shares into
which the VCR will convert will decrease ratably to have no
value at a price of $52 per share. The upward adjustment in
the value of the VCR in excess of .05929 of a share of Viacom
Class B Common Stock will not be made in the event that,
during any 30 trading day period following the completion of
the merger and prior to the conversion date, the average

<PAGE>

closing price exceeds $40 per share. In the event that during
any such period such average price exceeds $52 per share, the
VCR will terminate.

Smith Barney Shearson Inc. is acting as financial advisor to
Viacom and is also dealer manager in connection with the
Offer, and Georgeson & Co. is acting as information agent.
Merrill Lynch & Co. is acting as financial advisor to
Blockbuster.

- -more-

- -7-

Viacom Inc. is the holding company parent of Viacom
International Inc., which together own and operate basic cable
and premium television networks (MTV, MTV Europe, Nickelodeon,
Nick at Nite, VH-1, Showtime, The Movie Channel and FLIX); own
one-half of Comedy Central and All News Channel and one-third
of Lifetime; own SET Pay Per View, which provides events for
the pay-per-view industry; own a leading provider of
programming to the backyard dish market; produce and
distribute programming for television exhibition; develop and
publish interactive software; own cable systems serving more
than 1.1 million customers; and own five television stations
and 14 radio stations. National Amusements, Inc., a closely
held corporation, owns approximately 76 percent of Viacom
Inc.'s Class A and Class B common stock, on a combined basis.
National Amusements, Inc. owns and operates approximately 800
movie screens in the United States and the United Kingdom.

Blockbuster Entertainment Corporation, a global leader in the
entertainment industry, is the world's largest home video
retailer and one of the world's largest music retailers. At
December 31, 1993, Blockbuster had 3,593 video stores (2,698
company-owned and 895 franchise-owned) operating in nine
countries and domestically in 49 states, and 511 music stores
(including 20 megastores in a joint venture with the Virgin
Retail Group) in seven countries and throughout the United
States. Blockbuster also owns 70.5% of Spelling Entertainment
Group Inc. and an equity stake in Republic Pictures
Corporation, both of which are leading producers and worldwide
distributors of motion picture and television entertainment.
The company also owns a 19.6% equity stake in Discovery

- -more-
- -8-

<PAGE>

Zone, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZONE), which owns and franchises indoor
children's recreational fitness centers known as FunCenters.
In addition, the company has franchise rights to develop 100
Discovery Zone FunCenters in the U.S. and formed a joint
venture with Discovery Zone to develop 10 FunCenters in the
U.K. Blockbuster also has a six-month option to acquire 50.1%
of Discovery Zone.

# # #

Viacom/Blockbuster/Paramount Merger Fact Sheet Attached

Contact: Viacom Inc. Edelman
Raymond A. Boyce Elliot Sloane
(212) 258-6530 (212) 704-8126

Blockbuster Entertainment Corp.
Greg Fairbanks Wally Knief
(305) 832-3522 (305) 832-3250

<PAGE>

VIACOM/BLOCKBUSTER/PARAMOUNT MERGER FACT SHEET

Financial Highlights:

$9 billion in revenues

$1.5 billion in operating cash flow

$26 billion in assets

$14 billion in stockholders' equity

40,000-plus employees

Corporate Profile: The combination of Viacom, Blockbuster and
Paramount, will create a global leader in the production and
distribution of entertainment and communication products, with
an array of world-class franchises and brand names. The
companies participate in the fastest growing segments of the
entertainment marketplace, including:

- -- Cable network programming

- -- Video, music and interactive retail distribution

- -- Motion picture and television production

- -- Cable television systems

- -- Television and radio broadcasting

- -- Entertainment centers, theme parks

- -- Publishing

- -- Interactive/Multimedia products

- -- Motion picture theaters

Cable Network Programming: Viacom owns and operates the
largest group of basic and premium networks, including MTV,

<PAGE>

MTV Europe, Nickelodeon, Nick at Nite, Showtime, The Movie
Channel and FLIX. Viacom's brand equity and global impact is
unparalleled. In addition to its significant domestic
distribution, MTV now reaches more than 251 million homes in
88 territories around the world. Viacom also participates in
three joint venture cable services: Comedy Central, Lifetime
and All News Channel.

-2-

Paramount is co-owner of USA Network, a leading
advertiser-supported basic cable television network. USA
includes the Sci-Fi Channel, a basic cable channel devoted
exclusively to science fiction, horror and adventure
programming. In addition, Paramount's Madison Square Garden
Network is the largest regional cable sports network in the
country, providing programming to nearly 5 million subscribers
through 231 affiliates.

Video, Music and Interactive Retail Distribution: With more
than 3,500 video stores operating in nine countries and
domestically in 49 states, Blockbuster is the largest retailer
of home video products in the world. Growing from a base of
19 video stores just six years ago, Blockbuster now commands
more than 15% of the domestic home video market and is larger
than the next 550 competitors combined. The home video
marketplace is larger than that of movie theaters, premium
cable and pay-per-view combined. Blockbuster's growth in this
explosive marketplace is expected to continue into the future.

Blockbuster also is a leader in the retail distribution of
music product. With the acquisitions of the Sound Warehouse,
Music Plus, and Super Club music retail chains, the recent
development of the Blockbuster Music Plus concept, and the
joint venture agreement with Virgin Retail Group to build
megastores around the world, Blockbuster operates more than
500 music stores in seven countries and throughout the United
States.

With more than 600 million consumer visits to its retail
stores each year and an active data base of more than 40
million consumers who have rented and purchased product in
their retail stores, Blockbuster is the leading global retail
distributor of entertainment product in the world.

Motion Picture and Television Production: Through its recent
investments in both Spelling Entertainment Group and Republic

<PAGE>

Pictures Corporation, Blockbuster is now a leading producer
and distributor of filmed entertainment, with over 20,000
hours of programming available for domestic and international
distribution.

Blockbuster owns 70.5% of Spelling, a producer and distributor
of filmed entertainment supported by a film library of
approximately 12,000 hours. This library includes more than
55 off-network series, such as Little House on the Prairie,
Dallas, Twin Peaks, and an array of feature films including
Basic Instinct, Total Recall, Platoon, and the Rambo trilogy.
Spelling also is the producer of the hit network series
Beverly Hills 90210 and Melrose Place.

Blockbuster owns approximately 37% of Republic, an independent
producer and distributor of filmed entertainment. Republic
distributes its extensive classic library and contemporary
product to television, home video and theaters across the
world. Republic is the 10th largest distributor in the home
video industry. Its library includes The Quiet Man, High
Noon, as well as the popular television series Bonanza.

-3-

Viacom has an enormous syndication library that includes
Roseanne, The Cosby Show, A Different World, I Love Lucy, The
Twilight Zone and Hawaii 5-0. It also produces programs for
broadcast television, including Matlock, Diagnosis Murder, and
the Perry Mason made-for-TV movies. Viacom's first-run
syndication programs include The Montel Williams Show, Nick
News and This Morning's Business.

Paramount Pictures produces motion pictures for distribution
to theatrical markets in the United States and abroad.
Paramount has a motion picture library of approximately 890
films. In video, Paramount holds leadership positions.

Paramount Television is at the forefront in the production and
distribution of television programming for commercial
networks, first-run syndication and cable services, currently
producing 30 1/2 hours weekly. Its network programming lineup
for the 1993-1994 television season includes, Wings, Frasier,
Big Wave Dave's, Viper, The Mommies and Sister Sister. In
first-run syndication, Paramount produces Star Trek: The Next
Generation, Deep Space Nine, The Untouchables, Entertainment
Tonight, The Maury Povich Show, The Arsenio Hall Show and Hard
Copy. The Paramount television library includes Cheers, Star
Trek, Happy Days, Laverne & Shirley and Taxi.

<PAGE>

Cable Television Systems: Viacom Cable owns and operates
cable television systems in three regions of the U.S. serving
approximately 1.1 million subscribers. In mid-1994, Viacom,
in conjunction with AT&T, will be launching a test of consumer
acceptance of interactive entertainment and information
services at its Castro Valley, California, cable system.

Television and Radio Broadcasting: Viacom owns five
network-affiliated television stations (three NBC and two CBS
affiliates) and 14 radio stations, making it the sixth largest
radio group in the U.S., ranked by market reach.

The Paramount Stations Group owns and operates four
independent and three Fox-affiliated stations.

Publishing: Paramount Publishing, through such major imprints
as Simon & Schuster, Pocket Books, Silver Burdett Ginn, and
Prentice Hall, is one of the world's leading publishers of
educational materials, from textbooks to computer-based
learning systems, and has significant operations serving the
domestic and international consumer and business, technical
and professional markets.

-4-

Entertainment Facilities and Theme Parks: Through its 19.6%
equity in Discovery Zone, Inc., which owns and franchises
indoor children's recreational fitness centers known as
FunCenters, Blockbuster has a strong presence in the
entertainment center marketplace. The company has franchise
rights to develop 100 Discovery Zone FunCenters in the U.S.
and formed a joint venture with Discovery Zone to develop 10
FunCenters in the U.K. Blockbuster also has a six-month
option to acquire 50.1% of Discovery Zone.

This year, Blockbuster opened the initial phase of a family
entertainment facility called Blockbuster Golf and Games, in
Sunrise, Florida. Additional entertainment facilities are
planned at various other U.S. sites.

<PAGE>

Blockbuster recently announced a joint venture with Sony Music
Entertainment (SME) and Pace Entertainment where the three
companies combined their seven existing amphitheaters into a
partnership to be managed by Pace. Existing locations are in
Charlotte, Phoenix, San Bernadino, Pittsburgh, Raleigh,
Houston and Nashville.

Paramount owns and operates five regional theme parks.
Paramount also owns and operates Madison Square Garden, one of
the premiere showplaces for sports, concerts and other live
entertainment, at its Arena and the Paramount Theater, as well
as the New York professional basketball and hockey team
franchises, the Knicks and the Rangers.

Interactive/Multimedia Products: Viacom New Media and
Paramount Technology Group both develop and publish
interactive software for a variety of platforms in the
multimedia marketplace. Paramount's Computer Curriculum unit
is the country's foremost and fastest-growing producer of
computer-based learning systems. Blockbuster also is the
largest wholesaler and retailer of interactive home video
games in the world.

Motion Picture Theaters: Paramount owns the Famous Players
motion picture theater chain, which has 441 screens in Canada.
Paramount is also joint-owner of the 341-screen Cinamerica
theater circuit, and reaches 345 screens in nine countries
through a joint venture, United Cinemas International.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>