<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000857402-94-000167.txt : 19941018
<IMS-HEADER>0000857402-94-000167.hdr.sgml : 19941018
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000857402-94-000167
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941017
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941017
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEARS CREDIT ACCOUNT TRUST 1991-A
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000873084
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	6141
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19146
		FILM NUMBER:		94552880

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3711 KENNETT PIKE
		STREET 2:		C/O SEARS RECEIVABLES FINANCING GROUP
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19807
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3028883176

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SEARS RECEIVABLES FINANCING GROUP INC
		STREET 2:		3711 KENNETT PIKE
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19807
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>SCAT 1991A FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 17, 1994

Sears Credit Account Trust 1991 D
(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Illinois 33-42664-01 Not Applicable
(State of (Commission (IRS Employer
Organization) File Number) Identification No.)

c/o Sears Receivables Financing Group, Inc.
3711 Kennett Pike
Greenville, Delaware 19807
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's Telephone Number, including area code: (302) 888-3176

Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed
since last report: Not Applicable
<PAGE>
Item 5. Other Events

On October 17, 1994, Registrant made available the 
Monthly Investor Certificateholders' Statement set forth as 
Exhibit 21.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits

21. Monthly Investor Certificateholders' Statement
related to the distribution of October 17, 1994
and reflecting the performance of the Trust
during the Due Period ended in September, 1994,
which accompanied the distribution on October
17, 1994.

99(a) Supplemental Contribution Agreement dated as of
September 15, 1994.

99(b) Second Supplemental Pooling and Servicing Agreement
dated as of September 15, 1994.

99(c) Supplemental Purchase Agreement dated as of
September 15, 1994.
<PAGE>
SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Sears Credit Account Trust 1991 D
(Registrant)

By: Sears Receivables Financing Group, Inc.
(Originator of the Trust)

Date:October 17, 1994 By: /S/PERRY N. WEINE
Perry N. Weine
Vice President, Administration

<PAGE>
EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.

21. Monthly Investor Certificateholders' Statement -
(October 17, 1994).

99(a) Supplemental Contribution Agreement dated as of
September 15, 1994.

99(b) Second Supplemental Pooling and Servicing Agreement
dated as of September 15, 1994.

99(c) Supplemental Purchase Agreement dated as of
September 15, 1994.
<PAGE>
Exhibit 21

SEARS CREDIT ACCOUNT TRUST 1991 A
MONTHLY INVESTOR CERTIFICATEHOLDERS' STATEMENT

8.85% CREDIT ACCOUNT
PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES

Under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of
March 1,1991, by and among Sears, Roebuck and Co.("Sears"), Sears
Receivables Financing Group, Inc. and Bank of America Illinois, as
Trustee, the Trustee is required to prepare certain information each
month regarding current distributions to Investor Certificateholders 
and the performance of the Trust during the previous month. The 
information which is required to be prepared with respect to the
distribution of October 17, 1994 (the "current Distribution Date") 
and with respect to the performance of the Trust during the Due Period
ended September, 1994 (the "related Due Period") is set forth below.
Certain of the information is presented on the basis of an original
principal amount of $1,000 per Investor Certificate. Certain other
information is presented based on the aggregate amount for the Trust 
as a whole.

A. Information Regarding the Current Monthly Distribution
(Stated on the Basis of $1,000 Original Principal Amount).

1. The total amount of the distribution to Investor
Certificateholders on the current Distribution Date
per $1,000 interest..... $0.000000000

2. The amount of the distribution set forth in paragraph
1 above in respect of interest on the Investor
Certificates, per $1,000 interest....... $0.000000000

3. The amount of the distribution set forth in paragraph
1 above in respect of principal on the Investor
Certificates, per $1,000 interest........... $0.000000000

B. Information Regarding the Performance of the Trust.

1. Collections of Receivables.

(a) The aggregate amount of Collections of 
Finance Charge Receivables processed 
during the related Due Period........... $10,245,150.31

(b) The aggregate amount of Collections of
Principal Receivables processed during the
related Due Period........................... $34,658,847.85

(c) The aggregate amount of Collections of Finance
Charge Receivables processed during the
related Due Period which were allocated in
respect of the Investor Certificates..... $7,935,241.43

(d) The aggregate amount of Collections of
Principal Receivables processed during the
related Due Period which were allocated
in respect of the Investor Certificates.... $25,058,798.23

(e) The aggregate amount of Collections of Finance
Charge Receivables processed during the
related Due Period which were allocated
in respect of the Seller Certificate..... $2,309,908.88

(f) The aggregate amount of Collections of
Principal Receivables processed during the
related Due Period which were allocated
in respect of the Seller Certificate.............. $9,600,049.62

2. Principal Receivables in the Trust; Principal 
Funding Account.

(a) The aggregate amount of Principal Receivables
in the Trust as of the end of the related
Due Period (which reflects the Principal
Receivables represented by both the Seller
Certificate and the Investor Certificates)..... $641,544,659.87

(b) The amount of Principal Receivables in the
Trust represented by the Investor Certificates
(the "Investor Interest") as of the end of the
related Due Period ................. $354,166,666.62

(c) The Investor Interest set forth in paragraph
2(b) above as a percentage of the aggregate
amount of Principal Receivables set forth in
paragraph 2(a) above............................... 55.21%

(d) The Invested Amount as of the end of the
current Distribution Date.............................$500,000,000.00

(e) The total amount to be deposited in the
Principal Funding Account in respect of
Collections of Principal Receivables on such
Distribution Date............................. $20,833,333.34

(f) The total amount on deposit in the Principal
Funding Account in respect of Collections of
Principal Receivables on such Distribution Date
(after giving effect to the deposit referred to
in paragraph 2(e))......................... $145,833,333.38

(g) The total amount of Investment Income since
the last Distribution Date......................... $532,036.93

(h) The Deficit Accumulation Amount (after giving
effect to the deposit referred to in paragraph 2(e) $0.00

3. Interest Funding Account.

(a) The total amount to be deposited in the
Interest Funding Account in respect of
Certificate Interest on such Distribution Date.. $3,687,500.00

(b) The total amount on deposit in the Interest
Funding Account in respect of Certificate
Interest on such Distribution Date (after
giving effect to the deposit referred to in
paragraph 3 (a))....................... $3,687,500.00

4. Investor Charged-Off Amount.

(a) The aggregate amount of Receivables charge-
off as uncollectible during the related Due
Period allocable to the Investor Certificates
(the "Investor Charged-Off Amount").............. $1,261,829.13

(b) The Aggregate Investor Charged-Off Amount.. $0.00

5. Investor Losses; Reimbursement of Charge-Offs.

(a) The excess of the Investor Charged-Off Amount
set forth in paragraph 3(a) above over the sum
of (i) payments in respect of the Available
Subordinated Amount and (ii) Excess Servicing,
if any (an "Investor Loss")........................... $0.00

(b) The amount of the Investor Loss set forth in
paragraph 4(a) above, per $1,000 interest
(which will have the effect of reducing, pro
rata, the amount of each Investor Certificate-
holder's investment).................................. $0.00

(c) The total amount reimbursed to the Trust in
the current month from the sum of the Available
Subordinated Amount and Excess Servicing, if
any, in respect of Investor Losses in prior
months................................................ $0.00

(d) The amount set forth in paragraph 4(c) above,
per $1,000 interest (which will have the effect
of increasing, pro rata, the amount of each
Investor Certificateholder's investment).............. $0.00

(e) The aggregate amount of Investor Losses in 
the Trust as of the end of the current 
Distribution Date..................................... $0.00

(f) The amount set forth in paragraph 4(e) above,
per $1,000 interest (which will have the effect
of reducing, pro rata, the amount of each
Investor Certificateholder's investment)............ $0.00

6. Investor Servicing Fee.

The aggregate amount of the Investor Monthly
Servicing Fee payable by the Trust to the
Servicer for the related Due Period................... $625,000.00

7. Available Subordinated Amount.

(a) The amount available to be applied pursuant
to Section 4.03 as of the end of the current
Distribution Date..................................... $42,500,000.00

(b) The amount set forth in paragraph 6(a) above
as a percentage of the Invested Amount....... 8.50%

8. Investor Excess Spread Analysis
$ % (1)

Allocated Yield (2) $8,467,278.36 20.32%

Less:
Certificate Interest (3) $3,687,500.00 8.85%
Servicing Fees (4) $625,000.00 1.50%
Allocated Charge-Offs (5) $1,261,829.13 3.03%

Subtotal $5,574,329.13 13.38%

Excess Spread $2,892,949.23 6.94%

(1) Annualized percentage of the Invested Amount at the beginning
of the related Due Period.
(2) Section B1(c) plus Section B2(g) above
(3) See Section B3(a) above
(4) See Section B6 above
(5) See Section B4(a) above

Note: Payment rate (aggregate collections/beg. receivables 
balance) for the related Due Period: 6.85%

C. The Pool Factor.

The Pool Factor (which represents the ratio of the
amount of the Invested Amount as of the end of
the day on the current Distribution Date to the
amount of the Investor Interest as of the Closing
Date). The amount of an Investor Certificate-
holder's pro rata share of the Invested Amount
can be determined by multiplying the original 
denomination of the Holder's Investor Certificate
by the Pool Factor....................................... 1.0000000

BANK OF AMERICA ILLINOIS,
as Trustee

By: /S/ Robert J. Donahue
Title: Vice President
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 99(a)

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.

and

SEARS RECEIVABLES
FINANCING GROUP, INC.

SUPPLEMENTAL CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT
Dated as of September 15, 1994

amending

CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT
Dated as of October 3, 1991

______________________________________

SEARS CREDIT ACCOUNT TRUST 1991 D

<PAGE>
RECITALS

WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into that certain
Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 3, 1991 (the "Agreement"),
by and between Sears, Roebuck and Co., a New York corporation ("Sears")
and Sears Receivables Financing Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("SRFG");

WHEREAS, the parties desire to effect certain amendments to
the Agreement pursuant to Section 6.02 thereof.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT WITNESSETH that,
for and in consideration of the above premises, Sears and SRFG agree as
follows:

I. Definitions

The definitions in the Agreement are amended to read as set
forth in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, as amended on the date
hereof, except for the terms set forth on Exhibit A hereto.

II. Amendment to Section 4.01

Section 4.01 of the Agreement is amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:

Section 4.01 Computer Files Marked. Sears shall, at its
own expense, on or prior to the date hereof, indicate in its computer
files or in the computer files of its affiliates, as applicable, that
Receivables created in connection with the Accounts have been
contributed to SRFG pursuant to this Agreement and sold to SRFG pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement and deliver to SRFG (or to the Trustee on
SRFG's behalf) a computer file, hard copy or microfiche list containing
a true and complete list of all such Accounts, identified by account
number.

III. Miscellaneous

Counterparts. This Supplemental Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be
deemed to be an original, but all of which shall together constitute but
one and the same instrument.

Governing Law. This Supplemental Agreement shall be
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois,
without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the
obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be
determined in accordance with such laws.

<PAGE>
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Sears and SRFG have caused this
Supplemental Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers
as of September 15, 1994.

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.

By:/S/ ALICE M. PETERSON 
Name: Alice M. Peterson
Title: Vice President and
Treasurer

SEARS RECEIVABLES FINANCING GROUP, INC.

By:/S/ NANCY M. HOUGHTON-LYNCH 
Name: Nancy M. Houghton-Lynch
Title: Vice President and
Treasurer

<PAGE>
EXHIBIT A

"Agreement"

"Contributed Receivables"

"Pooling and Servicing Agreement"

"Purchase Agreement"
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 99(b)

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.
Servicer

SEARS RECEIVABLES
FINANCING GROUP, INC.
Seller

and

BANK OF AMERICA ILLINOIS
Trustee

on behalf of the Certificateholders

SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT
Dated as of September 15, 1994

amending

POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT
Dated as of September 15, 1991, as amended
by Supplemental Pooling and Servicing Agreement
dated as of January 31, 1994

______________________________________

SEARS CREDIT ACCOUNT TRUST 1991 D

7.75% CREDIT ACCOUNT
PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES

<PAGE>
RECITALS

WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into that certain
Pooling and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 15, 1991, as
amended by that certain Supplemental Pooling and Servicing Agreement
dated as of January 31, 1994 (the "Agreement"), among Sears, Roebuck and
Co., as Servicer ("Sears"), Sears Receivables Financing Group, Inc., as
Seller ("SRFG") and Bank of America Illinois, an Illinois banking
corporation, as Trustee (the "Trustee");

WHEREAS, the parties desire to effect certain amendments to
the Agreement pursuant to Section 13.01 thereof.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
WITNESSETH that, for and in consideration of the above premises, Sears
and SRFG agree with the Trustee as follows:

I. Definitions - In General

Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.

II. Definitions - Amended

The following definitions are amended and restated in their
entirety to read as follows:

"Account" shall mean an open-end retail charge plan for
specified Persons, maintained by Sears or an affiliate of Sears with
respect to the sale of goods or services, receivables under which are
transferred to the Trust pursuant to this Agreement. No Account shall
be a Charged-Off Account as of the Account Selection Date. Each Account
shall be identified by account number on Schedule 1 hereto. The
definition of Account shall include each account (a "Transferred
Account") into which an Account shall be transferred provided that (i)
such transfer was made in accordance with the Credit Guidelines and (ii)
such Transferred Account can be traced or identified as an account into
which an Account has been transferred. The term "Account" shall be
deemed to refer to an Additional Account only from and after the
Addition Date with respect thereto.

"Bank" shall mean Sears National Bank, a national banking
association.

"Billing Cycle" shall mean, with respect to any Account, the
billing cycle for such Account as determined by the Servicer or its
affiliates, as applicable, in accordance with its normal practice. 

"Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a
Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York,
Chicago, Illinois, Phoenix, Arizona or the city in which the Corporate
Trust Office is located are authorized or obligated by law or executive
order to be closed. 

"Charged-Off Account" shall mean each Account with respect
to which the Receivables in such Account have been charged-off as
uncollectible.

"Collections" shall mean (i) all payments including
Insurance Proceeds, if any, received by the Servicer or an affiliate of
the Servicer in respect of the Receivables at one of its central
administrative units charged with processing funds and recording them in
the Servicer's or the affiliate's records, as applicable, in the form of
cash, checks, wire transfers, ATM transfers or other forms of payment in
accordance with the Credit Agreement in effect from time to time and
(ii) amounts treated as Collections pursuant to subsections 2.04(d),
2.05(c), 3.01(c), 4.07(a), 4.07(c) and 12.02(b) hereof, less reductions
to Collections pursuant to 4.07(a). A Collection processed on an
Account in excess of the aggregate amount of Receivables in such Account
shall be credited to such Account or refunded to the Obligor by the
Servicer or an affiliate of the Servicer in accordance with its normal
practice pursuant to subsection 4.07(a).

"Credit Guidelines" shall mean the policies and procedures
relating to the operation of the credit business of Sears or its
affiliates, including, without limitation, the written policies and
procedures and the exercise of judgment by employees of Sears or its
affiliates in accordance with the normal practice of Sears or its
affiliates, as applicable, for determining the creditworthiness of
credit customers, the extension of credit to customers, and relating to
the maintenance of credit accounts and collection of credit receivables,
as such policies and procedures may be amended from time to time.

"Date of Processing" shall mean, with respect to any
transaction, the date on which such transaction is first recorded on the
computer master file of credit accounts maintained on behalf of the
Seller at one of the central administrative units of the Servicer or an
affiliate of the Servicer charged with processing funds and recording
them in the Servicer's or such affiliate's records (without regard to
the effective date of such recordation).

"Eligible Receivable" shall mean each Receivable:

(a) which is payable in United States dollars;

(b) which was created in compliance, in all material
respects, with all Requirements of Law applicable to the Seller and
Sears or one of its affiliates, as applicable, and pursuant to a Credit
Agreement which complies, in all material respects, with all
Requirements of Law applicable to the Seller and Sears or one of its
affiliates, as applicable;

(c) as to which at the time of the conveyance of such
Receivable to the Trust, Sears (with respect to Receivables created
prior to the Closing Date), the Seller or the Trust has or will have
good and marketable title thereto free and clear of all Liens; and

(d) which constitutes an "account," "general intangibles"
or "chattel paper" under and as defined in Article 9 of the UCC as then
in effect in the State of New York.

"Finance Charge Receivables" shall mean with respect to any
Account for any Due Period the amount billed as finance charges on such
Account for such Due Period.

"Insurance Proceeds" shall mean any amounts recovered
pursuant to any credit life insurance policies covering any Obligor with
respect to Receivables under such Obligor's Account.

"Schedule 1" shall mean the computer file, hard copy or
microfiche list delivered to the Trustee pursuant to subsection 2.01(b)
hereof which shall contain a true and complete list of all Accounts from
which Receivables have been conveyed to the Trust on the Closing Date
identified by account number.

"Trust" shall mean the trust created by this Agreement, the
corpus of which shall consist of the Receivables existing as of the Cut-
Off Date or thereafter created and all monies due or to become due with
respect thereto, all proceeds (as defined in Article 9 of the UCC as in
effect in the State of New York) of the Receivables and such funds as
from time to time are deposited in the Investor Accounts.

III. Amendment to Section 1.02

Section 1.02(c) of the Agreement is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

(c) All references to "accounts" shall refer to open-end
charge plans for specified persons maintained by Sears or an affiliate
of Sears with respect to the sale of goods or services, unless the
context otherwise requires.

IV. Amendment to Section 2.01

Sections 2.01(a) and (b) of the Agreement are amended and
restated in their entirety to read as follows:

(a) Effective on the Closing Date, the Seller hereby
sells, transfers, assigns and otherwise conveys to the Trust for the
benefit of the Certificateholders, without recourse, all right, title
and interest of the Seller in and to the Receivables existing as of the
Cut-Off Date and thereafter created, all monies due or to become due
with respect thereto, all proceeds (as defined in Article 9 of the UCC
as in effect in the State of New York) of such Receivables and Insurance
Proceeds, if any, relating thereto. In the event such sale, transfer,
assignment or conveyance is deemed to create a security interest in such
property, the Seller does hereby grant to the Trust a security interest
therein.

(b) In connection with such sale, the Seller further
agrees, at its own expense, on or prior to the Closing Date to (i) cause
Sears or an affiliate of Sears, as applicable, as agents of the Seller,
to indicate in its computer files that Receivables created in connection
with the Accounts have been sold to the Trust pursuant to this Agreement
for the benefit of the Certificateholders and (ii) deliver Schedule 1 to
the Trustee.

V. Amendment to Section 2.02

Section 2.02(b) of the Agreement is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

(b) The obligation of the Trustee to accept the
Receivables shall be subject to the condition that the Seller records
and files, at its own expense, one or more financing statements with
respect to the Receivables then existing and thereafter created for the
sale of accounts, general intangibles or chattel paper as defined in
Article 9 of the UCC as in effect in the State of New York meeting the
requirements of Illinois law in such manner as is necessary to perfect
the sale and assignment of such Receivables to the Trust, and to deliver
a file-stamped copy of such financing statement or other evidence of
such filing to the Trustee on or prior to the date of issuance of the
Certificates.

VI. Amendment to Section 2.04

Sections 2.04(a)(ii), (iii) and (v) of the Agreement are
amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows:

(ii) this Agreement or appropriate Assignment, as the case
may be, constitutes a sale of the Receivables existing as of the Cut-Off
Date (or the Additional Account Cut-Off Date, as applicable) and
thereafter created, and of all proceeds (as defined in the UCC as in
effect in the State of New York) of such Receivables, but does not
constitute a valid transfer and assignment to the Trust of all right,
title and interest of the Seller in and to such property, or such
property will not be owned by the Trust free and clear of any Lien of
any Person claiming through or under the Seller; or

(iii) this Agreement or appropriate Assignment, as the case
may be, does not constitute a sale of such property, and it further does
not constitute a grant of a security interest (as defined in the UCC as
in effect in the State of New York) in such property to the Trust which
is enforceable with respect to existing Receivables and the proceeds
thereof upon execution and delivery of the Agreement or Assignment, and
which will be enforceable with respect to such Receivables hereafter or
thereafter created and the proceeds thereof upon such creation; or

(v) either the Seller or a Person claiming through or
under the Seller has any claim to or interest in any of the Investor
Accounts, other than (i) the interest of the Certificateholders and (ii)
if the Agreement or appropriate Assignment, as the case may be,
constitutes the grant of a security interest in such property, the
interest of the Seller in such property as a debtor for purposes of the
UCC as in effect in the State of New York; or

VII. Amendment to Section 2.05

Sections 2.05(b), (e) and (f) of the Agreement are amended
and restated in their entirety to read as follows:

(b) Credit Agreements. The Seller shall cause the
Servicer as its agent to service and administer the Accounts in a
particular state or similar jurisdiction in accordance with policies
identical to those used in servicing and administering the accounts of
Sears or one of its affiliates, as applicable, that are substantially
similar to the Accounts in such jurisdiction. The terms and provisions
of a Credit Agreement may be changed in any respect (including, without
limitation, the calculation of the amount, or the timing, of charge-
offs) only if such change is made applicable to the entire portfolio of
accounts of Sears or one of its affiliates, as applicable, that are
substantially similar to the Accounts, obligors of which are resident in
a particular affected state or similar jurisdiction and not only to the
Accounts.

(e) Receivables Not to be Evidenced by Promissory Notes. 
The Seller will take no action to cause any Receivable to be evidenced
by any instrument (as defined in the UCC as in effect in the State of
New York) except in connection with its enforcement or collection of an
Account.

(f) Notice to Trustee. Promptly upon receipt of notice by
any officer of the Seller that any liens (other than those contemplated
by this Agreement, by the Purchase Agreement and the Contribution
Agreement, each dated the Closing Date, between Sears and SRFG and the
agreement between Sears and the Bank regarding the assignment of
Accounts to the Bank and the sale of Receivables to Sears) have been
placed on the Receivables, the Seller or the Servicer shall notify the
Trustee of such liens.

VIII. Amendment to Section 3.01

Sections 3.01(b) and (d) of the Agreement are amended and
restated in their entirety to read as follows:

(b) The Servicer is hereby authorized in the name and on
behalf of the Trustee and the Seller, and agrees, to service and
administer the Receivables and collect payments due under such
Receivables in accordance with the customary and usual servicing
procedures used by it or its affiliates, as applicable, for servicing
credit receivables comparable to the Receivables and in accordance with
the Credit Guidelines, and acting alone or through any party designated
by it pursuant to Section 8.06, shall do any and all things in
connection with such servicing and administration which it may deem
necessary or desirable. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing and subject to Section 10.01, the Servicer is hereby
authorized and empowered (i) unless such power and authority is revoked
by the Trustee, to instruct the Trustee to make withdrawals and payments
from the Investor Accounts in accordance with such instructions as set
forth in this Agreement, (ii) to execute and deliver, or cause its
affiliates to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Trust for the
benefit of the Certificateholders but in its own name, or the name of
its affiliate, as applicable, without reference to the fact that it is
acting for the Trust, any and all instruments of satisfaction or
cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other
comparable instruments, with respect to the Receivables, (iii) after the
delinquency of any such Receivable and to the extent permitted under and
in compliance with applicable law and regulations, to commence
collection proceedings, or cause its affiliates to commence collection
proceedings, as applicable, with respect to such Receivables and (iv) to
make any filings, registrations with, and to seek any consents or
authorizations from the Securities and Exchange Commission and any
securities authority of any jurisdiction on behalf of the Trust as may
be necessary or advisable to comply with the securities or reporting
requirements laws of the United States or any state or other
jurisdiction. The Trustee agrees that it shall promptly follow the
written instructions of the Servicer to withdraw funds from the Investor
Accounts as required by this Agreement. The Trustee shall furnish the
Servicer or its affiliate, as applicable, with any powers of attorney
and other documents necessary or appropriate under the laws of any
jurisdiction with authority over the Receivables to enable the Servicer
to carry out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder.

(d) The Servicer and its affiliates shall under no
circumstances be obligated to use separate servicing procedures,
offices, employees or accounts for servicing Accounts from the
procedures, offices, employees and accounts used in connection with
servicing other accounts.

IX. Amendment to Section 3.03

Section 3.03(b) of the Agreement is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

(b) Portfolio Yield Covenant. Sears hereby covenants that
it will change, or cause its affiliates to change, the terms and
provisions of a Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, the
calculation of the amount, or the timing, of charge-offs) only if it
does not believe, after a good faith assessment of the expected effects
of such change, that such change will result in a reduction of the
Portfolio Yield, for any Due Period beginning prior to the termination
of the Seller's obligations and responsibilities with respect to the
Trust pursuant to Section 12.01 hereof, to less than the Certificate
Rate plus 1% per annum unless such change (i) is required by any
Requirement of Law or (ii) is deemed necessary by Sears or one of its
affiliates, as applicable, in its sole reasonable judgment to maintain
its credit card business on a competitive basis.

X. Amendment to Section 4.07

Section 4.07(a) of the Agreement is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

(a) With respect to any Receivable which was created as a
result of a fraudulent or counterfeit charge, the amount of such
Receivable shall be applied as a Collection in accordance with Section
4.03 and accounted for in accordance with the Credit Guidelines. To the
extent that the Servicer otherwise adjusts, reduces, modifies or cancels
a Receivable in accordance with the Credit Guidelines without receiving
cash or other payment therefor by the Obligor with respect to such
Receivable, the amount of any such adjustment resulting in a reduction
in Receivables shall be applied as a Collection in accordance with
Section 4.03, and the amount of any such adjustments resulting in an
increase in Receivables shall be deducted from amounts deemed
Collections pursuant to Article I hereof.

XI. Amendment to Section 9.01

The following paragraph is inserted immediately following
Section 9.01(m) of the Agreement:

(n) the Bank is the originator of any of the Receivables
and shall consent to the appointment of a conservator or receiver or
liquidator in any insolvency, readjustment of debt, marshalling of
assets and liabilities or similar proceedings of or relating to all or
substantially all of its property, or a decree or order of a court or
agency or supervisory authority having jurisdiction in the premises for
the appointment of a conservator or receiver or liquidator in any
insolvency, readjustment of debt, marshalling of assets and liabilities
or similar proceedings, or for the winding-up or liquidation of its
affairs, shall have been entered against the Bank and such decree or
order shall have remained in force undischarged or unstayed for a period
of 120 days; or the Bank shall admit in writing its inability to pay its
debts generally as they become due, file a petition to take advantage of
any applicable insolvency or reorganization statute, make an assignment
for the benefit of its creditors or voluntarily suspend payment of its
obligations;

The last clause immediately following Section 9.01(n) of the
Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

in the case of any event described in subparagraphs (a), (b), (h), (l),
(m) or (n) after the applicable grace period set forth in such
subparagraphs, if any, either the Trustee or the Holders of Investor
Certificates evidencing Fractional Undivided Interests aggregating not
less than 51% of the Invested Amount by notice then given in writing to
the Seller and the Servicer (and to the Trustee if given by the Investor
Certificateholders) may declare that an amortization event (an
"Amortization Event") has occurred as of the date of such notice, and in
the case of any event described in subparagraphs (c), (d), (e), (f),
(g), (i), (j) or (k), an Amortization Event shall occur without any
notice or other action on the part of the Trustee or the Investor
Certificateholders immediately upon the occurrence of such event. The
Seller (or the Servicer, with respect to an Amortization Event which
relates to the Servicer) shall give prompt notice to the Rating Agency
of the occurrence of any Amortization Event.

XII. Amendment to Exhibit A (Form of Investor Certificate)

The first paragraph on page A-1 is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

This certifies that (the "Investor
Certificateholder") is the registered owner of a Fractional Undivided
Interest in the Sears Credit Account Trust 1991 D (the "Trust"), the
corpus of which consists of a portfolio of receivables (the
"Receivables") existing as of the Cut-Off Date or thereafter created
under certain open-end retail charge plans for specified Persons (the
"Accounts") originated by Sears, Roebuck and Co., a New York corporation
("Sears") or an affiliate of Sears, which Receivables have been
transferred to Sears Receivables Financing Group, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("SRFG"), all monies due or to become due with respect
thereto, all proceeds (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial
Code as in effect in the State of New York) of such Receivables and
Insurance Proceeds, if any, relating thereto pursuant to a Pooling and
Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 15, 1991 (the "Pooling and
Servicing Agreement"), by and among Bank of America Illinois, an
Illinois banking corporation, as trustee (the "Trustee"), Sears as
Servicer and SRFG, a summary of certain of the pertinent provisions of
which is set forth herein below. Reference is hereby made to the
further provisions of this Investor Certificate set forth on the reverse
hereof, and such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same
effect as if set forth at this place.

The Trustee's signature line of page A-6 is amended to read: 
"Bank of America Illinois"

XIII. Amendment to Exhibit B (Form of Seller Certificate)

The first paragraph on page B-1 is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows: 

This certifies that Sears Receivables Financing Group, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation ("SRFG") is the registered owner of a Fractional
Undivided Interest in Sears Credit Account Trust 1991 D (the "Trust"),
the corpus of which consists of a portfolio of receivables (the
"Receivables") existing as of the Cut-Off Date or thereafter created
under certain open-end retail charge plans for specified Persons (the
"Accounts") originated by Sears, Roebuck and Co., a New York corporation
("Sears") or an affiliate of Sears, which Receivables have been
transferred to SRFG, all monies due or to become due with respect
thereto, all proceeds (as defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial
Code as in effect in the State of New York) of such Receivables and
Insurance Proceeds, if any, relating thereto pursuant to a Pooling and
Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 15, 1991 (the "Pooling and
Servicing Agreement"), by and among Bank of America Illinois, an
Illinois banking corporation, as trustee (the "Trustee"), Sears as
Servicer and SRFG, a summary of certain of the pertinent provisions of
which is set forth herein below. 

The Trustee's signature line of page B-4 is amended to read: 
"Bank of America Illinois"

XIV. Amendment to Exhibit C (Form of Assignment of Additional Accounts)

The Trustee's name in the lead-in paragraph on page C-1 is
amended to read as follows: "Bank of America Illinois, an Illinois
banking corporation"

Sections 3(a), (b) and (c) on pages C-2 and C-3 are amended
and restated in their entirety to read as follows:

3. Conveyance of Receivables. (a) The Seller hereby
sells, transfers, assigns and otherwise conveys to the Trust for the
benefit of the Certificateholders, without recourse on and after the
Additional Account Cut-Off Date, all right, title and interest of the
Seller in and to the Receivables then existing and thereafter created in
the Additional Accounts designated hereby, all monies due or to become
due or to become due with respect thereto, all proceeds (as defined in
Article 9 of the UCC as in effect in the State of New York) of such
Receivables and Insurance Proceeds, if any, relating thereto. In the
event such sale, transfer, assignment, or conveyance is deemed to create
a security interest in such property, the Seller does hereby grant to
the Trust a security interest therein.

(b) In connection with such sale, the Seller agrees to
record and file, at its own expense, a financing statement with respect
to the Receivables now existing and hereafter created in the Additional
Accounts designated hereby (which may be a single financing statement
with respect to all such Receivables) for the sale of accounts, general
intangibles or chattel paper as defined in Article 9 of the UCC as in
effect in the State of New York, meeting the requirements of applicable
state law in such manner and in such jurisdictions as are necessary to
perfect the sale and assignment of such Receivables to the Trust, and to
deliver a file-stamped copy of such financing statement or other
evidence of such filing (which may, for purposes of this Section 3,
consist of telephone confirmation of such filing) to the Trustee on or
prior to the date of this Assignment.

(c) In connection with such sale, the Seller further
agrees, at its own expense, on or prior to the date of this Assignment
to indicate, or to cause to be indicated, in the computer files of Sears
or one of its affiliates, as applicable, that Receivables created in
connection with the Additional Accounts designated hereby have been sold
to the Trustee pursuant to this Assignment for the benefit of the
Certificateholders.

The Trustee's signature line on page C-4 is amended to read: 
"Bank of America Illinois"

XV. Amendment to Exhibit E (Form of Monthly Servicer Certificate)

The Trustee's name in the lead-in paragraph on page E-1 is
amended to read as follows: "Bank of America Illinois, an Illinois
banking corporation"

XVI. Amendment to Exhibit F (Form of Annual Servicer
Certificate)

The Trustee's name in the lead-in paragraph on page F-1 is
amended to read as follows: "Bank of America Illinois, an Illinois
banking corporation"

XVII. Amendment to Exhibit G (Form of Monthly
Certificateholders' Statement)

The Trustee's name in the lead-in paragraph on page G-1 is
amended to read as follows: "Bank of America Illinois, an Illinois
banking corporation"

The Trustee's signature line on page G-5 is amended to read
as follows: "Bank of America Illinois"

XVIII. Amendment to Exhibit H (Provisions to be Included in Annual
Opinion of Counsel)

The opinion paragraph on page H-1 is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

With the filing of financing statements covering the
Receivables in the offices of the Secretaries of State of the State of
Illinois, the State of Delaware and the State of Arizona, the interests
of the Trustee in the Receivables has been duly perfected. No other
action is required to continue such perfection prior to the six-month
period preceding the fifth anniversary of the filing of such financing
statements.

XIX. Amendment to Exhibit I (Form of Reassignment of Receivables)

The Trustee's name in the lead-in paragraph on page I-1 is
amended to read as follows: "Bank of America Illinois, an Illinois
banking corporation"

The Trustee's signature line on page I-4 is amended to read
as follows: "Bank of America Illinois"

Section 3(a) on page I-2 is amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:

(a) The Trustee does hereby transfer, assign, set-over and
otherwise convey to the Seller, without recourse on and after the
Removal Date, all right, title and interest of the Trust in and to the
Receivables now existing and hereafter created in the Removed Accounts
designated hereby, all monies due or to become due with respect thereto
(including all Finance Charge Receivables), all proceeds (as defined in
Article 9 of the UCC as in effect in the State of Illinois or the State
of Arizona, as applicable) of such Receivables and Insurance Proceeds
relating thereto.

XX. Miscellaneous

Counterparts. This Second Supplemental Agreement may be
executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when so executed,
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

Governing Law. This Second Supplemental Agreement shall be
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York,
without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the
obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be
determined in accordance with such laws.

<PAGE>
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SRFG, Sears and the Trustee have caused
this Second Supplemental Agreement to be duly executed by their
respective officers as of September 15, 1994.

SEARS RECEIVABLES FINANCING GROUP, INC.
as Seller

By:/S/ NANCY M. HOUGHTON-LYNCH 
Name: Nancy M. Houghton-Lynch
Title: Vice President and
Treasurer

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.
as Servicer

By:/S/ ALICE M. PETERSON 
Name: Alice M. Peterson
Title: Vice President and
Treasurer

BANK OF AMERICA ILLINOIS
as Trustee

By:/S/ GREG JORDAN 
Name: Greg Jordan
Title: Vice President
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT 99(c)

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.

and

SEARS RECEIVABLES
FINANCING GROUP, INC.

SUPPLEMENTAL PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Dated as of September 15, 1994

amending

PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Dated as of October 3, 1991

______________________________________

SEARS CREDIT ACCOUNT TRUST 1991 D

<PAGE>
RECITALS

WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into that certain
Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 3, 1991 (the "Agreement"), by
and between Sears, Roebuck and Co., a New York corporation ("Sears") and
Sears Receivables Financing Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("SRFG");

WHEREAS, the parties desire to effect certain amendments to
the Agreement pursuant to Section 7.02 thereof.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT WITNESSETH that,
for and in consideration of the above premises, Sears and SRFG agree as
follows:

IV. Definitions

The definitions in the Agreement are amended to read as set
forth in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, as amended on the date
hereof, except for the terms set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

V. Amendment to "Eligible Receivable"

The term "Eligible Receivable" in the Agreement is amended
and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

"Eligible Receivable" shall mean each Receivable: (i) which is payable
in United States dollars, (ii) which was created in compliance, in all
material respects, with all Requirements of Law applicable to Sears or
one of its affiliates, as applicable, and SRFG and pursuant to a Credit
Agreement which complies, in all material respects, with all
Requirements of Law applicable to Sears or one of its affiliates, as
applicable, and SRFG, (iii) as to which the conveyance of such
Receivable to SRFG, Sears will have good and marketable title thereto
free and clear of all Liens, and (iv) which constitutes an "account,"
"general intangible" or "chattel paper" under and as defined in Article
9 of the UCC as then in effect in the State of New York.

VI. Amendment to Section 4.01

Section 4.01 of the Agreement is amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:

Section 4.01 Computer Files Marked. Sears shall, at its
own expense, on or prior to the date hereof, indicate in its computer
files or in the computer files of its affiliates, as applicable, that
Receivables created in connection with the Accounts have been sold or
otherwise conveyed to SRFG pursuant to this Agreement and the
Contribution Agreement and deliver to SRFG (or to the Trustee on SRFG's
behalf), a computer file, hard copy or microfiche list containing a true
and complete list of all such Accounts, identified by account number.

VII. Amendment to Section 5.03

Sections 5.03 of the Agreement is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

Section 5.03 Credit Agreements and Guidelines. Sears shall
service and administer the Accounts in a particular state or similar
jurisdiction in accordance with policies identical to those used in
servicing and administering the accounts of Sears or one of its
affiliates, as applicable, that are substantially similar to the
Accounts in such jurisdiction. The terms and provisions of a Credit
Agreement may be changed in any respect (including, without limitation,
the calculation of the amount, or the timing, of charge-offs) only if
such change is made applicable to the entire portfolio of accounts of
Sears or one of its affiliates, as applicable, that are substantially
similar to the Accounts, obligors of which are resident in a particular
affected state or similar jurisdiction, and not only to Accounts.

VIII.Amendment to Annex A (Form of Additional Assignment)

Section 3(c) of Annex A is amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:

(c) In connection with such sale, Sears further agrees, at
its own expense, on or prior to the date of this Additional Assignment
to indicate, or to cause to be indicated, in Sears computer files or in
the computer files of an affiliate of Sears, as applicable, that
Receivables created in connection with the Additional Accounts
designated hereby have been sold to SRFG pursuant to this Additional
Assignment.

IX. Miscellaneous

Counterparts. This Supplemental Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be
deemed to be an original, but all of which shall together constitute but
one and the same instrument.

Governing Law. This Supplemental Agreement shall be
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois,
without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the
obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be
determined in accordance with such laws.
<PAGE>
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Sears and SRFG have caused this
Supplemental Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers
as of September 15, 1994.

SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.

By:/S/ ALICE M. PETERSON 
Name: Alice M. Peterson
Title: Vice President and
Treasurer

SEARS RECEIVABLES FINANCING GROUP, INC.

By:/S/ NANCY M. HOUGHTON-LYNCH 
Name: Nancy M. Houghton-Lynch
Title: Vice President and
Treasurer

<PAGE>
EXHIBIT A

"Add-ons"

"Additional Assignment"

"Agreement"

"Contributed Receivables"

"Contribution Agreement"

"Pooling and Servicing Agreement"

"Portfolio Repurchase Event"

"Principal Receivable"

"Receivables Purchase Price"

"Seller Monthly Servicing Fee"
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>