<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000714612-94-000002.txt : 19940408
<IMS-HEADER>0000714612-94-000002.hdr.sgml : 19940408
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000714612-94-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940314
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CCB FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000714612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	6022
		IRS NUMBER:				561347849
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12358
		FILM NUMBER:		94520683

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 CORCORAN ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 931
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27702
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9196837777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 CORCORAN STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 931
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27702
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>LEGAL SUIT REGARDING GRAHAM ACQUISITION
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) March 14, 1994

CCB Financial Corporation
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

North Carolina 0-12358 56-1347849
(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File (IRS Employer
of incorporation) Number) Identification No.)

111 Corcoran Street, Post Office Box 931, Durham, NC 27702
(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (919) 683-7777

N/A
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Item 5. Other Events.

The Registrant's acquisition of Graham Savings
Bank, SSB, Graham, North Carolina ("Graham"),
pursuant to a simultaneous Conversion/Acquisition,
was consummated October 1, 1993. Thereafter two
members of Graham petitioned the
Administrator, North Carolina Savings Institutions
Division ("Administrator"), for a public hearing
protesting the Conversion/Acquisition. The
request for a public hearing and a Stay of the
proceedings was denied by the Administrator on
December 9, 1993. Such decision was
reviewed by the North Carolina Savings
Institutions Commission on December 13, 1993 and
the Commission refused to overturn the
Administrator's decision. On December 28, 1993
the two protesting members of Graham filed a
petition for judicial review and request for a
Stay with the North Carolina Superior Court in
Alamance County. Additionally, on March 14, 1994
the two protesting members sought and obtained a
Temporary Restraining Order against the
Registrant and Graham which halted the data
processing conversion of the accounts at Graham
scheduled for March 21, 1994. On March 21, 1994 through 
March 23, 1994, a hearing was held by the North Carolina
Superior Court in Alamance County regarding the requests
for judicial review of the denial of the
Petitioner's request for a public hearing. By Order
dated March 24, 1994, the North Carolina Superior
Court affirmed the decision of the Administrator,
thereby denying the Petitioner's request for
judicial review and removing the Temporary
Restraining Order placed in effect on March 14,
1994. Registrant and Graham are now free to
effect the data processing conversion previously
scheduled for March 21, 1994.

In connection with the Temporary Restraining Order
placed into effect on March 14, 1994, the two
protesting members filed a civil Complaint in the
General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division
in Alamance County against Registrant, Graham and
the individual members of the Board of Directors
of Graham and, as a derivative Defendant, Graham
Savings Bank, SSB, the mutual form of Graham
prior to the October 1, 1993 Conversion/Acquisition.
The relief sought in the Complaint is injunctive relief 
staying any further acts by Registrant and Graham to further
the acquisition of Graham by Registrant, the recision
of the Conversion/Acquisition, declaring the
transaction null and void and unspecified money
damages. The Complaint alleges breach of
fiduciary duty by the directors and officers of
Graham and that the Conversion/Acquisition was
defective due to certain violations of North
Carolina law. The Complaint also alleges
violations of the United States Constitution and
specified federal statutes. On March 21, 1994 the
Registrant, Graham and the individual members of
the Board of Directors named as defendants
obtained removal of the suit from the North Carolina
Superior Court to the United States District Court for the
Middle District of North Carolina. Such action is
pending in said United States District Court.

The Registrant and Graham and the individual
members of the Board of Directors intend to
vigorously defend the action and believe the
action is without merit. Pursuant to the terms of
the Acquisition Agreement by and between Graham
and the Registrant, the Registrant has undertaken
to indemnify the individual members of the Board
of Directors of Graham from and against any and
all liability and the litigation expense
(including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out
of the civil proceeding described above.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c) Exhibits

Exhibit 99.1 Civil action dated March 14, 1994

Exhibit 99.2 Press Release issued March 24, 1994

Exhibit 99.3 Removal petition from the North Carolina Superior
Court to the United States District Court for the
Middle District of North Carolina

Exhibit 99.4 Order in the Matter of a Petition for Judicial Review
by Maurice J. Koury and Cary B. Allred

<PAGE>

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CCB FINANCIAL CORPORATION

Date: April 7, 1994 By: /s/ W. Harold Parker, Jr.
W. Harold Parker, Jr.
Senior Vice President
and Controller

<PAGE>
EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Per
Regulation S-K Description

Exhibit 99.1 Civil action dated March 14, 1994

Exhibit 99.2 Press Release dated March 24, 1994

Exhibit 99.3 Removal petition from the North Carolina Superior
Court to the United States District Court for the
Middle District of North Carolina

Exhibit 99.4 Order in the Matter of a Petition for Judicial Review 
by Maurice J. Koury and Cary B. Allred

<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>COMPLAINT FILED RE:GRAHAM
<TEXT>
NORTH CAROLINA GENERAL COURT OF JUSTICE
SUPERIOR COURT DIVISION 
ALAMANCE COUNTY FILE NO. __________ 

MAURICE J. KOURY and ) 
CARY D. ALLRED, ) 
Plaintiffs )
)
v. ) COMPLAINT 
)
GRAHAM SAVINGS BANK, INC., SSB; )
CCB FINANCIAL CORPORATION; ) 
A. C. MOTSINGER; )
SARAH G. JOHNSTON; ) 
FORREST C. HALL; ) 
J. WORTH RICH; )
WILLIAM R. SIZEMORE; ) 
JAMES R. GUTHRIE, ) 
Defendants and ) 
)
GRAHAM SAVINGS BANK, SSB, )
Derivative Defendant ) JURY TRIAL REQUESTED 
) 

Plaintiffs, complaining of defendants, allege and say: 

1. Plaintiffs are citizens and residents of Alamance 
County, North Carolina, and are two of the members and 
owners of Graham Savings Bank, SSB. 

2. Defendant Graham Savings Bank, Inc., SSB (Graham 
Inc.), claims to be, but is not, by reason of the illegal 
actions as alleged herein, a North Carolina corporation with 
its principal office and place of business in Alamance 
County, North Carolina. It is named as a defendant in this 
suit in its purported and assumed capacity as a corporation. 

<PAGE>

3. Defendant CCB Financial Corporation (CCB) is a North 
Carolina corporation with its principal office and place of 
business in Durham County, North Carolina. 

4. Graham Savings Bank, SSB (herein Graham SSB), is an 
unincorporated association and mutual savings bank organized 
under the laws of North Carolina, and plaintiffs bring this 
action for themselves individually and derivatively in the 
right of Graham SSB to recover a judgment in its favor. 

5. The individual defendants are citizens and residents 
of Alamance County, North Carolina, and were officers and/or 
directors of Graham SSB, the derivative defendant named 
herein, at the time of the wrongs complained of herein, and, 
upon information and belief, are directors of defendant 
Graham Inc., controlling it at this time under the direction 
of defendant CCB. 

6. Defendants Graham Inc. and CCB, purportedly acting by 
the authority of the North Carolina Savings Institutions 
Division and its Administrator, Robert A. Jacobsen, have 
gone forward with a so-called Plan of Conversion and 
Acquisition (herein the Plan) by which Graham SSB purports 
to have converted to a stock owned corporation and 
simultaneously been acquired by CCB pursuant to G.S. 54C-33 
and G.S. 54C195. The purpose of the Plan was to grossly 
enrich the individual defendants and CCB to the detriment of 
Graham SSB, its depositors and plaintiffs, as hereinafter 
alleged. 

2
<PAGE>

7. The defendants, together with Jacobsen, who acted 
illegally under color of his office, conspired and acted 
wrongfully to deprive plaintiffs individually and Graham SSB 
of constitutional and other rights as hereinafter alleged. 

8. References herein to defendants will refer to both 
corporate and individual defendants (except the derivative 
defendant) unless otherwise specified. Said corporate and 
individual defendants were participants in the acts alleged 
or aided and abetted them by inaction with full knowledge of 
what was occurring. 

9. Plaintiffs, through personal appeals to the 
individual defendants, sought to stop the matters herein 
complained but were refused. Plaintiffs have not made an 
effort to have the officers and directors of Graham SSB 
institute this action on behalf of Graham SSB because said 
officers and directors are the very ones whose conduct 
damaged the bank as alleged herein and who benefitted 
greatly from the conduct alleged. Plaintiffs therefore 
allege that any efforts to secure the initiation of this 
action by the foregoing officers and directors would be 
unreasonable and a vain act. 

10. The officers and directors of Graham SSB were 
subject to the provisions of G.S. 54C-103 which provides: 

Officers and directors of a State savings bank shall act 
in a fiduciary capacity towards the savings bank and its 
members or stockholders. They shall discharge duties of 
their respective positions in good faith, and with that 
diligence and care which ordinarily prudent persons would 
exercise under similar circumstances in like positions. 

3 
<PAGE>

11. The officers and directors of Graham SSB were also 
subject to G.S. 54C-104 which provides: 

Each director, officer, and employee of a State savings 
bank has a fundamental duty to avoid placing himself in a 
position which creates, or which leads to or could lead 
to a conflict of interest or appearance of a conflict of 
interest having adverse effects on the interests of 
members, customers, or stockholders of the savings bank, 
soundness of the savings bank, and the purposes of this 
Chapter. 

12. The officers and directors of Graham SSB were also 
subject to the provisions of administrative regulations in 4 
NCAC 16E.0103(b) which provides: "(b) A director shall not 
vote on any matter in which he has a personal or financial 
interest." 

13. In 1992 the defendants, as officers and directors of 
Graham SSB, in preparation for the acts of self-interest 
hereinafter alleged, submitted to Graham's membership and 
obtained by voting general proxies a favorable vote for a 
change of Graham SSB from a federally regulated mutual 
savings association to a state regulated mutual savings 
bank. Upon information and belief, the purpose of the 
officers and directors in effectuating this change was to 
place the regulation of Graham SSB under the authority of 
the Commission and Jacobsen, and thereby take Graham SSB 
from under the supervision and control of the U.S. Office of 
Thrift Supervision, the regulations and policies of which 
were known to be much stricter than the lenient policies of 
Jacobsen and the Commission in supervising payment of 
unreasonable sums to officers and directors of savings 

4 
<PAGE>

institutions when their institutions converted from mutual 
to stock ownership. 

14. After the transformation of Graham SSB from a 
federally chartered mutual savings and loan to a state 
chartered mutual savings, the officers and directors of 
Graham SSB began negotiations with defendant CCB, a publicly 
traded holding company of various banking entities in North 
Carolina. These negotiations contemplated conversion of 
Graham SSB from a state chartered mutual savings bank to the 
stock form of ownership as allowed by G.S. 54C-33, and 
simultaneous acquisition of all of Graham Inc.'s new stock 
by CCB. To assist them in this purpose, the officers and 
directors of Graham SSB employed Ronald D. Raxter, Esq., and 
his law firm of Ward and Smith. Upon information and belief, 
until a short time previous Mr. Raxter had been legal 
counsel and adviser to Administrator Jacobsen and had been 
instrumental in obtaining the passage of the legislation 
which purported to allow immediate acquisition by a holding 
company of all of the stock of mutual savings banks when the 
savings institution converted to stock ownership. Upon 
information and belief, throughout the events alleged herein 
the actions of the Administrator and therefore the Savings 
Institutions Division were effectively controlled and 
directed by Ward and Smith on behalf of its clients. 

15. On May 5, 1993, the Board of Directors of Graham SSB 
approved a plan of conversion to a stock form of ownership 
pursuant to G.S. 54C-33 and immediate acquisition 

5 
<PAGE>

of all of Graham Inc.'s stock by CCB pursuant to G.S. 
54C-195 (herein the "Plan" or "Plan of Conversion and 
Acquisition"). Upon information and belief the primary 
purpose of the Board of Directors was for each of them, 
along with other insiders of Graham SSB, with the assistance 
of Jacobsen, to profit in a grossly inequitable fashion to 
the detriment of plaintiffs and Graham SSB, and the approval 
of the Plan by defendant directors was in violation of the 
fiduciary obligations of the officers and directors of 
Graham SSB as set forth in G.S. 54C-103 and G.S. 54C-104, 
the statutes set out above. 

16. Further the Plan of Conversion and Acquisition was 
grossly inequitable to plaintiffs and Graham SSB in that the 
officers and directors of Graham SSB, together with CCB, 
received grossly inequitable gains and advantages by reason 
thereof, all in violation of G.S. 54C-33(c)(3) and G.S. 54C-
195(c)(v). G.S. 54C-33 provides that in order for the 
Administrator to approve a plan of conversion of a mutual to 
a stock savings bank it must appear that, "the conversion 
will be fair and equitable to the members of the savings 
bank and no person whether member, employee, or otherwise, 
will receive any inequitable gain or advantage by reason of 
the conversion." G.S. 54C-195(c)(v) provides that when a 
holding company simultaneously acquires the shares of a 
savings bank when the savings bank converts to the stock 
form of ownership, "the plan of reorganization [must be] 
fair and equitable to all members of the savings bank." 

6 
<PAGE>

17. The Plan of Conversion and Acquisition provided to 
CCB grossly inequitable gain and advantage by reason of the 
fact that it obtained a state savings institution with a net 
worth of $20,000,000 with an outlay of no more than 
$6,730,000, none of which inured to the benefit of 
plaintiffs or Graham SSB.(1) No benefit was to go to 
plaintiffs or Graham SSB except an alleged benefit by which 
plaintiffs and other owners were allowed to purchase CCB 
stock at discounts of 5 to 15% off market price, provided 
the stock so purchased was restricted from resale for 
stipulated periods of time. By such alleged benefit CCB, in 
truth, benefitted itself, because the proceeds from the sale 
of such stock then became available to CCB to cover its cost 
in acquiring Graham SSB. 

18. The Plan of Conversion and Acquisition as 
purportedly approved by Commissioner Jacobsen on August 13, 
1993, provided to the directors and officers gross 
inequitable gains and advantage, to the exclusion of 
plaintiffs and Graham SSB, in violation of G.S. 54C-33 and 
G.S. 54C-195 in many respects, including, but not limited 
to, the following: 

(a) Outright grants of stock of CCB in the sum of 
$3,000,000, and payment of income taxes thereon in the sum 
of 

(1) Based on information provided depositors it cannot be 
determined exactly what the transaction was to cost CCB, but 
based on CCB's prospectus $6,730,000 appears to be an amount 
CCB might claim. This would apparently include $1,000,000 to 
be paid Alamance County charities over a five year period as 
part of the consideration for Graham's assets. 

7 
<PAGE>

an additional $1,080,000, were to be made to six directors 
of Graham SSB and five other officers. Defendant Board 
Chairman A. C. Motsinger was to receive, net of taxes, stock 
valued at $780,000, and defendant Sarah G. Johnston was to 
receive, net of taxes, stock valued at $660,000. The other 
individual defendants herein were to receive as members of 
the Board of Directors outright grants of stock as follows: 
Forrest C. Hall, $240,000; William R. Sizemore, $240,000; J. 
Worth Rich, $240,000; James R. Guthrie, $150,000. 

(b) Large projected annual salary increases and bonuses 
were provided to five executive officers, including 
Motsinger and Johnston; Motsinger and Johnston were given 
five year contracts for compensation which increased from 
$94,200 and $83,450 to $182,000 and $137,000 respectively, 
plus fringe benefits for both and bonuses for Johnston. 

(c) Increases in fees paid directors for attendance at 
meetings went from $5,400 annually to $12,000 annually, for 
a total annual increase of $39,800. 

(d) Additional fringe benefits were promised in 
unspecified amounts. 

(e) A contract to pay A. C. Motsinger, commencing at the 
end of his five year employment contract, retirement 
payments equal to $90,000 per year for a period of ten 
years, or $900,000. 

(f) Retirement benefits to directors in sums of $6,000 
to $12,000 annually for ten years. 

8 
<PAGE>

(g) Incentive stock options whereby defendant officers 
and directors of Graham SSB were granted the right to 
purchase an estimated 52,288 shares of CCB stock over a ten 
year period for an option exercise price of $38.25, which 
was the then current market price of CCB's publicly traded 
stock. 

(h) Distribution of Graham SSB's profit sharing funds to 
employees of $1,756,512, including $453,522 to A. C. 
Motsinger, and enrollment of the other employees in CCB's 
defined benefit plan as if they had been in such plan since 
the date of their employment with Graham SSB. 

19. On July 3, 1993, the officers and directors of 
Graham SSB caused to be placed in the Daily Times News, a 
newspaper in Alamance County, a 3 3/4 inch advertisement 
purporting to give notice that Graham SSB had filed an 
application with the Administrator of the Savings 
Institutions Division to convert to the stock form of 
organization. EXHIBIT 1. Said notice was designed to be 
inconspicuous and it did not disclose and thereby concealed 
that Graham SSB expected, upon converting to a stock form of 
organization, to be acquired immediately by CCB. 

20. On August 13, 1993, at the request of Ward and 
Smith, the Administrator wrote a letter to Mr. Raxter at 
Ward and Smith purporting to give his approval to the Plan 
of Conversion and Acquisition and to allow mailing of proxy 
materials and prospectuses in connection therewith. The 
approval by the Administrator violated G.S. 54C-33(c)(3) and 

9 
<PAGE>

G.S. 54C-195(c)(v) in that he made no finding that the 
conversion was fair and equitable to the members, no finding 
that no person would receive any inequitable gain or 
advantage, and no finding that the Plan is fair and 
equitable to all members of the savings bank. Upon 
information and belief, the defendants and the Administrator 
knew said approval was defective and violative of North 
Carolina statutes. 

21. Plaintiffs received the proxy statement describing 
the Plan shortly after August 19, 1993. Thereafter, 
plaintiffs repeatedly objected to the Plan and to the 
procedure whereby management of Graham SSB sought its 
approval. Further, plaintiff Allred, as was his right under 
the statutes and regulations, voiced his opposition to the 
plan in newspaper and mail communications regulated by 
Jacobsen. A detailed account of these contacts by plaintiffs 
with the Administrator is provided by an Affidavit of Cary 
Allred which is attached as Exhibit D to the Amended 
Petition for Judicial Review filed in this Court in No. 
93-CVS-2736. Nonetheless, the Administrator wrongfully 
allowed defendants to go forward with the Plan and on 
September 21, 1993, defendants claim to have achieved 
acceptance of the plan by the members of Graham SSB by a 
favorable vote of 53% of its members, a vote in excess of 
50% of all members (including those who did not vote) being 
required for acceptance. 

22. Upon information and belief, said vote of 53% was 
not in fact achieved, but whatever vote was achieved by 
defendants occurred in various unlawful ways which are 

10 
<PAGE>

specifically described in plaintiffs' Second Amended 
Request for Public Hearing, filed as an exhibit to 
plaintiffs' Amended Petition for Judicial Review in this 
Court, No. 93-CVS-2736, and which include, but are not 
limited to: 

(a) Illegal use of general proxies by defendants in 
violation of their fiduciary duties, including but not 
limited to the illegal use of general proxies obtained after 
the conversion and acquisition plan was in process, in 
violation of Regulation NCAC 16G.0512(b) which prohibits the 
use of proxies obtained "pursuant" to the Plan; upon 
information and belief, at least 425 of such general proxies 
obtained pursuant to the Plan after May 15, 1993, (and the 
Plan was in process by March 30, 1993, or earlier) were 
voted by defendants for the Plan and some general proxies 
were voted which were obtained even after August 19, 1993, 
when the proxy statement was mailed. 

(b) Despite the fact that, upon information and belief, 
more than 150 special proxies and proxy statements mailed to 
owners were returned undelivered, defendants, upon 
information and belief, caused to be voted many general 
proxies of persons whose proxy statements were returned 
undelivered, in violation of Regulation NCAC 16G.0512(d) 
which requires that a proxy statement be furnished each 
person for whom a general proxy is voted; and, upon 
information and belief, it is impossible to determine how 
many such general proxies were voted, and the number of 
votes they represented, but upon information and belief, 79 
or more 

11 
<PAGE>

were so voted, and the returned proxy statements have been 
destroyed or lost by defendants so that an accurate 
determination of how many votes in favor of the Plan were 
voted in that way is impossible to determine. 

(c) Misrepresentations and nondisclosures in the proxy 
statement and in advertisements by management in the news 
media, including but not limited to: 

(1) A specific representation that members of a 
savings institution are not its owners, which representation 
was directly contrary to G.S. 54C-100, but approved by 
Jacobsen; 

(2) A flat statement that after a stand alone 
conversion a stock savings bank could not negotiate a sale 
of stock to an interested buyer for three years, without any 
explanation of significant legal exceptions to that 
statement; 

(3) The form of special proxy forms used by 
defendants for the September 21, 1993, meeting and approved 
by Jacobsen was not in compliance with regulation NCAC 
16G.0512 in that the form did not indicate in bold face that 
the proxy was solicited on behalf of management. 

(d) Defendants amended the Plan less than twenty-four 
hours before the meeting of members called to vote on the 
Plan. The amendment was illegally approved by the 
Administrator on September 21, 1993, over the stringent 
objection of plaintiff Allred, the very day of the meeting 
of members. The amendment was hastily passed by the Board of 

12 
<PAGE>

Directors of Graham SSB in the late afternoon of September 
20, 1993, because it was apparent that a letter mailed by 
plaintiff Allred to the members opposing the Plan on 
September 17 and other statements by members in opposition, 
were having a marked effect and that the Plan was likely to 
fail of enactment. The September 20 amendment to the Plan 
was that Graham SSB would deposit in the account of each 
member funds amounting to 1 1/4% of said members' accounts 
(which, upon information and belief, would be 1 1/4% of the 
$93,000,000 total deposits on October 1, 1993), and an 
additional 1% in the same members' accounts if they remained 
depositors on July 1, 1994, but not to exceed 1% of the 
amount on deposit in any account as of October 1, 1993. The 
five year employment contracts of Motsinger and Johnston 
were reduced to $135,000 and $100,000, respectively, and the 
stock grants to officers and directors were reduced from 
S3,000,000 net of taxes [15% of Graham SSB's value] to 
$1,500,000 net of taxes [7.5% of Graham SSB value]. The 
terms of the September 20 amendment were used by management 
to telephone and call personally on members seeking, on the 
basis of those terms, to get members to change their 
proxies, where they had voted against adoption of the Plan, 
or to submit proxies in favor of the Plan, where they had 
not previously voted. Upon information and belief management 
used inside information, not available to plaintiffs, as to 
how proxies previously received had been voted in making 
their calls on September 20 and 21. Said illegal amendment 
to the plan on the eve of the 

13 
<PAGE>

meeting of members, and its use, unconstitutionally and 
illegally deprived plaintiffs of their rights to a fair vote 
of the membership. 

Plaintiff Allred was called by Anthony Gaeta, of Ward 
and Smith, to meet defendant Forrest Hall, Richard Furr, 
Vice President of Operations for CCB, and Gaeta on the 
afternoon of September 20, 1993. The persons in that meeting 
stated to Mr. Allred, in substance, that the amendment to 
the Plan extending additional benefits to the members of 
Graham SSB was due to the opposition of plaintiff Allred to 
the Plan. On the basis of the amendment plaintiff Allred was 
asked to join with the Board in recommending the Plan. 
Plaintiff Allred, recognizing that the Plan was still not 
fair and equitable to members and did not cure the 
violations of G.S. 54C-33(c)(3) and G.S. 54C-195(c)(5), 
refused to endorse the amendment to the Plan. Early the 
following morning plaintiff Allred communicated to counsel 
for the Administrator his strong objection to the 
Administrator's approval of the amendment and to the 
allowance of the vote on the same day, but nonetheless the 
Administrator through counsel approved, upon application of 
Ward and Smith, the amendment later on the mid-morning of 
September 21, 1993, the same day of the meeting of members 
for the vote. EXHIBIT 2. 

The last minute amendment was not described in any proxy 
statement or in any other written communication sent to all 
members. Its deliberate use and the activities relating 
thereto by the individual defendants and CCB and the 
approval by the Administrator, deprived plaintiffs and 
Graham SSB of 
14 
<PAGE>

their rights under the Due Process and Equal Protection 
Clauses of the 14th Amendment to the United States 
Constitution and Article I, SECTION 19 of the North Carolina 
Constitution, deprived plaintiffs and Graham SSB of rights 
pursuant to 42 U.S.C. SECTION 1983, and deprived plaintiffs and 
Graham SSB of their rights pursuant to the Administrator's 
Regulations set forth in 4 NCAC 16G.0509 through .0516, 
specifically including but not limited to 4 NCAC 16G.0514 
which provides that any member, upon defraying reasonable 
expenses, can require an applicant, such as Graham SSB, to 
mail to such members copies of any communication or form of 
proxy opposing the applicant's plan. Obviously, the 
September 20, 1993, amendment to the plan, approved by the 
Administrator on September 21, 1993, deprived plaintiffs 
individually and Graham SSB derivatively of their rights 
pursuant to the foregoing regulation. All effective 
opposition to the amended Plan was thus wrongfully 
precluded. 

23. On September 21, 1993, plaintiffs appeared at the 
owners' meeting and voiced their objection to the Plan, to 
the last minute amendment thereof, and to the vote being 
taken in light of that amendment. 

24. On September 28, 1993, plaintiff Allred, accompanied 
by counsel for himself and plaintiff Koury, visited the 
offices of the Administrator and voiced objections to the 
entire transaction, including the matters set forth above. 
Counsel for the Administrator, David C. 

15 
<PAGE>

Worth, Esq., was told that plaintiffs Allred and Koury were 
preparing to file documents challenging the transaction. 
Regulations 4 NCAC 16A.0401, and .0403 of the North Carolina 
Administrative Code provide, in .0401: 

Whenever the Administrator acts in such a way as to 
affect the rights, duties or privileges of a specific 
identified party, the party may appeal for a final 
decision by the Administrator in accordance with Article 
3A of G.S. 150B. 

In .0403 the Regulations provide: 

(a) Form or Request. A request for an administrative 
hearing must be in writing and must contain the following 
information: 

(1) name and address of the person requesting the 
hearing, 

(2) a concise statement of the action by the 
Administrator that is being challenged, 

(3) a concise statement of the manner in which the 
petitioner is aggrieved, and 

(4) a clear and specific demand for a public hearing, 

(b) Address for Request. The request for hearing shall 
be filed with the Division at its mailing address. 

25. The foregoing regulations are based upon G.S. 54C- 
52 which provides: 

* * * * 
(b) The Commission may review, approve, disapprove, or 
modify any action taken by the Administrator in the 
exercise of the powers, duties, and functions granted to 
the Administrator by this Chapter. 

26. At the meeting on September 28 counsel for 
plaintiffs Allred and Koury asked counsel for the 
Administrator, David C. Worth, Esq., when he should submit 

16 
<PAGE>

the documents to the Commission opposing the Administrator's 
actions in order for them to be timely. Mr. Worth stated 
that he understood the attorneys for the banks wanted to get 
their documents in by October 1, and that his office had to 
review the sufficiency of their filings. Thus, he said, it 
would be a week or so before the Administrator would act 
upon the banks' filings. Therefore, he said that filing of 
plaintiffs' request for public hearing by the first of the 
following week would be timely and that he would consider it 
and render a written decision before the Administrator 
certified the completion of the Plan of Conversion and 
Acquisition. At no time did Mr. Worth intimate in any way 
that the Administrator would (as he did) sign any document 
purportedly certifying the transaction, or any part thereof, 
on September 30, 1993, the same day the banks made some of 
the filings said to be required by the Administrator. In 
fact, on September 30 counsel for the Administrator sent 
copies of the documents which plaintiffs' counsel had 
requested on September 28, 1993, for plaintiffs' purpose in 
filing a Request for Public Hearing on behalf of plaintiffs. 
The same day, September 30, without notice to plaintiffs, 
contrary to the conversations on September 28, the 
Administrator purported to sign a document, presented to him 
by Ward and Smith, approving the amendment of the charter of 
Graham SSB from that of a mutual to a stock savings bank. 
EXHIBIT 3. Upon information and belief Administrator 
Jacobsen signed said document purporting to amend Graham 

17 
<PAGE>

SSB's charter without examining the documents for 
sufficiency, said by his attorney to be needed, in order to 
aid and abet defendants in attempting to deprive plaintiffs 
of their rights to contest the approval of the Plan. 

27. On Monday, October 4, 1993, the next working day 
from the receipt by attorneys for plaintiffs of the 
documents requested, a Request for Public Hearing on behalf 
of plaintiffs was filed. 

28. The original Request for Public Hearing, filed 
October 4, 1993, set out the matters complained of, asked 
that all previous proceedings in the proposed conversion and 
acquisition be voided, and prayed that no further actions be 
taken which would permit the conversion and acquisition to 
go forward. Although the original Request for Public Hearing 
was thus already a request for stay, a formal motion for 
stay was filed by plaintiffs on October 15, 1993. 

29. NCAC 16A.0402 provides that, before acting upon a 
request for public hearing, the Administrator should hold a 
settlement conference. On October 13, 1993, the 
Administrator held a purported settlement conference at 
which appeared counsel for plaintiffs Koury and Allred, the 
Administrator and his counsel, and attorneys from the firm 
of Ward and Smith. Settlement was not reached at said 
conference. 

30. In November the Administrator requested briefing on 
the legal questions involved, briefs were filed on behalf of

18 
<PAGE>

plaintiffs and opposing letter briefs were filed by Ward and 
Smith. 

31. Upon information and belief, in November Jacobsen 
learned of the voting irregularities alleged above involving 
the use of at least 425 general proxies obtained pursuant to 
the Plan, the destruction of returned proxy mailings so that 
there could be no determination of how many general proxies 
were voted illegally, the change of numerous votes pursuant 
to the September 20, 1993, Plan amendment, and other 
irregularities. Upon information and belief these matters, 
unknown until recently by plaintiffs, were discussed with 
defendant Johnston and others, and formed a principal 
motivation for the denial by the Administrator of the public 
hearing requested by plaintiffs. 

32. On December 9 the Administrator issued his ruling, 
EXHIBIT 4 hereto, which was left unchanged by the 
Commission, as announced in the letter attached to EXHIBIT 4 
from William D. Hoover, Chairman, dated December 15, 1993, 
and received by plaintiffs on December 22, 1993. The ruling 
issued by the Administrator reflected the arguments in the 
letter brief by Ward and Smith, and the decision by the 
Commission was in line with the positions expressed by Ward 
and Smith. 

33. Pursuant to G.S. 150B-43, plaintiffs have the right 
to review in this Court. 

34. On and after September 30, 1993, defendants 
proceeded, in spite of plaintiffs' Request for Public 
Hearing, and in spite of plaintiffs' Petition for Judicial 

19 
<PAGE>

Review, as if the Plan of Conversion and Acquisition was 
properly approved and in effect. In fact, because of all the 
illegalities previously stated herein and in addition 
because of the following the defendants have no authority to 
proceed at all because: 

(a) G.S. 54C-33 provides that following certification of 
the vote by an appropriate officer of the savings bank, "the 
Administrator shall then either approve or disapprove the 
requested conversion." There has here been no valid 
certification of the vote and the Administrator therefore 
could not give approval of the requested conversion. Dorn C. 
Pittman, a Burlington attorney, filed a vote certification, 
denominated as such but expressly disclaimed in said vote 
certification any certification on his part other than that 
the votes furnished him were counted accurately. EXHIBIT 5. 
Mr. Pittman did not certify, nor has there been any 
certification, that the votes counted either by general 
proxy or special proxy were votes by persons entitled to 
vote, or cast for the number of votes to which each was 
entitled. 

(b) The form signed by the Administrator on September 
30, 1993, does not even purport to do anything other than 
approve the amendment of Graham SSB's charter to allow it to 
be a stock institution rather than a mutual institution. It 
in no way approves the acquisition by CCB as required by 
Regulation NCAC 16I.0902 (c) set out below: 

(c) The results of the stockholder's meeting shall 
be confirmed to the Administrator by filing 
attested minutes of the meeting. If the 
stockholders approve reorganization of ownership of 

20 
<PAGE>

the savings institution to provide for ownership by 
a holding company, the Administrator shall enter 
his final order approving the reorganization. 
(Emphasis supplied). 

The Administrator has never entered any final order 
approving the "reorganization." 

(d) Regulation NCAC 16G.0823(2)(a-c) provides that an 
applicant whose plan of conversion has been approved by the 
Administrator must file with the Administrator various 
documents which include, among others, an opinion of counsel 
to the effect that: 

(a) the meeting of members was duly held in 
accordance with all requirements of applicable 
state and federal law and regulation; 

(b) all requirements of state and federal law 
applicable to the conversion have been complied 
with; and 

(c) if the savings bank has used proxies executed 
prior to the proxy solicitation required by Rule 
.0511 of this Subchapter, the authority conferred 
by such proxies includes authority to vote on this 
plan of conversion. 

No letter from Ward and Smith or any other counsel has been 
filed stating the required opinion of counsel as to the 
matters set out above in NCAC 16G.0823(2)(a-c). 

(e) A letter of September 30, 1993, to the 
Administrator from management's legal counsel, Ward and 
Smith, while claiming that the above September 20 amendment 
to the Plan did not make a material change in the pro forma 
data set forth in the Subscription and Community Offering 
Prospectus dated August 19, 1993, misleadingly failed to 
state what was obviously a material adverse change in the 
pro 

21 
<PAGE>

forma data set forth in the aforesaid prospectus of August 
19, 1993, in that the acquisition by CCB of Shelby Savings 
Bank, which was abandoned between August 19, 1993, and 
September 21, 1993, was materially and prominently set forth 
in the pro forma data in the Subscription and Community 
Offering Prospectus. 

35. On December 28, 1993, plaintiffs filed their 
Petition for Judicial Review which is pending in this Court, 
File No. 93-CVS-2736, and on January 10, 1994, amended said 
Petition, joining and serving as parties thereto CCB and 
Graham Inc.. 

36. Plaintiffs show the Court that by reason of the 
actions of the Administrator and the defendants herein the 
defendant officers and directors are allowed to pay 
themselves large salaries, bonuses, and other benefits 
illegally provided by the Plan of Conversion and 
Acquisition, such payments being made from the assets of 
Graham SSB, to pay from said assets greatly increased fees 
to defendant directors, additional fringe benefits of 
unspecified amounts, greatly increased retirement benefits, 
to distribute Graham SSB's profit sharing funds, and to take 
other actions violative of the rights of Graham SSB and its 
members and owners. Such actions as are now allowed by the 
decisions of the Administrator, affirmed by the Commission, 
are of a continuous and recurrent nature and a stay against 
defendants' such continuing and recurrent activity, or any 
related activity, is reasonably necessary to protect 

22 
<PAGE>

plaintiffs' rights and the rights of Graham SSB during the 
pendency of this action. Furthermore, defendants have, in 
the past, made representations to the public that the 
acquisition by CCB of Graham SSB was final, which statements 
are likely to continue in the absence of court action and 
which statements are misleading and damage the image of 
Graham SSB as an institution, all to the damage of 
plaintiffs and Graham SSB. Further, in view of the 
Administrator's decision, approved by the Commission, CCB, 
as the holding company owning all of Graham SSB's presently 
issued stock, is free to transfer the institution's real and 
personal property at any time to any third party, to merge 
Graham SSB with CCB or other corporations in function and 
operation or to take other actions detrimental to plaintiffs 
and to Graham SSB as an institution. 

37. Plaintiffs in their Petition for Judicial Review 
sought to stay all the decisions of the Administrator which 
would allow the Plan to go forward, and has noticed on 
several occasions a hearing on said stay, but the notice of 
hearing filed for January 7, 1994, could not be heard 
because the resident Superior Court Judge of Alamance County 
had a conflict of interest. The motion for stay was noticed 
again for February 14, 1994, but was not heard because the 
Attorney General of North Carolina withdrew as counsel for 
the Administrator. 

23 
<PAGE>

38. The Assistant Attorney General, as counsel for the 
Administrator, in the course of discussing a motion to 
continue plaintiffs' motion for stay stated: 

COURT: All right. So do your clients wish to 
participate in the, in the stay hearing and also do 
they wish to participate in any way, shape, or form 
in the CCB motion to dismiss? 

MR. ROSSER: No, sir. I don't think the clients 
would wish to participate, you know, as an active 
advocate in either of those. 

COURT: Okay. Well, then if I allow your motion, 
then from what I hear you saying, there's no reason 
that we cannot go on with the rest of this case 
today. 

MR. ROSSER: No, sir. I don't think there is. 
Hearinq Transcript February 14, 1994, p. 7. 

However, after private conferences with an attorney from 
Ward and Smith, who stated that he represented both CCB and 
Graham, Inc., and after oral argument by that attorney, 
counsel for the Administrator changed his position. The 
following occurred: 

COURT: So you're telling me the Administrator wants 
to come into court with counsel and make certain 
arguments regarding that stay request. 

MR. ROSSER: That's correct, sir. That's correct. 
Hearinq Transcript February 14, 1994, pp. 15-16. 

39. Further, in the course of the argument on the motion 
for continuance on February 14, 1994, an attorney from Ward 
and Smith, who stated he represented both CCB and Graham 
Inc., represented to the Court that: 

There will not be any prejudice by delaying this at all. 
The conversion of Graham Savings of mutual to stock, Your 
Honor, was completed on October 1, 1993. The approved 
regulatory documents require that Graham Savings Bank, 
Inc., SSB remain in that status as a separate corporate 
entity until at least September 30, 1996. There's not 
going to be any change in the status of this bank. 
(Emphasis 

24 
<PAGE>

supplied). Hearinq Transcript February 14, 1994, P. 17. 

40. Despite the pendency of plaintiffs' Petition for 
Judicial Review, and their efforts to obtain a stay, in or 
around the week of March 7, 1994, defendants caused to be 
mailed to the owners of Graham SSB booklets and other 
correspondence announcing that on March 21, 1994, pursuant 
to the acquisition of Graham SSB by CCB, account numbers 
would be changed, new service charge schedules for other 
services would be changed, account statements would be 
changed, new checks would be issued, interest rates would be 
changed, new passbooks would be issued, new payment books 
would be issued, mortgage account numbers would be changed, 
billing dates would be changed, deposit agreements would be 
changed, fee schedules and rules for opening new accounts 
would be promulgated, and other steps taken obviously to 
incorporate Graham SSB's computerized and other operations 
into those of CCB. 

41. The foregoing action was taken with full knowledge 
on the part of defendants and Ward and Smith of the motion 
for stay pending in the Petition for Judicial Review set for 
hearing on March 21, 1994, in the Superior Court of Alamance 
County, and, upon information and belief, said actions were 
taken in defiance of the authority of and for the purpose of 
frustrating the orders of this Court, in order to deprive 
plaintiffs and Graham SSB of their rights. 

25 
<PAGE>

42. The actions by defendants set forth in paragraphs 36 
and 40 above will, unless restrained, immediately and 
permanently, cause immediate and irreparable injury, loss 
and damage to plaintiffs and to Graham SSB, in that the 
losses to Graham Inc. will inure as losses to plaintiffs and 
to the other owners and members of Graham SSB and to Graham 
SSB, and will arise from the necessity to undo all the 
matters which are contemplated by defendants for Graham 
Inc., to the great expenses of Graham SSB, for which, along 
with the losses arising from the acts alleged in paragraph 
36 above there is no adequate remedy at law. 
WHEREFORE, plaintiffs pray the Court: 

(l) That a temporary and permanent injunction be issued 
against defendants CCB, Graham Inc., and the individual 
defendants restraining the commission of any acts or 
threatened acts which are alleged herein or which might have 
as their purpose the furtherance of the acquisition of 
Graham SSB by CCB; 

(2) That to the extent the conversion and acquisition, 
as contemplated by defendants in the Plan, has occurred that 
the same be rescinded and declared void, and Graham SSB be 
placed back in the position it occupied before the matters 
and things alleged in this complaint occurred; 

(3) That Graham SSB have and recover of the defendants, 
jointly and severally, all damages which may have accrued to 
it by reason of the matters and things alleged herein; 

26 
<PAGE>

(4) That the costs of this action, including reasonable 
attorneys' fees, be taxed to the defendants. 

This the 14th day of March, 1994. 

OF COUNSEL: /s/ David M. Clark /vss 
CLARK WHARTON & BERRY David M. Clark 
125 South Elm Street 
P. O. Box 1349 /s/ Frederick L. Berry /vss
Greensboro, NC 27402 Frederick L. Berry 
(910) 275-7275 
/s/ Virginia S. Schabacker 
Virginia S. Schabacker
Attorneys for Plaintiffs 

27 
<PAGE>

NORTH CAROLINA 

ALAMANCE COUNTY 

CARY D. ALLRED, being first duly sworn, deposes and says 
that he is one of plaintiffs in the above action; that he 
has read the foregoing complaint and knows the contents 
thereof; that the same are true of his own knowledge, save 
and except those matters and things alleged therein upon 
information and belief, and as to those he believes them to 
be true. 

/s/ Cary D. Allred 
Cary D. Allred 

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 11th day of March 1994 

/s/ Margaret T. Bell 
Notary Public 

My commission expires 1/15/95
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE RE: GRAHAM
<TEXT>
PRESS RELEASE

CONTACT: Richard L. Furr (919) 683-7697

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE March 24, 1994

JUDGE AFFIRMS CCB AND GRAHAM SAVINGS
BANK ACQUISITION

Durham, North Carolina-----March 24, 1994. A North Carolina Superior
Court Judge affirmed the position of the North Carolina
Savings Administrator who had denied a public hearing to two depositors
who had protested the conversion/acquisition of Graham Savings Bank by
CCB Financial Corporation ("CCB") and who sought to void the transaction.
After the completion of the transaction on October 1, 1993, Mr. Maurice
Koury and Mr. Cary Allred, two Graham Savings Bank depositors who had
organized opposition to the transaction, sought to cause the North
Carolina Administrator to grant them a public hearing. The court
affirmed the decision of the Administrator after a two-day hearing held
in Graham, North Carolina.

With this decision, a Temporary Restraining Order entered last week to 
stop CCB and Graham Savings Bank from effecting a transition of the data
processing services was dissolved and CCB and Graham Savings Bank are
now free to complete that data processing change.

Ernest C. Roessler, President and Chief Executive Officer of CCB stated: 
"We are delighted the Judge ruled in our favor since we have contended
from the beginning that everything Graham Savings Bank and CCB has done to
effect this transaction was proper and lawful. All depositors and the
community at large have benefited by this transaction, not just those
few who can afford to buy stock in a conversion. We look forward to
now being able

<PAGE>

Page 2

to deliver on the commitments made to bring enhanced banking products and
services to the customers of Graham Savings Bank."

A. C. Motsinger, Chairman of Graham Savings said: "The Judge has
affirmed our actions by denying the two depositors a hearing. This is
gratifying to us."

On Monday, March 14, 1994, the two depositors brought a separate civil
action against CCB, Graham Savings Bank and the individual members of
the Board of Directors of Graham Savings Bank and through that action
obtained a Temporary Restraining Order from a North Carolina
Superior Court Judge which halted the data processing conversion. 
That action was removed to Federal Court and is pending. The Temporary
Restraining Order was dissolved by the Judge's ruling yesterday.

Mr. Roessler further stated: "We will continue to stand with Graham
Savings Bank and its directors in this other action and defend it
vigorously. The Restraining Order stopping us from enhancing the data
processing services at Graham Savings Bank was costly to depositors of
Graham Savings Bank and delayed many months of prior planning. We have
every confidence we will prevail in this other action."

Symbol: CCBF
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>NOTICE OF REMOVAL OF GRAHAM SUIT TO FED COURT
<TEXT>
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, IN THE GENERAL COURT OF JUSTICE
SUPERIOR COUNT DIVISION
COUNTY 0F ALAMANCE 94-CVS-044B

MAURICE J. KOURY and )
CARY D. ALLRED, )
)
Plaintiffs, )
)
v. )
)
GRAHAM SAVINGS BANK, INC., )
SSB; CCB FINANCIAL ) NOTICE OF REMOVAL OF CASE
CORPORATION; A.C. MOTSINGER; ) TO FEDERAL COURT
SARAH G. JOHNSTON; FORREST )
C. HALL; J. WORTH RICH; )
WILLIAM R. SIZEMORE; JAMES )
R. GUTHRIE, )
)
Defendants, )
)
and )
)
GRAHAM SAVINGS BANK, SSB, )
Derivative Defendant. )

TO: The Clerk of Court
Superior Court Division
Alamance County, North Carolina

PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that on March 21, 1994,
defendants Graham Savings Bank, Inc., SSB, CCB
Financial Corporation, A.C. Motsinger, Sarah G.
Johnston, Forrest C. Hall, J. Worth Rich, William R.
Sizemore, and James R. Guthrie (collectively
"Defendants") filed the attached Notice of Removal in
the United States District Court for the Middle
District of North Carolina, to remove this action to
that Court pursuant to 28 U. S. C. 1441 and 1446.
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that, pursuant to 28
U.S.C. 1446, the filing of said Notice of Removal
in the United States District Court for the Middle
District of North Carolina, together with the
filing of the attached copy of said Notice of
Removal with this Court, affects the removal of this
action, and this Court may proceed no further unless
and until the action is remanded.
This the 21st day of March, 1994.

POYNER & SPRUILL, L.L.P.

By: /s/ David W.Long
David W. Long
State Bar No. 2779
David Dreifus
State Bar No. 10160
3600 Glenwood Avenue
Raleigh, N.C. 27605-0096
Telephone: (919) 783-6400

Counsel for Defendants
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>JUDICIAL ORDER
<TEXT>
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA IN THE GENERAL COURT OF JUSTICE
SUPERIOR COURT DIVISION
COUNTY OF ALAMANCE FILE NO.: 93-CVS-2736

IN THE MATTER OF: )
)
PETITION FOR JUDICIAL REVIEW ) ORDER
by MAURICE J. KOURY and )
CARY B. ALLRED )
)

This matter having been brought on for hearing before the undersigned
Presiding Judge on 21 March 1994 during the Special Civil Session of the 
Alamance County Superior Court for resolution of an Amended Petition for 
Judicial Review and an Amended Motion for Stay filed on behalf of Maurice J.
Koury and Cary D. Allred (the "Petitioners") on 10 January 1994 and 26 January
1994 (respectively), and it appearing to the Court that all parties properly 
were before the Court and represented by counsel of record and that these
matters properly had been calendared, had been noticed for hearing, and were
before the Court for resolution, and it further appearing to the Court, after
reviewing and considering the pleadings, documents, and competent evidence of
record as well as the arguments of counsel, that the agency decisions rendered
in response to the Petitioners' Request for Public Hearing (as amended) and 
Motion for Stay by the Administrator of the North Carolina Savings Institutions
Division on 9 December 1993 and by the North Carolina Savings Institution
Commission in its discretion on 13 December 1993 constitute final agency 
decisions and should be affirmed, and that the Petitioners' Amended Motion for
Stay filed in this proceeding should be denied.

<PAGE>

IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED AND DECREED that the final agency decisions
rendered in response to the Petitioners' Request for Public Hearing (as 
amended) and Motion for Stay by the Administrator of the North Carolina
Savings Institutions Division on 9 December 1993 and by the North Carolina
Savings Institutions Commission in its discretion on 13 December 1993 hereby
are affirmed and that the Petitioners' Amended Motion for Stay filed in this
proceeding hereby is denied.

This is the 24th day of March, 1994.

/s/ D. M. McLelland
D. Marsh McLelland
Superior Court Judge
Presiding
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>