<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000899243-94-000036.txt : 19940314
<IMS-HEADER>0000899243-94-000036.hdr.sgml : 19940314
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000899243-94-000036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940309
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZAPATA CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000109177
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	2040
		IRS NUMBER:				741339132
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04219
		FILM NUMBER:		94515499

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE RIVERWAY
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 4240
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77210-4240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7139406114

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE RIVERWAY
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 4240
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77210-4240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZAPATA NORNESS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720314

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZAPATA OFF SHORE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690115
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

--------------

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

--------------

DATE OF REPORT: MARCH 9, 1994

ZAPATA CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE 1-4219 C-74-1339132
(State or other jurisdiction (Commission File No.) (I.R.S. Employee
of incorporation) Identification No.)

P.O. BOX 4240
HOUSTON, TEXAS 77210-4240
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(713) 940-6100
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

NOT APPLICABLE
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
<PAGE>

ITEM 5. OTHER EVENTS.
- ------- -------------

Reverse Stock Split
- -------------------

Zapata Corporation's (the "Company") Board of Directors has recommended that its
stockholders approve a one-for-five reverse split of the Company's outstanding
Common Stock (the "Reverse Stock Split"). If the Reverse Stock Split is
authorized by the Company's stockholders, the Board has approved implementation
of a 14-cent per share annual dividend on each share of Common Stock, after the
effectiveness of the Reverse Stock Split.

The Reverse Stock Split will be voted on at the Company's Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held April 27, 1994 at the Company's corporate headquarters
located at One Riverway, 777 South Post Oak Lane, Suite 2200, Houston, Texas
77056. If approved, stockholders would exchange approximately 158.3 million
shares of Common Stock for approximately 31.7 million shares. Stockholders of
record on March 23, 1994 are eligible to vote at the April 27, 1994 meeting.

If the Reverse Stock Split is authorized, the dividend would be paid quarterly
(at 3.5-cents per share) beginning in July 1994 to stockholders of record on
June 30, 1994. The dividend would mean a cash distribution to stockholders of
approximately $1.1 million per quarter.

Amendments to By-laws
- ---------------------

The Company's Board of Directors has voted to amend the Company's By-laws as
follows:

1. Provisions prescribing the advance notice requirements for the nomination
of directors by stockholders were eliminated.

2. The number of directors of the Company was reduced from eight (8) to seven
(7). Effective with the Company's 1995 annual meeting of stockholders, the
number of directors of the Company will be reduced from seven (7) to six
(6).

3. The requirement of a vote of seven (7) of eight (8) directors to take
certain actions, including the amendment or appeal of the By-laws, was
amended to require a vote of six (6) of seven (7) directors to take such
actions. Effective with the 1995 annual meeting of stockholders, these
same actions will require a vote of five (5) of the six (6) directors of
the Company.

ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.
- ------- ----------------------------------

(c) Exhibits

Exhibit 3(a) - Amended and Restated By-laws of Zapata Corporation.
<PAGE>

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ZAPATA CORPORATION
(Registrant)

By: /s/ Thomas H. Bowersox 
_______________________________________________
Thomas H. Bowersox
Executive Vice President

Dated: March 9, 1994

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.A
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED BY-LAWS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 3(a)
AMENDED AND RESTATED

BY-LAWS

OF

ZAPATA CORPORATION

(a Delaware corporation)

__________

ARTICLE I

Offices
-------

SECTION 1. Registered Office. The registered office of ZAPATA
CORPORATION (hereinafter called the Corporation) shall be in the City of
Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, and the resident agent in
charge thereof shall be The Corporation Trust Company.

SECTION 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may have an office or
offices at such other place or places, either inside or outside the State of
Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or as shall
be necessary or appropriate for the conduct of the business of the Corporation.

ARTICLE II

Meetings of Stockholders
------------------------

SECTION 1. Place of Meeting. All meetings of the stockholders of the
Corporation shall be held at such place or places, either inside or outside the
State of Delaware, as may from time to time be fixed by the Board of Directors,
or as shall be specified or fixed in the respective notices or waivers of notice
thereof.

SECTION 2. Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Corporation for the election of directors and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting shall be held on such date in each
year and at such time as shall be designated by the Board of Directors and
stated in the notice of the meeting.

SECTION 3. Special Meetings. A special meeting of the
stockholders, or of any class thereof entitled to vote, for any purpose or
purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Certificate of
Incorporation, may be called at any time by the Chairman of the

1
<PAGE>

Board of Directors or by order of the Board of Directors and shall be called by
the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors upon the
written request of stockholders holding of record at least 80% of the
outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting
as of the date of such request. Such written request shall state the purpose or
purposes for which such meeting is to be called. Business transacted at any such
special meeting shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

SECTION 4. Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise expressly
required by law, notice of each meeting of stockholders, whether annual or
special, shall be given at least ten (10) days before the date on which the
meeting is to be held, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote thereat by
delivering a typewritten or printed notice thereof to him personally, or by
mailing such notice in a postage prepaid envelope directed to him at his address
as it appears on the stock book of the Corporation. Every notice of a special
meeting of the stockholders, besides stating the time and place of the meeting,
shall state briefly the objects or purposes thereof. Notice of any adjourned
meeting of the stockholders shall not be required to be given, except where
expressly required by law.

SECTION 5. Record Date. The Board of Directors may fix, in
advance, a date as the record date for the purpose of determining stockholders
entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any meeting of stockholders, or
stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any
rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper
purpose. Such date, in any case, shall be not more than sixty days, and in case
of a meeting of stockholders not less than ten days, prior to the date on which
the particular action requiring such determination of stockholders is to be
taken. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to
vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting;
provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the
adjourned meeting.

SECTION 6. List of Stockholders. It shall be the duty of the
Secretary or other officer of the Corporation who shall have charge of the stock
ledger, either directly or through a transfer agent appointed by the Board, to
prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a
complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, arranged in
alphabetical order. Such list shall be open to the examination of any
stockholder at the place where said meeting is to be held for said ten (10)
days, and shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during
the whole time thereof, and subject to the inspection of any stockholder who may
be present. The original or a duplicate stock ledger shall be the only evidence
as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine such list or the books of the
Corporation or to vote in person or by proxy at such meeting.

SECTION 7. Quorum. At each meeting of the stockholders, the
holders of record of a majority of the issued and outstanding stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting, present in person or by proxy,
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except where
otherwise provided by these By-laws, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by
law. In the absence of a quorum, any officer entitled to preside at, or act as
Secretary of such meeting, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time
to time until a quorum shall be constituted.

2
<PAGE>

At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business
may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally
called.

SECTION 8. Voting at Meetings. Any holder of shares of capital
stock of the Corporation entitled to vote shall be entitled to one vote for each
such share, either in person or by proxy executed in writing by him or by his
duly authorized attorney in fact. No proxy shall be valid after eleven months
from the date of its execution unless otherwise provided in the proxy. Each
proxy shall be revocable unless expressly provided therein to be irrevocable and
unless it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an
irrevocable power. Stockholders of the Corporation shall not have cumulative
voting rights in the election of directors.

ARTICLE III

Board of Directors
------------------

SECTION 1. General Powers. The property, business and affairs of
the Corporation shall be managed by the Board of Directors which may exercise
all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are
not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws
directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

SECTION 2. Number and Term of Office. The number of directors
constituting the whole Board of Directors shall be seven (7). Effective with
the Corporation's 1995 annual meeting of stockholders, the number of directors
constituting the Board of Directors shall be six (6). Directors need not be
stockholders. Each director shall hold office for the full term of office to
which he shall have been elected and until his successor shall have been duly
elected and shall qualify, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal.

SECTION 3. Place of Meetings. The Board of Directors may hold its
meetings, have one or more offices, and keep the books and records of the
Corporation, at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware, as
the Board may from time to time determine.

SECTION 4. First Meeting. After each annual election of Directors
and on the same day or as soon thereafter as convenient, the Board of Directors
shall meet for the purpose of organization, the election of officers and the
transaction of other business at the place where such annual election is held.
Notice of such meeting need not be given. Such meeting may be held at any other
time or place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided
for special meetings of the Board of Directors or in a consent and waiver of
notice thereof signed by all the directors.

SECTION 5. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of
Directors may be held without notice at such time and place as shall from time
to time be determined by

3
<PAGE>

the Board.

SECTION 6. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of
Directors may be held at any time upon the call of the Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer, the Secretary or any two directors of the Corporation.
Notice shall be given, either personally or by mail or telegram at least twenty-
four hours before the meeting. Notice of the time, place and purpose of such
meeting may be waived in writing before or after such meeting, and shall be
equivalent to the giving of notice. Attendance of a director at such meeting
shall also constitute a waiver of notice thereof, except where he attends for
the announced purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the
ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

SECTION 7. Quorum. A majority of the directors at the time in
office present at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; except that in no case
shall a quorum be less than one-third of the total number of directors
authorized; and, except as otherwise required by statute, by the Certificate of
Incorporation or by these By-laws, the act of a majority of the directors
present at any such meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the
Board. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the directors present may
adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum shall be present. Notice
of any adjourned meeting need not be given.

SECTION 8. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships. Any vacancy
that shall occur in the Board of Directors by reason of death, resignation,
disqualification or removal or any other cause whatever, and newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors,
may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors (though less than a
quorum) or by the stockholders of the Corporation at the next annual meeting or
any special meeting called for the purpose, and, except as otherwise provided by
the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to newly created directorships
filled by the Board of Directors, each director so chosen shall hold office
until the annual meeting at which the term of the class to which he shall have
been elected expires and until his successor shall be duly elected and shall
qualify, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal.

SECTION 9. Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution
passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each
committee to consist of two or more of the directors of the Corporation. The
Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee,
who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the
committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided by the Board, shall have
and may exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the
business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the
Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; provided, however,
that in the absence or disqualification of any member of such committee or
committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not
disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the
meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Such committee
or committee shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to
time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. Each committee shall keep
regular minutes of its meetings

4
<PAGE>

and report the same to the Board of Directors when required.

SECTION 10. Action Without a Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted
by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any
committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if prior to such action a
written consent thereto is signed by all members of the Board or of such
committee as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes
of proceedings of the Board or of such committee.

SECTION 11. Compensation of Directors. Directors, as such, shall
not receive any stated salary for their services, but may be paid for their
services such amounts as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the
Board. Expenses of attendance, if any, may be paid for attendance at each
regular or special meeting of the Board. No such payments shall preclude any
director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed
like compensation for attending committee meetings.

SECTION 12. Vote of Directors. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in these By-laws, the following actions shall require the vote of six
(6) Directors: (a) any alteration, amendment or repeal of these By-laws; (b)
the issuance of, or the adoption of any agreement or plan for the issuance of,
any stock, rights, or other securities (including, without limitation,
securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for stock of the
Company) to the stockholders or any class thereof generally, any term of which
is contingent upon or effective upon the acquisition by any person of any of or
all of the Company's stock or upon any other action by any person with respect
to such stock; (c) the creation of any committee of the Board of Directors; (d)
the filling of vacancies on the Board of Directors or any committee thereof
created by the death, resignation or removal of Malcolm I. Glazer or Avram A.
Glazer; or (e) any action to remove Malcolm I. Glazer or Avram A. Glazer from
any committee of the Board of Directors. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in these By-laws, effective with the Corporation's 1995 annual meeting
of stockholders, the actions in this Section 12 shall require the vote of five
(5) Directors.

ARTICLE IV

Officers
--------

SECTION 1. Title, Number and Salaries. The officers of the
Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors, and shall consist of a
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary,
a Treasurer, and such Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as the
Board of Directors may from time to time designate, all of whom shall hold
office until their successors are elected and qualified. Two or more offices,
except the office of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and the
office of the Secretary, may be held by the same person, but no officer shall
execute, acknowledge or verify any instrument in more than one capacity. The
salaries of the officers shall be determined by the Board of Directors

5
<PAGE>

or committee duly designated thereby, and may be altered from time to time
except as otherwise provided by contract. All officers shall be entitled to be
paid or reimbursed for all cost and expenditures incurred in the Corporation's
business.

SECTION 2. Vacancies. Whenever any vacancies shall occur in any
office by death, resignation, increase in the number of officers of the
Corporation, or otherwise, the same shall be filled by the Board of Directors,
and the officer so elected shall hold office until his successor is chosen and
qualified.

SECTION 3. Removal. Any officer or agent elected or appointed by
the Board of Directors may be removed by the Board of Directors whenever in its
judgment the best interests of the Corporation will be served thereby, but such
removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person
so removed. Election or appointment of an officer or agent shall not of itself
create contract rights.

SECTION 4. Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, or in his absence such other
individual as the Board may select, shall preside at all meetings of the
stockholders, the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee. He shall have
general charge and management of the affairs, property and business of the
Corporation, subject to the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee and the
provisions of these By-Laws. He shall perform all duties assigned to him in
these By-Laws and such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him
by the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee.

SECTION 5. Vice Presidents. In the absence or disability of the
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, the Vice Presidents, in the
order of their seniority, shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of
the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, other than as otherwise
provided in the first sentence of SECTION 4 of this ARTICLE IV.

SECTION 6. Secretary. It shall be the duty of the Secretary to
attend all meetings of the stockholders and Board of Directors, to record
correctly the proceedings had at such meetings in a book suitable for that
purpose and to perform like duties for standing committees when required. It
shall also be the duty of the Secretary to attest with his signature and the
seal of the Corporation all stock certificates issued by the Corporation and to
keep a stock ledger in which shall be correctly recorded all transactions
pertaining to the capital stock of the Corporation. He shall also attest with
his signature and the seal of the Corporation all deeds, conveyances or other
instruments requiring the seal of the Corporation. The person holding the
office of Secretary shall also perform, under the direction and subject to the
control of the Board of Directors, such other duties as may be assigned to him.
The duties of the Secretary may also be performed by any Assistant Secretary.

SECTION 7. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall keep such funds of the
Corporation as may be entrusted to his keeping and account for the same. He
shall be prepared at all times to give information as to the condition of the
Corporation and shall make a detailed

6
<PAGE>

annual report of the entire business and financial condition of the Corporation.
The person holding the office of Treasurer shall also perform, under the
direction and subject to the control of the Board of Directors, such other
duties as may be assigned to him. The duties of the Treasurer may also be
performed by any Assistant Treasurer.

SECTION 8. Delegation of Authority. In the case of any absence of
any officer of the Corporation or for any other reason that the Board may deem
sufficient, the Board of Directors may delegate some or all of the powers or
duties of such officer to any other officer or to any director, employee,
stockholder or agent for whatever period of time seems desirable, providing that
a majority of the entire Board concurs therein.

ARTICLE V

Indemnification and Insurance
-----------------------------

SECTION 1. General Indemnification. Subject to the provisions of
SECTION 3 of this ARTICLE V, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was
or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by
reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such
action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no
reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any
action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a
plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a
presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had
reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

SECTION 2. Indemnification in Actions by or in the Right of the
Corporation. Subject to the provisions of SECTION 3 of this ARTICLE V, the
Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to
be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in
the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the
fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was
serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against
expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in
connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in
good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the Corporation and except that no indemnification shall be
made in respect to any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have
been adjudged to be

7
<PAGE>

liable (i) for any breach of his duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its
stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which he
derived an improper personal benefit unless and only to the extent that the
Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought
shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but
in view of all of the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of
Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

SECTION 3. Determination of Standard of Conduct. Any
indemnification under SECTIONS 1 and 2 of this ARTICLE V (unless ordered by a
court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case
upon a determination that indemnification of the director or officer is proper
in the circumstances because he had met the applicable standard of conduct set
forth in said SECTIONS 1 and 2. Such determination shall be made (1) by the
Board of Directors, by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who
were not parties to such action, suitor proceeding, or (2) if such quorum is not
obtainable or, even if obtainable and a quorum of disinterested directors so
directs, by independent legal counsel (who may be counsel to the Corporation) in
a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.

SECTION 4. Successful Defense. If a director or officer of the
Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise as a party to any
action, suit or proceeding referred to in SECTIONS 1 and 2 of this ARTICLE V, or
with respect to any claim, issue or matter therein (to the extent that a portion
of his expenses can be reasonably allocated thereto), he shall be indemnified
against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by
him in connection therewith.

SECTION 5. Expenses During Proceeding. Expenses incurred in
defending a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or
proceeding, or threat thereof, may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the
final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding as authorized by the Board
of Directors in the specific case upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf
of the director or officer to whom or on whose behalf any such amount is paid to
repay such amount unless it
shall ultimately be determined that he is entitled to be indemnified by the
Corporation as authorized in this ARTICLE V.

SECTION 6. Exclusivity. The indemnification provided by this
ARTICLE V shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any person
indemnified may be entitled under any other By-Law, agreement, vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in his
official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office
and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and
shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a
person.

SECTION 7. Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or
agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation
as a director, officer, employee

8
<PAGE>

or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any
such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the
Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under
the provisions of this ARTICLE V or of Section 145 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware.

SECTION 8. Definitions. For the purposes of this ARTICLE V,
references to "the Corporation" include all constituent corporations absorbed in
a consolidation or merger as well as the resulting or surviving corporation so
that any person who is or was a director or officer of such a constituent
corporation or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation
as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise shall stand in the same position under the provisions
of this ARTICLE V with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he
would if he had served the resulting or surviving corporation in the same
capacity. For purposes of this ARTICLE V, references to "other enterprises"
shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any
excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and
references to "serving at the request of the corporation" shall include any
service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which
imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or
agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or
beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he
reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries
of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not
opposed to the best interests of the corporation" as referred to in this ARTICLE
V.

ARTICLE VI

Shares of Capital Stock and Their Transfer
------------------------------------------

SECTION 1. Certificates for Stock. Every owner of stock of the
Corporation shall be entitled to a certificate or certificates, to be in such
form as the Board shall prescribe, certifying the number and class of shares of
the capital stock of the Corporation owned by him. The certificates for the
respective classes of such stock shall be numbered in the order in which they
shall be issued and shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer or any Vice President and the
Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary
of the Corporation and its seal be affixed thereto; provided, however, that,
where such certificate is signed by a transfer agent or an assistant transfer
agent or by a transfer clerk acting on behalf of the Corporation and a
registrar, if the Board shall by Resolution so authorize, the signature of such
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Vice President, Treasurer,
Secretary, Assistant Treasurer or Assistant Secretary and the seal of the
Corporation may be facsimile. In case any officer or officers of the
Corporation who shall have signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures
shall have been used on, any such certificate or certificates shall cease to be
such officer or officers, whether by reason of death, resignation or otherwise,
before such certificate or certificates shall have been delivered by the
Corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be adopted by the

9
<PAGE>

Corporation and be issue and delivered as though the person or persons who
signed such certificate or certificates, or whose facsimile signature or
signatures shall have been affixed thereto, had not ceased to be such officer or
officers. A record shall be kept by the Secretary, transfer agent or by any
other officer, employee or agent designated by the Board of the name of the
person, firm or corporation owning the stock represented by such certificates,
the number and class of shares represented by such certificates, respectively,
and the respective dates thereof, and in case of cancellation, the respective
dates of cancellation. Every certificate surrendered to the Corporation for
exchange or transfer shall be cancelled, and no new certificate or certificates
shall be issued in exchange for any existing certificate until such existing
certificate shall have been so cancelled, except in cases provided for in
SECTION 5 of this ARTICLE VI.

SECTION 2. Classes and Series of Classes of Stock. If the
Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more
than one series of any class, the designations, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series
thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences
and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of
the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or
series of stock; provided that, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may
be set forth on the face or back of the Certificate which the Corporation shall
issue to represent such class or series of stock, a statement that the
Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.

SECTION 3. Transfer of Stock. Transfers of shares of the capital
stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by
the registered holder thereof, or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power
of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary of the Corporation, or
with a transfer agent appointed as in SECTION 4 of this ARTICLE VI provided, and
on surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly
endorsed and the payment of all taxes thereon. The person in whose name shares
of stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof
for all purposes as regards the Corporation; provided, however, that whenever
any transfer of shares shall be made for collateral security, and not
absolutely, such fact, if known to the Secretary of the Corporation, shall be so
expressed in the entry of transfer.

SECTION 4. Regulations. The Board may make such rules and
regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with the Certificate of
Incorporation or these By-laws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration
of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may appoint, or
authorize any principal officer or officers to appoint, one or more Transfer
Agents and one or more Registrars, and may require all certificates of stock to
bear the signature or signatures of any of them.

SECTION 5. Lost, Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates. In case of
loss, destruction or mutilation of any certificates of stock, another
certificate or certificates may be issued in place thereof upon proof of such
loss, destruction, or mutilation and upon the giving of a bond of indemnity to
the Corporation in such form and in such sum as the Board may direct;

10
<PAGE>

provided, however, that a new certificate may be issued without requiring any
bond when, in the judgment of the Board, it is proper so to do.

SECTION 6. Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the
Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if
any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special
meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in
shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of
Incorporation. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of
any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the
directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a
reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for
repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other
purpose as the directors shall think conducive to the interest of the
Corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the
manner in which it was created.

ARTICLE VII

Miscellaneous Provisions
------------------------

SECTION 1. Corporate Seal. The seal of the Corporation shall be
circular in form with the words "Corporate SEAL Delaware" in the center and the
name of the Corporation around the margin thereof.

SECTION 2. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall
end at the close of business on the 30th day of September in each year.

SECTION 3. Annual Reports. The Board of Directors shall present at
each annual meeting of the stockholders a full report of the business and
condition of the Corporation.

SECTION 4. Execution of Contracts. The Board may authorize any
officer or officers, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys, to enter into
any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name and on behalf of
the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific
instances; and, unless so authorized by the Board or expressly authorized by
these By-laws, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority
to bind the Corporation by any contract or other engagement or to pledge its
credit or to render it liable pecuniarily for any purpose or in any amount.

SECTION 5. Loans. No loan shall be contracted on behalf of the
Corporation, and no negotiable paper shall be issued in its name, unless
authorized by the Board or by a committee of the Board to whom the Board has
delegated such power.

SECTION 6. Checks, Drafts, Etc. All checks, drafts, bills, notes
and other negotiable instruments and orders for the payment of money issued in
the name of the Corporation, shall be signed by such officer or officers,
employee or employees, agent or agents,

11
<PAGE>

of the Corporation and in such manner as shall from time to time be determined
by resolution of the Board.

SECTION 7. Deposits. All funds of the Corporation not otherwise
employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation
in such banks, trust companies or other depositaries as the Board may designate,
or as may be designated by any officer or officers, agent or agents, or attorney
or attorneys, of the Corporation to whom power in that respect shall have been
delegated by the Board. For the purpose of deposit and for the purpose of
collection for the account of the Corporation, the Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer, or any Vice President, or the Treasurer (or any other
officer or agent or employee or attorney of the Corporation to whom such power
shall be delegated by the Board) may endorse, assign and deliver checks, drafts
and other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the
Corporation.

SECTION 8. General and Special Bank Accounts. The Board may from
time to time authorize the opening and keeping of general and special bank
accounts with such banks, trust companies or other depositaries as it may
designate or as may be designated by any officer or officers, agent or agents,
or attorney or attorneys, of the Corporation to whom power in that respect shall
have been delegated by the Board. The Board may make such special rules and
regulations with respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with the
provisions of these By-laws, as it may deem expedient.

ARTICLE VIII

Amendments
----------

All By-laws of the Corporation shall be subject to alteration or
repeal, and new By-laws shall be adopted, either by the affirmative votes of the
holders of record of 80% or more of the issued and outstanding stock of the
Corporation entitled to vote in respect thereof, given at any annual or special
meeting, or by the vote provided for in SECTION 12 of ARTICLE III hereof given
at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors, provided that
notice of the proposal so to alter or repeal or to make such By-laws be included
in the notice of such meeting of the stockholders or the Board, as the case may
be. By-laws, whether made or altered by the stockholders or by the Board of
Directors, shall be subject to alteration or repeal by the stockholders by the
vote hereinabove specified.

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>