<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000856716-94-000006.txt : 19940228
<IMS-HEADER>0000856716-94-000006.hdr.sgml : 19940228
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000856716-94-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940224
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940225
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTERN GAS RESOURCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000856716
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	4922
		IRS NUMBER:				841127613
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10389
		FILM NUMBER:		94512615

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12200 N PECOS ST
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234-3439
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3034525603
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) February 24, 1994 
(February 21, 1994) 

WESTERN GAS RESOURCES, INC. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-10389 84-1127613 
(State or other jurisdiction of (Commission (I.R.S Employer 
incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

12200 N. Pecos Street Denver, Colorado 80234-3439
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(303) 452-5603
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

No Changes
(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed 
since last report). 

<PAGE>
ITEM 5. OTHER EVENTS

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION 

OF THE 

$2.625 CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 
($.10 Par Value) 

OF 

WESTERN GAS RESOURCES, INC. 

Pursuant to Section 151 of the 

General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware 

The undersigned certifies that the following 
resolution was duly adopted on February 17, 1994, by the 
duly appointed Securities Committee of the Board of 
Directors of Western Gas Resources, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the "Corporation"), acting pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 141(c) of the General Corporation 
Law of the State of Delaware and pursuant to authority 
granted to such Committee in resolutions of such Board of 
Directors (the "Board") duly adopted on July 7, 1993 and 
February 4, 1994: 

RESOLVED, that pursuant to authority expressly 
granted to and vested in the Board by provisions of 
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, 
as amended (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the 
issuance of a series of Preferred Stock par value 
$.10 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), which shall 
consist of 2,760,000 shares of Preferred Stock which 
the Corporation has authority to issue, is 
authorized, and the powers, designations, 
preferences and relative, participating, optional or 
other special rights, and the qualifications, 
limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares 
of such series (in addition to the powers, 
designations, preferences and relative, 
participating, optional or other special rights, and 
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions 
thereof, set forth in the Certifi-

<PAGE> 

cate of Incorporation which may be applicable to the 
Preferred stock) are fixed as follows: 

1. Designation and Number. The designation of 
such series of the Preferred Stock authorized by 
this resolution shall be the "$2.625 Cumulative 
Convertible Preferred Stock" (the "$2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock"). The total number of 
shares of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
shall be 2,760,000. The $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock is issuable in whole shares only. 

2. Dividends. Holders of shares of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to 
receive, when and as declared by the Board out of 
assets of the Corporation legally available for 
payment, an annual cash dividend of $2.625 per share 
of Convertible Preferred Stock, payable in arrears 
on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 
(each a "Dividend Payment Date"), commencing May 15, 
1994. Dividends on the $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock will be cumulative from the date of initial 
issuance of shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock. Dividends will be payable, in arrears, to 
holders of record as they appear on the stock books 
of the Corporation on such record dates, not more 
than 60 days nor less than 10 days preceding the 
payment dates thereof, as shall be fixed by the 
Board. The $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock will 
be junior as to dividends to any Preferred Stock 
that may be issued in the future that is expressly 
senior as to dividends to the $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock. If at any time the Corporation has 
failed to pay accrued dividends on any such senior 
shares at the time such dividends are payable, the 
Corporation may not pay any dividend on the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock or redeem or otherwise 
repurchase any share of $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock until such accumulated but unpaid dividends on 
such senior shares have been paid (or set aside for 
payment) in full by the Corporation. 

No dividends may be declared or paid or set 
apart for payment on any Preferred Stock ranking on 
a parity as to dividends with the $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock, unless there shall also be or have 
been declared and paid or set apart for payment on

2

<PAGE>

the outstanding shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock dividends for all dividend payment 
periods of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
ending on or before the Dividend Payment Date of 
such Parity Preferred Stock (as defined in Section 
8(B)), ratably in proportion to the respective 
amounts of dividends (i) accumulated and unpaid or 
payable on such Parity Preferred Stock, on the one 
hand, and (ii) accumulated and unpaid or payable 
through the dividend payment period of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock next preceding such 
Dividend Payment Date, on the other hand. 

Except as set forth above, unless full 
cumulative dividends on the outstanding shares of 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock have been paid, 
dividends (other than in Common Stock) may not be 
paid or declared and set aside for payment and other 
distributions may not be made upon the Common Stock 
or on any other Preferred Stock of the Corporation 
ranking junior to or on a parity as to dividends 
with the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock, nor may 
any Common Stock or such other Preferred Stock of 
the Corporation be redeemed, purchased or otherwise 
acquired by the Corporation for any consideration or 
any payment be made to or monies set aside for a 
sinking fund for the redemption of any shares of 
such stock; provided, however, that any monies 
theretofore deposited in any sinking fund with 
respect to any Preferred Stock in compliance with 
the provisions of such sinking fund may thereafter 
be applied to the purchase or redemption of such 
Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of such 
sinking fund, regardless of whether at the time of 
such application full cumulative dividends upon 
shares of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
outstanding on the last Dividend Payment Date shall 
have been paid or declared and set apart for 
payment; and provided, further, that any such junior 
or Parity Preferred Stock or Common Stock may be 
converted into or exchanged for stock of the 
Corporation ranking junior to the $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock as to dividends. 

The amount of dividends payable for the initial 
dividend period or any period shorter than a full 
dividend period shall be computed on the basis of a

3

<PAGE>

360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Accrued but 
unpaid dividends will not bear interest. 

3. Liquidation. The shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock shall rank prior to the 
shares of Common Stock and of any other class of 
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock upon liquidation, 
so that in the event of any liquidation, dissolution 
or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary 
or involuntary, the holders of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to 
receive out of the assets of the Corporation 
available for distribution to its stockholders, 
whether from capital, surplus or earnings, before 
any distribution is made to holders of shares of 
Common Stock or any other such junior stock, 
liquidating distributions in an amount per share 
equal to $50.00 (the "Liquidation Preference") plus 
all dividends accrued and accumulated but unpaid 
thereon to the date of final distribution; but the 
holders of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
will not be entitled to receive the Liquidation 
Preference of, plus such dividends on, such shares 
until the liquidation preference of any other shares 
of the Corporation's capital stock ranking prior to 
the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock as to rights 
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up shall 
have been paid (or a sum set aside therefor 
sufficient to provide for payment) in full. If upon 
any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 
Corporation, the amounts payable with respect to the 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock and any other 
Parity Preferred Stock are not paid in full, the 
holders of the Preferred Stock and such other Parity 
Preferred Stock will share ratably in any such 
distribution of assets in proportion to the full 
respective preferential amounts to which they are 
entitled. After payment of the full amount of the 
Liquidation Preference plus such dividends, the 
holders of shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock will not be entitled to any further 
participation in any distribution of assets by the 
Corporation. For the purposes hereof, neither a 
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with 
another corporation nor a sale or transfer of all or 
part of the Corporation's assets for cash or 
securities 

4
<PAGE>

shall be considered a liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 

4. Voting Rights. The holders of shares of 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock shall have no 
voting rights whatsoever, except for any voting 
rights to which they may be entitled under the laws 
of the State of Delaware, and except as follows: 

(A) Whenever, at any time or times, dividends 
payable on the shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock or on any Parity Preferred Stock 
(including the $2.28 Cumulative Preferred Stock (the 
"$2.28 Preferred Stock") but excluding the 7.25% 
Cumulative Senior Perpetual Convertible Preferred 
Stock (the "7.25% Convertible Preferred Stock")) 
with respect to payment of dividends, shall be in 
arrears for dividend periods, whether or not 
consecutive, containing in the aggregate a number of 
days equal to six calendar quarters or more, whether 
or not consecutive, the holders of the outstanding 
shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock shall 
have the right, voting separately as a class with 
holders of shares of any one or more other class or 
series of Preferred Stock (including the $2.28 
Preferred Stock but excluding the 7.25% Convertible 
Preferred Stock) upon which like voting rights have 
been conferred and are exercisable, to elect two of 
the authorized number of members of the Board at the 
Corporation's next annual meeting of stockholders 
and at each subsequent annual meeting of 
stockholders until such arrearage has been paid or 
set apart for payment, at which time such right 
shall terminate, except as herein or by law 
expressly provided, subject to revesting in the 
event of each and every subsequent default of the 
character above described. Upon any termination of 
the right of the holders of shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock as a class to vote for 
directors as herein provided, the term of office of 
all directors then in office elected by the holders 
of shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
shall terminate immediately. Any director who shall 
have been so elected pursuant to this subparagraph 
may be removed at any time, either with or without 
cause, by a vote of holders of Preferred Stock as 
provided in this subparagraph. Any vacancy thereby 
created may be filled only by 

5
<PAGE>

the affirmative vote 
of the holders of shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock voting separately as a class 
(together with the holders of shares of any other 
class or series of stock upon which like voting 
rights have been conferred and are exercisable). If 
the office of any director elected by the holders of 
shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock voting 
as a class becomes vacant for any reason other than 
removal from office as aforesaid, the remaining 
director elected pursuant to this subparagraph may 
choose a successor who shall hold office for the 
unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy 
occurred. At elections for such directors, each 
holder of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock shall 
be entitled to one vote for each share held (the 
holders of shares of any other class or series of 
preferred stock having like voting rights being 
entitled to such number of votes, if any, for each 
share of such stock held as may be granted to them). 

(B) So long as any shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the 
consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the 
shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
outstanding at the time and all other classes or 
series of Preferred Stock (including the $2.28 
Preferred Stock but excluding the 7.25% Convertible 
Preferred Stock) upon which like voting rights have 
been conferred and are exercisable (voting together 
as a class) given in person or by proxy, either in 
writing or at any meeting called for the purpose, 
shall be necessary to permit, effect or validate any 
one or more of the following: 

(i) The issuance or increase of the authorized 
amount of any class or series of shares ranking 
prior (as that term is defined in Section 8(A)) to 
the shares of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock; or 

(ii) Any amendment, alteration or repeal, 
whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of 
any of the provisions of the Certificate of 
Incorporation or of the resolutions contained in 
this Certificate of Designation that would 
materially adversely affect any power, preference, 
or special 

6 
<PAGE>

right of the shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock or of the holders thereof; provided, 
however, that any increase in the amount of 
authorized Common Stock or authorized Preferred 
Stock or any increase or decrease in the number of 
shares of any series of Preferred Stock or the 
creation and issuance of other series of Common 
Stock or Preferred Stock, in each case ranking on a 
parity with or junior to the shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock with respect to the 
payment of dividends and the distribution of assets 
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall 
not be deemed to materially adversely affect such 
powers, preferences or special rights. 

(C) Holders of shares of the $2.625 Convert- 
ible Preferred Stock entitled to voting rights under 
the laws of the State of Delaware and as provided in 
this Certificate of Designation will have one vote 
for each share held. 

(D) The foregoing voting provisions shall not 
apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with 
respect to which such vote would otherwise be 
required shall be effected, all outstanding shares 
of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock shall have 
been redeemed or called for redemption and 
sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust
to effect such redemption. 

5. Optional Redemption. Shares of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock are not subject to any 
mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar 
provision and will not be redeemable prior to 
February 16, 1997. On or after February 16, 1997, 
the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock will be 
redeemable at the option of the Corporation upon 
notice at any time and from time to time, in whole 
or in part, at the following redemption prices per 
share (expressed as a percentage of the $50.00 
liquidation preference thereof), plus accrued and 
unpaid dividends, if any, up to but excluding the 
date fixed 

7 
<PAGE>

for redemption, if redeemed during the 
twelve-month period commencing on February 16 of the 
years indicated below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Redemption 
Year Price 
<S> <C> 
1997 . . . . . . . . . . . 103.675% 
1998 . . . . . . . . . . . 103.150% 
1999 . . . . . . . . . . . 102.625% 
2000 . . . . . . . . . . . 102.100% 
2001 . . . . . . . . . . . 101.575% 
2002 . . . . . . . . . . . 101.050% 
2003 . . . . . . . . . . . 100.525% 
2004 and thereafter . . . 100.000% 
</TABLE>

If fewer than all of the outstanding shares of 
the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock are to be 
redeemed, the shares to be redeemed will be 
determined pro rata as nearly as practicable or by 
lot, or by such other method as the Board of 
Directors may determine to be fair and appropriate. 
In the event that any quarterly dividends payable on 
the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock are in 
arrears, the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock may 
not be redeemed unless all outstanding shares of 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock are 
simultaneously redeemed and the Corporation may not 
purchase or acquire any of such shares otherwise 
than pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made 
on the same terms to all holders of record of the 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Notice of redemption will be given by mail, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption thereof, to each record holder 
of the shares of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock to be redeemed at the address of such holder 
in the stock register of the Corporation. If a 
notice of redemption has been given, from and after 
the specified redemption date (unless the 
Corporation defaults in making payment of the 
redemption price), dividends on the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock so called for redemption 
will cease to accrue, such shares will no longer be 
deemed to be outstanding, and all rights, including 
conversion rights of the holders thereof as 
stockholders of the 

8
<PAGE>

Corporation (except the right to 
receive the redemption price), will cease. Subject 
to applicable escheat laws, any moneys set aside by 
the Corporation for the redemption and unclaimed at 
the end of two years from the redemption date shall 
revert to the general funds of the Corporation, 
after which reversion the holders of such shares so 
called for redemption shall look only to the general 
funds of the Corporation for the payment of the 
amounts payable upon such redemption. Any interest 
accrued on funds so deposited shall be paid to the 
Corporation from time to time. 

6. Authorization and Issuance of Other 
Securities. No consent of the holders of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock shall be required for 
(i) the creation of any indebtedness of any kind of 
the Corporation, (ii) the creation, or increase or 
decrease in the amount, of any class or series of 
stock of the Corporation not ranking prior as to 
dividends or upon liquidation to the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock or (iii) any increase or 
decrease in the amount of authorized Common Stock or 
any increase, decrease or change in the par value 
thereof or in any other terms thereof. 

7. Amendment of Resolution. The Board 
reserves the right by subsequent amendment of this 
resolution from time to time to increase or decrease 
the number of shares which constitute the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock (but not below the 
number of shares thereof then outstanding) and in 
other respects to amend this resolution within the 
limitations provided by law, this resolution and the 
Certificate of Incorporation. 

8. Ranking. For the purposes of this 
resolution, any stock of any class or classes of the 
Corporation shall be deemed to rank: 

(A) Prior to shares of the $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if 
the holders of stock of such class or classes shall 
be entitled by the terms thereof to the receipt of 
dividends or of amounts distributable upon 
liquidation dissolution or winding up, as the case 
may be, 

9

<PAGE>

in preference or priority to the holders of 
shares of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock. 

(B) On a parity with shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock, either as to dividends 
or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or 
both, whether or not the dividend rates, Dividend 
Payment Dates or redemption or liquidation prices 
per share thereof are different from those of the 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock, if the holders 
of stock of such class or classes shall be entitled 
by the terms thereof to the receipt of dividends or 
of amounts distributable upon liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up, as the case may be, in 
proportion to their respective dividend rates or 
liquidation prices, without preference or priority 
of one over the other as between the holders of such 
stock and the holders of shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock (the term "Parity 
Preferred Stock" being used to refer to any stock on 
a parity with the shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, as 
the context may require); and 

(C) Junior to shares of the $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or both, if 
such class shall be Common Stock or if the holders 
of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock shall be 
entitled to the receipt of dividends or of amounts 
distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up, as the case may be, in preference or 
priority to the holders of stock of such class or 
classes. 

The $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock shall 
rank on a parity as to dividends and upon 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up with the 
7.25% Convertible Preferred Stock and the $2.28 
Preferred Stock of the Corporation. 

9. Conversion. 

(A) General. The holders of shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock shall have the right, at 
each holder's option, at any time, in whole or in 
part, to convert all or a portion of such holder's 
shares into a number of fully paid and nonassessable 

10
<PAGE>

whole shares of the Corporation's Common Stock as is 
equal to the aggregate liquidation preference of the 
shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
surrendered for conversion divided by a conversion 
price per share of Common Stock of $39.750 (as 
adjusted from time to time, the "Conversion Price"). 
The Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment 
from time to time as hereinafter provided. 

No payment or adjustment shall be made on 
account of any accrued and unpaid dividends on 
shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
surrendered for conversion prior to the close of 
business on the record date for the determination of 
stockholders entitled to such dividends. 

The holders of shares of the $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock at the close of business on a 
dividend payment record date will be entitled to 
receive the dividend payment on those shares on the 
corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding 
the subsequent conversion thereof or the Company's 
default in payment of the dividend due on that 
dividend payment date. However, shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock surrendered for 
conversion during the period between the close of 
business on any dividend payment record date and the 
opening of business on the corresponding dividend 
payment date (except shares called for redemption on 
a redemption date during that period) must be 
accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the 
dividend payment on the shares on that dividend 
payment date. A holder of shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock on a dividend payment 
record date who (or whose transferee) tenders any 
shares for conversion on a dividend payment date 
will receive the dividend payable by the Company on 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock on that date, and 
the converting holder need not include payment in 
the amount of such dividend upon surrender of shares 
of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock for 
conversion. Except as provided in this paragraph 
(A), the Corporation will make no payment or 
allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in 
arrears, on converted shares or for dividends on the
shares of Common Stock issued upon such conversion. 

11
<PAGE>

If any shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock shall be called for redemption, the right to 
convert the shares designated for redemption shall 
terminate at the close of business on the Business 
Day next preceding the date fixed for redemption 
unless the Corporation defaults in the payment of 
the Redemption Price plus all accrued and unpaid 
dividends. In the event of default in the payment 
of the Redemption Price, plus all accrued but unpaid 
dividends, the right to convert the shares 
designated for redemption shall terminate at the 
close of business on the Business Day next preceding 
the date that such default is cured. 

The shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of the shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock, when the same shall be issued in 
accordance with the terms hereof, are hereby 
declared to be and shall be fully paid and 
nonassessable shares of Common Stock in the hands of 
the holders thereof. 

(B) Mechanics of Conversion. Conversion of 
the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock may be 
effected by the surrender to the Transfer Agent (as 
defined in Section 10), together with any payment to 
the Corporation required by Section 9(A), of the 
certificate or certificates for such $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock to be converted 
accompanied by a written notice stating that such 
holder elects to convert all or a specified whole 
number of such shares in accordance with the 
provisions hereof and specifying the name or names 
in which such holder wishes the certificate or 
certificates for shares of Common Stock be issued. 
If more than one stock certificate for the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock shall be surrendered for 
conversion at one time by the same holder, the 
number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of 
the aggregate number of shares represented by all 
the certificates so surrendered. In case such 
notice shall specify a name or names other than that 
of such holder, such notice shall be accompanied by 
payment of all transfer taxes payable upon the 
issuance of shares of Common Stock in such name or 
names. Other than such taxes, the Corporation will 
pay any and all issue 

12
<PAGE>

and other taxes (other than 
taxes based on income) that may be payable in 
respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common 
Stock on conversion of $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock. As promptly as practicable, and in any event 
within five Business Days after the surrender of 
such certificate or certificates and the receipt of 
such notice relating thereto and, if applicable, 
payment of all transfer taxes required to be paid by 
the holder hereunder (or the demonstration to the 
satisfaction of the Corporation that any such taxes 
have been paid) and any payment to the Corporation 
required by Section 9(A), the Corporation shall 
deliver or cause to be delivered (i) certificates 
representing the number of validly issued, fully 
paid and nonassessable full shares of Common Stock 
to which the holder of shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock being converted shall be entitled, 
(ii) any cash owing in lieu of a fractional share of 
Common Stock, determined in accordance with Section 
9(D) below, and (iii) if less than the full number 
of shares of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
evidenced by the surrendered certificate or 
certificates is being converted, a new certificate 
or certificates, of like tenor, for the number of 
shares evidenced by such surrendered certificate or 
certificates less the number of shares being 
converted. Such conversion shall be deemed to have 
been made immediately prior to the close of business 
on the date of such surrender of the certificate or 
certificates representing the shares of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock to be converted and the 
making of any payments required therewith. Upon 
such conversion, except as provided in Section 9(A), 
the rights of the holder thereof as to the shares 
being converted shall cease except for the right to 
receive shares of Common Stock (or such other 
consideration as provided herein) in accordance 
herewith, and the person entitled to receive the 
shares of Common Stock shall be treated for all 
purposes as having become the record holder of such 
shares of Common Stock at such time. The 
Corporation shall not be required to convert, and no 
surrender of shares of the $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock shall be effective for that purpose, 
while the transfer books of the Corporation for the 
Common Stock are closed for any purposes (but not 
for any period in excess of 15 days), but the 
surrender of 
13
<PAGE>

shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock for conversion during any period while such 
books are so closed shall become effective for 
conversion immediately upon the reopening of such 
books, as if the conversion had been made on the 
date such shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock were surrendered, and at the Conversion Price 
in effect at the date of such surrender. 

(C) Adjustment to Conversion Price. The 
Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time 
as follows: 

(i) In case the Corporation shall hereafter 
pay a dividend or make a distribution to all holders 
of the outstanding Common Stock in shares of Common 
Stock, the Conversion Price in effect at the opening 
of business on the date following the Record Date 
(as defined in Section 10) for such dividend or 
other distribution shall be reduced by multiplying 
such Conversion Price by a fraction of which the 
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common 
Stock outstanding at the close of business on such 
Record Date and the denominator shall be the sum of 
such number of shares and the total number of shares 
constituting such dividend or other distribution, 
such reduction to become effective immediately after 
the opening of business on the day following such 
Record Date. The Corporation will not pay any 
dividend or make any distribution on shares of 
Common Stock held in the treasury of the 
Corporation. 

(ii) In case the Corporation shall hereafter 
issue rights or warrants to all holders of its 
outstanding shares of Common Stock entitling them 
(for a period expiring within 45 days after the 
Record Date fixed for distribution of such rights or 
warrants) to subscribe for or purchase shares of 
Common Stock at a price per share less than the 
Current Market Price (as defined in Section 10) on 
such Record Date, the Conversion Price shall be 
adjusted so that the same shall equal the price 
determined by multiplying the Conversion Price in 
effect at the close of business on such Record Date 
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the 
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at the 
close of business on such Record Date plus the 
number of shares which 

14

<PAGE>

the aggregate offering price 
of the total number of shares so offered would 
purchase at such Current Market Price, and of which 
the denominator shall be the number of shares of 
Common Stock outstanding on such Record Date plus 
the total number of additional shares of Common 
Stock offered for subscription or purchase. Such 
adjustment shall become effective immediately after 
the opening of business on the day following the 
Record Date for distribution of such rights or 
warrants. To the extent that shares of Common Stock 
are not delivered after the expiration of such 
rights or warrants, the Conversion Price shall be 
readjusted to the Conversion Price which would then 
be in effect had the adjustments made in respect of 
the issuance of such rights or warrants been made on 
the basis of delivery of only the number of shares 
of Common Stock actually delivered. 

(iii) In case outstanding shares of Common 
Stock shall be subdivided into a greater number of 
shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in 
effect at the opening of business on the day 
following the Record Date for such subdivision shall 
be proportionately reduced, and conversely, in case 
outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be combined 
into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, the 
Conversion Price in effect at the opening of 
business on the day following the Record Date for 
such combination shall be proportionately increased, 
such reduction or increase, as the case may be, to 
become effective immediately after the opening of 
business on the day following the applicable Record 
Date. 

(iv) Subject to the last sentence of this 
Section 9(C)(iv), in case the Corporation shall, by 
dividend or otherwise, distribute to all holders of 
its Common Stock shares of any class of capital 
stock (other than a dividend or distribution to 
which Section 9(C)(i) applies) or evidences of its 
indebtedness or assets (including securities, but 
excluding any dividend or distribution to which 
Section 9(C)(ii) applies, and excluding any dividend 
or distribution (x) in connection with the 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 
Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary or (y) 
paid exclusively in cash) (any of the foregoing 
being hereinafter in this Section 9(C)(iv) called 
the "Securi-

15
<PAGE>

ties"), then, in each such case, unless 
the Corporation elects to reserve such Securities 
for distribution to the holders of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock upon the conversion 
thereof so that any such holder converting such 
shares will receive upon such conversion, in 
addition to the shares of the Common Stock to which 
such holder is entitled, the amount and kind of such 
Securities which such holder would have received if 
such holder had, immediately prior to the Record 
Date for the distribution of the Securities, 
converted such shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock into Common Stock, the Conversion 
Price shall be reduced so that the same shall equal 
the price determined by multiplying the Conversion 
Price in effect at the close of business on the 
Record Date for such distribution by a fraction of 
which the numerator shall be the Current Market 
Price of the Common Stock on such Record Date less 
the fair market value (as defined in Section 10, as 
determined by the Board, whose determination shall 
be conclusive and described in a resolution of the 
Board), on such Record Date, of the portion of the 
Securities so distributed applicable to one share of 
Common Stock and the denominator shall be such 
Current Market Price per share of the Common Stock, 
such reduction to become effective immediately prior 
to the opening of business on the day following the 
Record Date; provided, however, that in the event 
the then fair market value (as so determined) of the 
portion of the Securities so distributed applicable 
to one share of Common Stock is equal to or greater 
than the Current Market Price of the Common Stock on 
such Record Date, in lieu of the foregoing 
adjustment, adequate provision shall be made so that 
each holder of shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock shall have the right to receive upon 
conversion thereof the amount and kind of Securities 
such holder would have received had he converted 
such shares on such Record Date. If the Board 
determines the fair market value of any distribution 
for purposes of this Section 9(C)(iv) by reference 
to the actual or when issued trading market for any 
securities comprising a distribution of Securities, 
it must in doing so consider the prices in such 
market over the same period used in computing the 
Current Market Price of the Common Stock. 

16
<PAGE>

(v) In case (i) the Corporation shall, by 
dividend or otherwise, at any time distribute to all 
holders of its Common Stock cash (excluding (x) any 
quarterly cash dividend on the Common Stock to the 
extent the aggregate cash dividend per share of 
Common Stock in any fiscal quarter does not exceed 
the greater of (a) the amount per share of Common 
Stock of the next preceding quarterly cash dividend 
on the Common Stock to the extent such preceding 
quarterly dividend did not require any adjustment of 
the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 
9(C)(v) (as adjusted to reflect subdivisions or 
combinations of the Common Stock), and (b) 3.75% of 
the average of the daily Closing Prices (as defined 
in Section 10) per share of the Common Stock for the 
ten consecutive Trading Days (as "Trading Day" is 
defined in Section 10) immediately prior to the date 
of declaration of such dividend and (y) any dividend 
or distribution in connection with the liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, 
whether voluntary or involuntary), then, in each 
such case, unless the Corporation elects to reserve 
such an amount of cash for distribution to the 
holders of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock 
upon the conversion of the shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock so that any such holder 
converting such shares will receive upon such 
conversion, in addition to the shares of the Common 
Stock to which such holder is entitled, the amount 
of cash which such holder would have received if 
such holder had, immediately prior to the Record 
Date for such distribution of cash, converted its 
shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock into 
Common Stock, the Conversion Price shall be reduced 
so that the same shall equal the price determined by 
multiplying the Conversion Price in effect at the 
close of business on such Record Date by a fraction 
of which the numerator shall be the average of the 
daily Closing Prices per share of Common Stock for 
the ten consecutive Trading Days immediately prior 
to such Record Date less the amount of cash so 
distributed (to the extent not excluded as provided 
above) applicable to one share of Common Stock and 
the denominator shall be such Current Market Price 
of the Common Stock, such reduction to become 
effective immediately prior to the opening of 
business on the day following such Record Date; 
provided, however, that in the event 

17
<PAGE>

the portion of 
the cash so distributed applicable to one share of 
Common Stock is equal to or greater than the average 
of the daily Closing Prices per share of Common 
Stock for the ten consecutive Trading Days 
immediately prior to such Record Date, in lieu of 
the foregoing adjustment, adequate provision shall 
be made so that each holder of shares of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock shall thereafter have 
the right to receive upon conversion the amount of 
cash such holder would have received had he 
converted each share of $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock on such Record Date. 

(vi) In case of the consummation of a tender 
or exchange offer made by the Corporation or any 
subsidiary of the Corporation for all or any portion 
of the Common Stock that involves the payment by the 
Corporation or such subsidiary of consideration per 
share of Common Stock having a fair market value (as 
determined by the Board, whose determination shall 
be conclusive and described in a resolution of the 
Board) at the last time (the "Expiration Time") 
tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such 
tender or exchange offer (as it shall have been 
amended) that exceeds the Closing Price per share of 
Common Stock on the Trading Day next preceding the 
Expiration Time, the Conversion Price shall be 
reduced so that the same shall equal the price 
determined by multiplying the Conversion Price in 
affect immediately prior to the Expiration Time by a 
fraction of which the numerator shall be the number 
of shares of Common Stock outstanding (including any 
tendered or exchanged shares) on the Expiration Time 
multiplied by the Closing Price per share of Common 
Stock on the Trading Day next preceding the 
Expiration Time and the denominator shall be the sum 
of (x) the fair market value (determined as 
aforesaid) of the aggregate consideration payable to 
stockholders based on the acceptance (up to any 
maximum specified in the terms of the tender or 
exchange offer) of all shares validly tendered or 
exchanged and not withdrawn as of the Expiration 
Time (the shares deemed so accepted, up to any such 
maximum, being referred to as the "Purchased 
Shares") and (y) the product of the number of shares 
of Common Stock outstanding (less any Purchased 
Shares) on the Expiration Time and the Closing Price 
per share of Com-

18
<PAGE>

mon Stock on the Trading Day next 
preceding the Expiration Time, such reduction to 
become effective immediately prior to the opening of 
business on the day following the Expiration Time. 

(vii) The Corporation may make such reductions 
in the Conversion Price, in addition to those 
required by this Section 9(C), as the Board 
considers to be advisable to avoid or diminish any 
income tax to holders of Common Stock or rights to 
purchase Common Stock resulting from any dividend or 
distribution of stock (or rights to acquire stock) 
or from any event treated as such for income tax 
purposes. To the extent permitted by applicable 
law, the Corporation from time to time may reduce 
the Conversion Price by any amount for any period of 
time if the period is at least 20 days, the 
reduction is irrevocable during the period and the 
Board shall have made a determination that such 
reduction would be in the best interests of the 
Corporation, which determination shall be 
conclusive. Whenever the Conversion Price is 
reduced pursuant to the preceding sentence, the 
Corporation shall mail to holders of record of the 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock a notice of the 
reduction at least 15 days prior to the date the 
reduced Conversion Price takes effect, and such 
notice shall state the reduced Conversion Price and 
the period it will be in effect. 

(viii) No adjustment in the Conversion Price 
shall be required unless such adjustment would 
require a change of at least 1% in the Conversion 
Price then in effect; provided, however, that any 
adjustment that would otherwise be required to be 
made shall be carried forward and taken into account 
in determining any subsequent adjustment. 

(ix) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Section 9, no adjustment to the Conversion 
Price shall reduce the Conversion Price below the 
then par value per share of the Common Stock, and 
any such purported adjustment shall instead reduce 
the Conversion Price to such par value. The 
Corporation hereby covenants not to take any action 
(a) to increase the par value per share of the 
Common Stock or (b) that would or does result in any 
adjustment in the Conversion Price that, if made 
with-

19
<PAGE>

out giving effect to the previous sentence, 
would cause the Conversion Price to be less than the 
then par value per share of the Common Stock, 
provided, however, that the covenant in this 
sentence shall be suspended if within 10 days of 
determining in good faith that such action would 
result in such adjustment (but not later than the 
Business Day next following the effectiveness of 
such adjustment), the Corporation gives notice of 
redemption of all outstanding shares of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock, and affects the 
redemption referred to in such notice on the 
redemption date referred to therein in compliance 
with Section 5, but the covenant in this sentence 
shall be retroactively reinstated if such notice and 
redemption does not occur. 

(x) Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted 
as herein provided: 

(1) The Corporation shall compute the 
adjusted Conversion Price and shall prepare a 
certificate signed by the Treasurer or an 
Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation setting 
forth the adjusted Conversion Price and showing 
in reasonable detail the facts upon which such 
adjustment is based, and such certificate shall 
forthwith be filed with the Transfer Agent; and 

(2) A notice stating the Conversion Price 
has been adjusted and setting forth the 
adjusted Conversion Price shall as soon as 
practicable be mailed by the Corporation to all 
record holders of shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock at their last addresses as they 
shall appear upon the stock transfer books of 
the Corporation. 

(xi) In any case in which this Section 9(C) 
provides that an adjustment shall become effective 
immediately after a Record Date for an event, the 
Corporation may defer until the occurrence of such 
event (a) issuing to the holder of any share of 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock converted after 
such Record Date and before the occurrence of such 
event the additional shares of Common Stock issuable 
upon such conversion by reason of the adjustment 

20
<PAGE>

required by such event over and above the Common 
Stock issuable upon such conversion before giving 
effect to such adjustment and (b) paying to such 
holder any amount in cash in lieu of any fractional 
share of Common Stock pursuant to Section 9(D). 

(D) No Fractional Shares. No fractional 
shares or scrip representing fractional shares of 
Common Stock shall be issued upon conversion of 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock. Instead of any 
fractional share of Common Stock that would 
otherwise be issuable upon conversion of any shares 
of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock, and in the 
sole discretion of the Board, either (i) such 
fractional interest will be rounded up to the next 
whole share or (ii) an appropriate amount will be 
paid in cash by the Corporation. In the event that 
the Board determines that the Corporation shall pay 
a cash adjustment in respect of such fractional 
interest, such adjustment shall be in an amount 
equal to the same fraction of the Closing Price (as 
defined in Section 10) of a share of Common Stock 
(or, if there is no such Closing Price, the fair 
market value of a share of Common Stock, as 
determined or prescribed by the Board) at the close 
of business on the Trading Date immediately 
preceding the date of conversion. 

(E) Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger or 
Sale of Assets. In the event that the Corporation 
shall be a party to any transaction (including 
without limitation any (i) recapitalization or 
reclassification of the Common Stock (other than a 
change in par value, or from par value to no par 
value, or from no par value to par value, or as a 
result of a subdivision or combination of the Common 
Stock), (ii) any consolidation or merger of the 
Corporation with or into any other person or any 
merger of another person into the Corporation (other 
than a merger which does not result in a 
reclassification, conversion, exchange or 
cancellation of outstanding shares of Common Stock 
of the Corporation), (iii) any sale or transfer of 
all or substantially all of the assets of the 
Corporation, or (iv) any compulsory share exchange) 
pursuant to which the Common Stock shall be 
exchanged for, converted into, acquired for or 
constitute solely the right to receive 

21
<PAGE>

other 
securities, cash or other property, then appropriate 
provision shall be made as part of the terms of such 
transaction whereby (1) in the case of any such 
transaction not constituting a Common Stock 
Fundamental Change (as defined in Section 9(I)) and 
subject to funds being legally available therefor at 
the time of such conversion, the holder of each 
share of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock then 
outstanding shall thereafter have the right to 
convert such share only into the kind and amount of 
securities, cash and other property receivable upon 
such recapitalization, reclassification, 
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share 
exchange by a holder of the number of shares of 
Common Stock into which such share of $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock might have been 
converted immediately prior to such transaction, 
after giving effect, in the case of any Non-Stock 
Fundamental Change, to any adjustment in the 
Conversion Price required by the provisions of 
Section 9(H), and (2) in the case of a Common Stock 
Fundamental Change, the holder of each share of 
$2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding 
shall thereafter have the right to convert such 
share only into common stock of the kind received by 
holders of Common Stock as a result of such Common 
Stock Fundamental Change in an amount determined 
pursuant to the provisions of Section 9(H). The 
Corporation or the person formed by such 
consolidation or resulting from such merger or which 
acquired such assets or which acquired the 
Corporation's shares, as the case may be, shall make 
provisions in its certificate or articles of 
incorporation or other constituent document to 
establish such right. Such certificate or articles 
of incorporation or other constituent document shall 
provide for adjustments which, for events subsequent 
to the effective date of such certificate or 
articles or incorporation or other constituent 
document, shall be nearly equivalent as may be 
practicable to the adjustments provided for in this 
Section 9. The above provisions shall similarly 
apply to successive transactions of the type 
described in this Section 9(E). 

(F) Reservation of Shares; Transfer Taxes; 
Etc. The Corporation shall at all times reserve and 
keep available, out of its authorized and unissued 

22

<PAGE>

stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the 
conversion of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred 
Stock, such number of shares of its Common Stock 
free of preemptive rights as shall from time to time 
be sufficient to effect the conversion of all shares 
of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock from time to 
time outstanding. The Corporation shall from time 
to time, in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware, use its best efforts to increase the 
authorized number of shares of Common Stock if at 
any time the number of shares of authorized and 
unissued Common Stock shall not be sufficient to 
permit the conversion of all the then outstanding 
shares of $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock. 

If any shares of Common Stock required to be 
reserved for purposes of conversion of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock hereunder require 
registration with or approval of any governmental 
authority under any Federal or State law before such 
shares may be issued upon conversion, the 
Corporation will in good faith and as expeditiously 
as possible endeavor to cause such shares to be duly 
registered or approved, as the case may be. If the 
Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock 
Exchange or any other national securities exchange, 
the Corporation will, in good faith and as 
expeditiously as possible, endeavor, if permitted by 
the rules of such exchange, to list and keep listed 
on such exchange, upon official notice of issuance, 
all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion 
of the $2.625 Convertible Preferred Stock. 

(G) Prior Notice of Certain Events. In case: 

(i) The Corporation shall (1) declare any 
dividend (or any other distribution) on its Common 
Stock, other than (A) a dividend payable in shares 
of Common Stock or (B) a dividend payable solely in 
cash for which no adjustment to the Conversion Price 
is required by Section 9(C)(v) hereof or (2) declare 
or authorize a redemption or repurchase of in excess 
of 10% of the then outstanding shares of Common 
Stock; or 

(ii) The Corporation shall authorize the 
granting to all holders of Common Stock of rights or 

23 
<PAGE>

warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of 
stock of any class or of any other rights or 
warrants; or 

(iii) Of any reclassification of Common Stock 
(other than a subdivision or combination of the 
outstanding Common Stock, or a change in par value, 
or from par value to no par value, or from no par 
value to par value), or of any consolidation or 
merger to which the Corporation is a party and for 
which approval of any stockholders of the 
Corporation shall be required, or of the sale or 
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets 
of the Corporation or of any compulsory share 
exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into 
other securities, cash or other property; or 

(iv) Of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 
Corporation; then the Corporation shall cause to be 
filed with the Transfer Agent, and shall cause to be 
mailed to the holders of record of the $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock, at their last addresses as they 
shall appear upon the stock transfer books of the 
Corporation, at least 15 days prior to the 
applicable record date hereinafter specified, a 
notice stating (x) the date on which a record (if 
any) is to be taken for the purpose of such 
dividend, distribution, redemption, repurchase or 
granting of rights or warrants or, if a record is 
not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of 
Common Stock of record to be entitled to such 
dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or
warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on 
which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, 
sale, transfer, share exchange, liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up is expected to become 
effective, and the date as of which it is expected 
that holders of Common Stock of record shall be 
entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock 
for securities or other property deliverable upon 
such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, 
transfer, share exchange, liquidation, dissolution 
or winding up. No failure to mail such notice or 
any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall 
affect the validity of the corporate action required 
to be specified in such notice. 

24

<PAGE>

(H) Adjustments in Case of Fundamental 
Changes. Notwithstanding any other provision in 
this Section 9 to the contrary, if any Fundamental 
Change (as defined in Section 9(I)) occurs, then the 
Conversion Price in effect will be adjusted 
immediately after such Fundamental Change (which for 
purposes of such adjustment shall be deemed to occur 
on the earlier of the occurrence of such Fundamental 
Change and the date, if any, fixed for determination 
of stockholders entitled to receive the cash, 
securities, property or other assets distributable 
in such Fundamental Change to holders of the Common 
Stock) as described below: 

(i) In the case of a Non-Stock Fundamental 
Change, the Conversion Price immediately following 
such Non-Stock Fundamental Change shall be the lower 
of (A) the Conversion Price in effect immediately 
prior to such Non-Stock Fundamental Change, but 
after giving effect to any other prior adjustments 
effected pursuant to this Section 9, and (B) the 
product of (1) the greater of the Applicable Price 
(as defined in Section 9(I)) or the then applicable 
Reference Market Price (as defined in Section 9(I)) 
and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is $50 
and the denominator of which is (x) the Redemption 
Price applicable on the date of such Non-Stock 
Fundamental Change (or, for the period commencing on 
February 25, 1994 and ending on February 15, 1995 
and the 12-month periods commencing February 16, 
1995 and 1996, the product of 105.250%, 104.725% and 
104.200%, respectively, times $50), plus (y) an 
amount equal to full cumulative dividends thereon up 
to but excluding the date of such Non-Stock 
Fundamental Change. 

(ii) In the case of a Common Stock Fundamental 
Change, the Conversion Price immediately following 
such Common Stock Fundamental Change shall be the 
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such 
Common Stock Fundamental Change, but after giving 
effect to any other prior adjustments effected 
pursuant to this Section 9, multiplied by a 
fraction, the numerator of which is the Purchaser 
Stock Price (as defined in Section 9(I)) and the 
denominator of which is the Applicable Price; 
provided, however, that in the event of a Common 
Stock Fundamental 

25

<PAGE>

Change in which (A) 100% of the 
value of the consideration received by a holder of 
Common Stock is common stock of the successor, 
acquiror or other third party (and cash, if any, 
paid with respect to any fractional interests in 
such common stock resulting from such Common Stock 
Fundamental Change) and (B) all of the Common Stock 
shall have been exchanged for, converted into or 
acquired for such common stock (and any cash paid 
with respect to fractional interests) of the 
successor, acquiror or other third party, the 
Conversion Price immediately following such Common 
Stock Fundamental Change shall be the Conversion 
Price in effect immediately prior to such Common 
Stock Fundamental Change multiplied by a fraction, 
the numerator of which is one and the denominator of 
which is the number of shares of common stock of the 
successor, acquiror, or other third party received 
by a holder of one share of Common Stock as a result 
of such Common Stock Fundamental Change. 

(I) Definitions. The following definitions 
shall apply to terms used in this Section 9: 

(1) "Applicable Price" shall mean (i) in 
the event of a Non-Stock Fundamental Change in 
which the holders of the Common Stock receive 
only cash, the amount of cash received by the 
holder of one share of Common Stock and (ii) in 
the event of any other Non-Stock Fundamental 
Change or any Common Stock Fundamental Change, 
the average of the reported last sale price for 
one share of the Common Stock (as defined in 
Section 10 under "Closing Price") during the 
ten Trading Days immediately prior to the 
record date fixed for the determination of the 
holders of Common Stock entitled to receive 
cash, securities, property or other assets in 
connection with such Non-Stock Fundamental 
Change or Common Stock Fundamental Change, or, 
if there is no such record date, prior to the 
date upon which the holders of the Common Stock 
shall have the right to receive such cash, 
securities, property or other assets. 

(2) "Common Stock Fundamental Change" 
shall mean any Fundamental Change in which more 

26

<PAGE>

than 50% by value (as determined in good faith 
by the Board) of the consideration received by 
the holders of Common Stock pursuant to such 
transaction consists of common stock that, for 
the ten Trading Days immediately prior to such 
Fundamental Change, has been admitted for 
listing or admitted for listing subject to 
notice of issuance on a national securities 
exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq National 
Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market; provided, 
however, that a Fundamental Change shall not be 
a Common Stock Fundamental Change unless either 
(i) the Corporation continues to exist after 
the occurrence of such Fundamental Change and 
the outstanding shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock continue to exist as 
outstanding shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock, or (ii) not later than the 
occurrence of such Fundamental Change, the 
outstanding shares of $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock are converted into or exchanged 
for shares of convertible preferred stock of a 
corporation succeeding directly or indirectly 
to the business of the Corporation, which 
convertible preferred stock has powers, 
preferences and relative, participating, 
optional or other rights, and qualifications, 
limitations and restrictions substantially 
similar to those of the $2.625 Convertible 
Preferred Stock. 

(3) "Fundamental Change" shall mean the 
occurrence of any transaction or event or 
series of transactions or events pursuant to 
which all or substantially all of the Common 
Stock shall be exchanged for, converted into, 
acquired for or constitute solely the right to 
receive cash, securities, property or other 
assets (whether by means of an exchange offer, 
liquidation, tender offer, consolidation, 
merger, combination, reclassification, 
recapitalization or otherwise); provided, 
however, in the case of any such series of 
transactions or events, for purposes of 
adjustment of the Conversion Price, such 
Fundamental Change shall be deemed to have 
occurred when substantially all of the Common 
Stock of the Corporation shall be exchanged 
for, converted into, or acquired for 

27
<PAGE>

or constitute solely the right to receive cash, 
securities, property or other assets, but the 
adjustment shall be based upon the 
consideration which the holders of Common Stock 
received in such transactions or event as a 
result of which more than 50% of the Common 
Stock of the Corporation shall have been 
exchanged for, converted into, or acquired for 
or constitute solely the right to receive cash, 
securities, property or other assets; provided, 
further, that such term does not include (i) 
any such transaction or event in which the 
Corporation and/or any of its subsidiaries are 
the issuers of all the cash, securities, 
property or other assets exchanged, acquired or 
otherwise issued in such transaction or event, 
or (ii) any such transaction or event in which 
the holders of Common Stock receive securities 
of an issuer other than the Corporation if, 
immediately following such transaction or 
event, such holders hold a majority of the 
securities having the power to vote normally in 
the election of directors of such other issuer 
outstanding immediately following such 
transaction or other event. 

(4) "Non-Stock Fundamental Change" shall 
mean any Fundamental Change other than a Common 
Stock Fundamental Change. 

(5) "Purchaser Stock Price" shall mean, 
with respect to any Common Stock Fundamental 
Change, the average of the Closing Prices (as 
defined in Section 10) for one share of the 
common stock received in such Common Stock 
Fundamental Change during the ten Trading Days 
immediately prior to the date fixed for the 
determination of the holders of Common Stock 
entitled to receive such common stock, or if 
there is no such date, prior to the date upon 
which the holders of the Common Stock shall 
have the right to receive such common stock. 

(6) "Reference Market Price" shall 
initially mean $21.167 (which is an amount 
equal to 66 2/3% of the Closing Price for the 
Common Stock on February 17, 1994), and in the 
event

28
<PAGE>

of any adjustment to the Conversion Price 
other than as a result of a Fundamental Change, 
the Reference Market Price shall also be 
adjusted so that the ratio of the Reference 
Market Price to the Conversion Price after 
giving effect to any such adjustment shall 
always be the same as the ratio of the initial 
Reference Market Price to the initial 
Conversion Price of $39.750 per share. 

(J) Dividend or Interest Reinvestment Plans; 
Other. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, 
the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant 
to any plan providing for the reinvestment of 
dividends or interest payable on securities of the 
Corporation and the investment of additional 
optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any 
such plan, and the issuance of any shares of Common 
Stock or options or rights to purchase such shares 
pursuant to any employee benefit plan or program of 
the Corporation, or pursuant to any option, warrant, 
right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible 
security outstanding as of the date the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock was first designated, 
shall not be deemed to constitute an issuance of 
Common Stock or exercisable, exchangeable or 
convertible securities by the Corporation to which 
any of the adjustment provisions described above 
applies. There shall be no adjustment of the 
Conversion Price in case of the issuance of any 
stock (or securities convertible into or 
exchangeable for stock) of the Corporation except as 
described in this Section 9. Except as expressly 
set forth in this Section 9, if any action would 
require adjustment of the Conversion Price pursuant 
to more than one of the provisions described above, 
only one adjustment shall be made and such 
adjustment shall be the amount of adjustment which 
has the highest absolute value. 

(K) For purposes of this Section 9, the number 
of shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding 
shall not include any shares of Common Stock owned 
or held by or for the account of the Corporation. 

10. Definitions. For purposes of this 
Certificate of Designation of the $2.625 Convertible 
Pre-

29
<PAGE>

ferred Stock, the following terms shall have the 
meanings indicated: 

(A) "Business Day" shall mean any day other 
than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which 
commercial banks in The City of New York are 
authorized or required by law or executive order to 
close or a day which is or is declared a national or 
New York state holiday; 

(B) "Closing Price" with respect to any 
securities on any day shall mean the closing sale 
price regular way on such day or, in case no such 
sale takes place on such day, the average of the 
reported closing bid and asked prices, regular way, 
in each case on the New York Stock Exchange, or, if 
such security is not listed or admitted to trading 
on such Exchange, on the principal national 
securities exchange or quotation system on which 
such security is quoted or listed or admitted to 
trading, or, if not quoted or listed or admitted to 
trading on any national securities exchange or 
quotation system, the average of the closing bid and 
asked prices of such security on the over-the- 
counter market on the day in question as reported by 
the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated, or a 
similarly generally accepted reporting service, or 
if not so available, in such manner as furnished by 
any New York Stock Exchange member firm selected 
from time to time by the Board for that purpose or a 
price determined in good faith by the Board. 

(C) "Fair Market Value" shall mean the amount 
which a willing buyer would pay a willing seller in 
an arm's length transaction. 

(D) "Trading Day" shall mean (x) if the 
applicable security is listed or admitted for 
trading on the New York Stock Exchange or another 
national securities exchange, a day on which the New 
York Stock Exchange or another national securities 
exchange is open for business or (y) if the 
applicable security is quoted on the Nasdaq National 
Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, a day on which 
trades may be made on such Nasdaq National Market or 
(z) if the applicable security is not so listed, 
admitted for trading or quoted, any day other than a 
Saturday or 

30
<PAGE>

Sunday or a day on which banking 
institutions in the State of New York are authorized 
or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

(E) "Transfer Agent" shall mean Chemical 
Shareholder Services, Group, Inc. or any other 
national or state bank or trust company having 
combined capital and surplus of at least 
$100,000,000 and designated by the Corporation as
the transfer agent and/or registrar of the $2.625 
Convertible Preferred Stock, or if no such 
designation is made, the Corporation. 

31 
<PAGE>

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Western Gas Resources, Inc. 
has caused this Certificate to be made under the seal of 
the Corporation and signed by Bill M. Sanderson, its 
President, and attested by John C. Walter, its Secretary, 
this 21st day of February, 1994. 

WESTERN GAS RESOURCES, INC.

By: /s/signature 
Name: Bill M. Sanderson
Title: President 

[SEAL] 

Attest: 

/s/signature 
Name: John C. Walter 
Title: Secretary 

<PAGE>

February 22, 1994 

Western Gas Resources, Inc. 
12200 North Peco Street 
Denver, Colorado 80234 

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3 

Dear Sirs: 

In connection with the filing by Western Gas 
Resources, Inc. of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 
(the "Registration Statement"), with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, you have requested our opinion 
concerning certain federal income tax considerations to 
persons who acquire $2.625 Cumulative Convertible 
Preferred Stock (the "Convertible Preferred Stock"). 

The facts, as we understand them, and upon 
which we rely in rendering our opinion expressed herein, 
are set forth in the Registration Statement. Based upon 
and subject to (i) the accuracy of such facts and (ii) 
the offering being consummated in the manner described in 
the Registration Statement, the information in the 
prospectus included in the Registration Statement under 
the heading "Certain Federal Income Tax Considerations," 
while not purporting to discuss all possible federal 
income tax consequences to purchasers that acquire 
Convertible Preferred Stock expresses our opinion as to 
the material federal income tax considerations applicable 
to such purchasers. 

This opinion is furnished to you solely for use in 
connection with the Registration Statement and may not be 
used, circulated, quoted or otherwise referred to for any 
other purposes without our express written permission. 
We consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to 
the Registration Statement and to the reference to our 
name under the caption "Legal Matters" in the prospectus 
included in the Registration Statement. In giving this 

<PAGE>

consent, we do not agree that we come within the category 
of persons whose consent is required. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/signature
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom 

<PAGE>

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

WESTERN GAS RESOURCES, INC. 
Registrant

Date: February 24, 1994 By: /s/signature
William J. Krysiak 
Vice President - Controller 
(Principal Financial and
Accounting Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>