<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000014637-94-000006.txt : 19940517
<IMS-HEADER>0000014637-94-000006.hdr.sgml : 19940517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000014637-94-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940516
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in control of registrant
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940516

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BROWN & SHARPE MANUFACTURING CO /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000014637
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3540
		IRS NUMBER:				050113140
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05881
		FILM NUMBER:		94528599

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 456
		STREET 2:		PRECISION PK - 200 FRENCHTOWN RD
		CITY:			NORTH KINGSTOWN
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02852
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4018862000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 and 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1943

Date of Report: May 16, 1994

BROWN & SHARPE MANUFACTURING COMPANY
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

DELAWARE 1-5881 050113140
(State or other jurisdiction of (Commission (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation of organization) File Number) Identification No.)

Precision Park, 200 Frenchtown Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island 02852
(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code 401-886-2000

Item 2. Acquisition or Disposition of Assets

Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company through its subsidiary Brown 
& Sharpe International Capital Corporation purchased, on March 24, 1994, 
the stock of the French company Ets. Pierre Roch, S.A. (Roch) and its 
German sister company, Mauser Prazisions - Messmittel GmbH, which 
together manufacture and market micrometers, calipers, height gages, 
digital indicators, and other similar precision measuring instrument 
products. The business is headquartered in Luneville, France which is 
its sole manufacturing site. The German operation is a sales office. 
These operations were purchased from Diehl GmbH & Co. of Nurnberg, 
Germany ("Diehl"). The Company intends to continue using the acquired 
assets in businesses in which they have been previously employed.

The purchase price was delivery to Diehl of 175,000 shares of 
Brown & Sharpe Class A Common Stock, subject to certain post closing 
adjustments and granting Diehl the right to receive additional 50,000 
shares of such stock in the event the Company's Class A Common Stock 
attains a market price of $15 or more per share for a total of 30 days 
or more during any twelve month period within the five years following 
the purchase. The purchase price was determined through negotiation by 
the parties subject to adjustment based on specified closing balance 
sheet changes. Roch entered into a nine year lease agreement to lease 
the Luneville facility from Societe Immobiliere Lunevilloise S.A.R.L., a 
subsidiary of Diehl, for about $34,000 annually and has options to 
purchase the facility during the lease term.

The acquisition has been accounted for by the purchase method of 
accounting, and accordingly, the purchase price has been allocated to 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on an estimate of their 
fair values at the date of acquisition. The book value of the net 
assets exceeded the purchase price before allocation by approximately 
$2,100. The estimated fair values of assets and liabilities after 
allocation are summarized as follows:

Cash $ 1,380,000
Accounts receivable 2,700,000
Inventory 3,250,000
Machinery and equipment 510,000
Accounts payable and accruals 3,880,000
Short-term debt 2,350,000
Long-term debt 410,000
----------- 
$ 1,200,000

The results of operations of the acquired entities are not yet 
available as those companies have not previously reported results under 
U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP). The 
operating results of these companies will be included in the 
consolidated Brown & Sharpe operating results beginning in the second 
quarter of 1994.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(a) Financial Statements of Companies Acquired

Item 2. requires the filing of audited financial statements of the acquired
companies for the years ended December 31, 1991, 1992, and 1993. 
Brown & Sharpe is currently obtaining audit reports and financial 
statements prepared under U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the Company 
herein elects a 60 day extension until June 8, 1994 (75 days from 
the acquisition date) to file these statements.

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information

Pro forma financial information for 1993 will also be provided under cover
of Form 8 by June 8, 1994.

(c) Exhibit

Share Purchase and Transfer Agreement dated March 24, 1994, by and 
between Diehl GmbH & Co., a German company, and Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing
Company and Brown & Sharpe International Capital Corporation, both Delaware 
corporations. Except for Exhibit 13.3.1 to the foregoing Agreement a Commercial
Lease Agreement proposed to be entered into between Societe Immobiliere 
Lunevilloise S.A.R.L., a subsidiary of Diehl, and Ets. Pierre Roch S.A. as
part of the transaction, no additional schedules or exhibits to the foregoing
exhibit are being filed, but are referred to in the schedule list included in 
the exhibit. A copy of such schedules will be furnished supplementally to the
Commission by the registrant upon request.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its 
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

BROWN & SHARPE MANUFACTURING COMPANY

Date: May 16, 1994 By: /s/ Charles A. Junkunc 
Charles A. Junkunc
Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE PURCHASE AND TRANSFER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

Roll of deeds No. _41/1994

Before me,
the undersigned notary public 

Dr. Hannes Schneider

of

Frankfurt am Main

who came upon the request of the parties to the offices of the law firm 
Bruckhaus Westrick Stegemann, Frankfurt am Main appeared today

1. Dr. Gerhard Hederer, whose business address is c/o 
DIEHL GmbH & Co., Stephanstrasse 49, 90478 
Nurnberg, acting on behalf of DIEHL GmbH & Co., 
Stephanstrasse 49, 90478 

Nurnberg, Germany, identifying himself by his valid ID card No. 8920483947.

2. Attorney-at-law Dr. Markus Fisseler, whose business address is 
Taunusanlage 11, 60329 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany, acting on behalf of Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing
Company, 200 Frenchtown Road, Precision Park, North Kingstown, RI 02852, USA 
and Brown & Sharpe International Capital Corporation, 200 Frenchtown Road, 
Precision Park, North Kingstown, RI 02852, USA, personally known to the 
acting notary

<PAGE> 2

The persons appearing excluded any personal liability. They declared that 
they wished to have this deed partly recorded in the English language.

The notary public who is in command of the English language ascertained that 
the persons appearing are also in command of the English language.

Having been advised of their rights the persons appearing waived their rights
to the presence of a sworn interpreter and a certified translation of this 
deed.

The person appearing at 1. presented a written power of attorney and a 
certified excerpt from the commercial register of Nurnberg, evidencing that 
he was duly authorized to represent DIEHL GmbH & Co. in this transaction.

The person appearing at 2. presented to the notary public notarized and 
legalized powers of attorney of Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company and 
Brown & Sharpe International Capital Corporation, respectively, together with
Secretary's Certificates evidencing the authority of the persons who 
have issued the powers of attorney.

Copies of the powers of attorneys, and the Secretary's Certificates are 
attached to this deed.

<PAGE> 3

The notary public advised the persons appearing that he was unfamiliar with 
the laws of United States of America and the laws of France and that, 
therefore, he was unable to accept any responsibility with regard to the 
implementation or enforcement of any provisions of this deed under US or 
French law. The persons appearing accepted this limitation to the liability 
of the notary public.

The persons appearing, acting as aforementioned declared that they wished to
have the following agreement recorded:

<PAGE> 4

SHARE PURCHASE AND TRANSFER AGREEMENT 

between

DIEHL GmbH & Co.
Stephanstrasse 49
90478 Nurnberg
Germany

- hereinafter called "DIEHL" or "Seller" -

and

Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company
200 Frenchtown Road,
Precision Park,
North Kingston,
RI 02852-1700
USA

- hereinafter called "B&S" -

and

B&S's wholly-owned subsidiary

BROWN & SHARPE International Capital Corporation 
200 Frenchtown Road,
Precision Park,
North Kingstown,
RI 02852,
USA

- hereinafter called "ICC" or "Buyer" -

<PAGE> 5
INDEX

Article 1 ETABLISSEMENTS PIERRE ROCH S.A. Page 8
Article 2 MAUSER PRAZISIONS-MESSMITTEL GmbH Page 9
Article 3 Shareholder Loan Page 10
Article 4 Purchase and Sale Page 10
Article 5 Transfer of the ROCH-Shares Page 11
Article 6 Transfer of the MPM-Share Page 12
Article 7 Transfer of the Shareholder Loan Page 12
Article 8 Purchase Price/
Contingent Stock/Price Adjustment Page 12
Article 9 Voting Agreement, B&S Right
of First Refusal, DIEHL Registration
Rights, and Standstill Agreement Page 16
Article 10 Representations and Warranties Page 18
by DIEHL
Article 11 Representations and Warranties by B&S Page 28
Article 12 Liability of Seller and Buyer, B&S Page 30
Article 13 Further Covenants Page 36
Article 14 Costs Page 53
Article 15 Publications Page 53
Article 16 Supplemental Documents Page 53
Article 17 Merger Control Page 53
Article 18 Coming into Force Page 54
Article 19 Applicable Law Page 54
Article 20 Preceding Negotiations and Agreement,
Written Form Requirement Page 54
Article 21 Partial Invalidity Page 54
Article 22 Venue/Arbitration Page 55
Article 23 Communications Page 55

<PAGE> 6

EXHIBITS

Exhibit 8.1.4 20 m FF Debt structure Art. 8.1
Exhibit 10.5.2 Disclosure re: liabilities Art. 10.5
Exhibit 10.8 List of Court Proceedings of Art. 10.8
ROCH and MPM or claims 
against ROCH and MPM
Exhibit 10.10.3 Legal safety requirements Art. 10.10
Exhibit 10.11.1 List of Senior Employees Art. 10.11
Exhibit 10.12.1 Pension / bonus arrangements Art. 10.12
Exhibit 10.12.2 Termination liabilities Art. 10.12
Exhibit 10.13.1 Exemptions to ownership of 
Industrial Property Rights Art. 10.13.
Exhibit 10.13.2 Industrial Property Rights Art. 10.13.
Exhibit 10.13.3 Infringement Art. 10.13.
Exhibit 10.14 Agreements with Affiliates Art. 10.14
Exhibit 10.19 Banking Relations Art. 10.19
Exhibit 13.1.7 Patents etc. to be transferred Art. 13.1.7
Exhibit 13.3.1 Real Estate Lease Art. 13.3
Exhibit 13.3.2 Option Formula Art. 13.3
Exhibit 13.4 License Agreement Art. 13.4

<PAGE> 7

Preamble

As per December 17, 1993 DIEHL and B&S have negotiated for the sale and 
transfer of, effectively, all assets used in the worldwide conduct of 
DIEHL's non-CMM Metrology Business, the Roch precision measuring instruments
business ("RPMI Business"). Consequently, DIEHL is willing to sell to B&S or 
its designee ICC, and B&S has the intention to cause ICC to purchase from 
DIEHL, pursuant and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, 
approximately 99.8 % of the share capital of ETABLISSEMENTS PIERRE ROCH S.A.
and all of the share capital of MAUSER PRAZISIONS-MESSMITTEL GmbH. The 
aforementioned companies hold all assets and rights of the DIEHL group 
appertaining to the RPMI-Business.

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, B&S desires to issue 
to DIEHL, and DIEHL desires to acquire from B&S,

(i) 175,000 shares of Class A common stock of B&S (to be adjusted in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement) and 

(ii) under certain conditions set forth herein, an additional 50,000 shares 
of Class A common stock of B&S.

As a condition to its acquisition of shares of common stock hereunder, DIEHL
has required that B&S provide DIEHL with certain rights to register the 
Class A common stock, and all other common stock issued hereunder to DIEHL.

Therefore, DIEHL, B&S and ICC enter into this.

<PAGE> 8

SHARE PURCHASE AND TRANSFER AGREEMENT

1. ETABLISSEMENTS PIERRE ROCH S.A.

1.1 ETABLISSEMENTS PIERRE ROCH S.A., 13 et 15, Avenue Georges de la Tour, 
54300 Luneville - hereinafter called "ROCH", is a Stock Corporation 
(Societe Anonyme a Directoire et Conseil de Surveillance), organized and
existing in accordance with the laws of France.

1.2 The share capital of ROCH amounts to FF 11,750,000. It is divided into
235,000 shares of FF 50 each.

1.3 DIEHL is holding, directly or indirectly, 234,513 shares (including 200 
shares held by the four members of the Supervisory Board); accordingly 
DIEHL holds approximately 99.8 % of the share capital of ROCH. These 
shares have been deposited at Societe Nanceienne, Varin-Bernier, Nancy 
and carry the account numbers 84.39, 95.06, 28.13, 92.15, 91.18. They 
are hereinafter called the "ROCH-Shares".

1.4 ROCH is registered in the Commercial Register of Nancy under the 
registration no. B 761.800.671.

1.5 The share capital of ROCH has been fully paid and no repayment of share 
capital (openly or concealed) has occurred.

1.6 ROCH owns no participations in other legal entities or partnerships or 
companies of any nature whatsoever nor is it under the obligation 
to acquire such participations, except shares in PMI Inc. ROCH has made 
adequate reserves on its books for costs in connection with the 
dissolution of that company.

<PAGE> 9

2. MAUSER PRAZISIONS-MESSMITTEL GmbH

2.1 MAUSER PRAZISIONS-MESSMITTEL GmbH, Stephanstrasse 49, 90478 Nurnberg, - 
hereinafter called "MPM" - is a limited liability company (Gesellschaft 
mit beschrankter Haftung), organized and existing in accordance with the
laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.

2.2 The share capital of MPM amounts to DM 50,000 and consists of 1 (one) 
share.

2.3 DIEHL is holding this share in the nominal value of DM 50,000 - 
hereinafter called the "MPM-Share" -; accordingly DIEHL holds 100 % of 
the share capital of MPM.

2.4 MPM is registered in the Commercial Register of the Lower Court 
(Amtsgericht) of Nurnberg, registration no. HRB 5781.

2.5 The share capital of MPM has been fully paid and no repayment of share 
capital has occurred.

2.6 MPM owns no participations in other legal entitites or partnerships or 
companies of any nature whatsoever nor is it under the obligation 
to acquire such participations.

3. SHAREHOLDER LOAN

As per today, DIEHL is the owner of two shareholder loans in ROCH which 
resulted from various business dealings between DIEHL and ROCH and amount, 
as of today, to FF 1,670,000.00 and FF 5,221,046.00 - to that amount 
collectively hereinafter referred to as the "Shareholder Loan" -.

<PAGE> 10

4. PURCHASE AND SALE

4.1 Seller hereby sells to ICC and B&S hereby causes ICC to buy from Seller 
economically effective as per 12/31/93, 24 o'clock / 1/1/94, 0 o'clock, 
Central European Time (CET), according to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, the ROCH Shares which constitute 99.8 % of the total share 
capital of ROCH of FF 11,750,000.

4.2 Seller hereby sells to ICC and B&S hereby causes ICC to buy from Seller 
economically effective as per 12/31/93, 24 o'clock / 1/1/94, 0 o'clock, 
Central European Time (CET), according to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, the MPM-Share which constitutes the total share capital of 
MPM in the nominal value of DM 50,000 (Deutsche Mark fifty thousand).

4.3 Seller hereby sells to ICC and B&S hereby causes ICC to buy from Seller 
economically effective as per 12/31/93, 24 o'clock / 1/1/94, 0 o'clock, 
central European time (CET), according to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, the Shareholder Loan. Any remaining claims of DIEHL against ROCH 
shall remain ordinary payables of ROCH. These payables shall be repaid within 4 
weeks after the signing of this contract.

4.4 The rights to dividends, if any, of ROCH and MPM shall pass to the Buyer
as of the date mentioned in 4.1 and 4.2 above.

5. TRANSFER OF THE ROCH-SHARES 

5.1 The ROCH-Shares held by DIEHL are transferred to ICC with effect of 24 
March, 1994, 12 p.m. (noon) Central European Time (CET), and ICC accepts the 
transfer of the ROCH-Shares.

5.2 All ROCH-Shares (save for the shares held by the four members of the 
Supervisory Board) are at the moment deposited at Societe Nanceienne, Varin-
Bernier/SNVB, 4 Place Maginot, 54000 Nancy, in the account no. 84.39. DIEHL 
will give order to SNVB (ordre de mouvement) to execute the transfer of 
such ROCH-Shares to an account established by Buyer, and provide evidence 
that SNVB has executed the order. 

5.3 DIEHL shall procure that the remaining 200 shares, account nos. 28.13, 
91.18, 95.06, 92.15, held by the four members of the Supervisory Board will 
be transferred, to the extent legally permitted, to their successors upon 
the request of ICC.

<PAGE> 11

6. TRANSFER OF THE MPM-SHARE

The MPM-Share held by DIEHL is transferred to ICC with effect of 24 March 
1994, 12 p.m. (noon) Central European Time (CET), and ICC accepts the 
transfer of the MPM-Share.

7. TRANSFER OF THE SHAREHOLDER LOAN

The Shareholder Loan held by DIEHL is transferred to ICC with effect of 
24 March 1994, 12 p.m. (noon) Central European Time (CET), and ICC 
accepts the transfer of the Shareholder-Loan.

8. PURCHASE PRICE/CONTINGENT STOCK/PRICE ADJUSTMENT

8.1 The purchase price (hereinafter the "Price") for the ROCH Shares and the
MPM Share, sold and transferred to ICC according to this Agreement is 
as follows:

8.1.1 Class A Stock: B&S will issue to DIEHL a certain amount, up to but not
to exceed in the aggregate 250,000, shares of B&S Class A Common Stock, $ 
1.00 par value per share (the "Class A Stock"), with each share having
one vote, as follows:

8.1.1.1 B&S shall issue 34,650 shares (to be adjusted in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement) of Class A Stock without further 
compensation by DIEHL in exchange for the sale and transfer to ICC 
of the ROCH Shares and the MPM Share.

8.1.1.2 B&S shall issue 140,350 additional shares of Class A Stock to DIEHL 
at a price of FF 57/share, for cash in a total amount of FF 8,000,000
(eight million).

8.1.2 Contingent Stock Right: In addition DIEHL receives a contingent, non-
assignable right (the "Class A Stock Right") to obtain 50,000 
additional shares of Class A Stock (the "Contingent Stock") without 
further compensation.

Such Class A Stock Right will be exercisable if and only if during the 5- 
(five) year period following the transfer of the shares of ROCH and 
MPM the closing price of B&S Class A Common Stock, on the New York Stock 
Exchange on which such shares are trading equals or exceeds $ 15 per 
share for any 30 (thirty) business days (whether consecutive or not) over 
any twelve-months period of time. On the expiration date of such five-year 
period, DIEHL's Class A Stock Right shall expire and be extinguished having 
no further force and effect.

<PAGE> 12

8.1.3 Registration: The foregoing Class A Stock, the Class A Stock Right and
the Contingent Stock are to be issued initially without registration 
under US securities laws but may be registered pursuant to Article 
13.2.1 or 13.2.2..

B&S will use and apply the cash proceeds of payment by DIEHL for the 
foregoing shares of Class A Stock to the extent that should be 
necessary to obtain a full release of DIEHL from the existing 
Commerzbank AG, Paris, credit line.

8.1.4 Retention of ROCH and MPM Debt: "Debt" within the meaning of this 
Agreement shall be defined as including all third-party financial 
institution short-term and long-term borrowings; and any and 
all off-balance sheet financing including sold/discounted receivables,
notes or the like.

DIEHL has arranged to waive its shareholder loan in the amount of 
DM 2,495,176.63 which it has advanced to MPM, to take economic effect
as of 12/31/93; this has lead to the extinction of all MPM Debt 
vis-a-vis DIEHL as of that date. DIEHL has arranged, as of 12/31/93, 
for the reduction of the Debt (as defined above) of ROCH so as to bring 
the total Debt of the two companies to FF 20 million, by repaying bank
obligations of ROCH sufficient to bring the total Debt of the 
companies up to the aforementioned amount, and so as to achieve a 
structure of the Debt as set out in Exhibit 8.1.4. All remaining 
balances under the current account arrrangements between DIEHL, MPM 
and ROCH shall be settled within four weeks after the signing of this 
Agreement.

8.1.5. Adjustments on Stock Splits and other Capital Changes: In the event 
of any stock split, dividend distribution, combination, 
reclassification, exchange of B&S Class A common stock or any other 
capital stock of B&S or any other transaction or event that changes 
the character or amount of the Class A Stock beneficially held by 
DIEHL (each an "Adjustment Event"), the parties hereto agree that 
adjustments shall be made in the character and number of shares of 
such Class A Stock beneficially held by DIEHL at the time of such 
Adjustment Event such that (x) the amount and value of the Class A 
Stock beneficially owned by DIEHL immediately after the Adjustment 
Event in relation to the number and value of the shares of Class A 
common stock or other capital stock of B&S held by all shareholders 
shall be equal to (y) the number of shares of Class A Stock 
beneficially owned by DIEHL immediately prior to such Adjustment 
Event in relation to the number of shares of Class A common stock and
any other capital stock owned by all shareholders of B&S 
immediately prior to such Adjustment Event; provided, however, that 
in the event of any merger, consolidation or other business 
combination involving B&S, or the partial or complete liquidation 
thereof (each, a "Business Reorganization"), DIEHL shall be entitled 
to receive the value and amount of securities or other consideration 
in relation to the total value and amount of outstanding securities 
of B&S to which DIEHL would have been entitled in the absence of such
Business Reorganization.

<PAGE> 13

8.2 Price Adjustment:

8.2.1 The Price pursuant to Article 8.1.1.1 has been established on the basis
of the estimated Losses defined below; it shall be adjusted by 
increasing or decreasing the number of shares of Class A Stock to be 
issued pursuant to 8.1.1.1 by applying the following formula on the 
basis of the actual Losses:

x = Losses
------ 
2 x 57, whereby x = amount of shares
of Class A Stock (rounded down to the next available amount of shares)

8.2.2 "Losses" as used in this Agreement shall include the consolidated 
losses in FF of ROCH and MPM for the time period from January 1, 1994 
up to the 23rd of March, 1994 (the "Interim Period"). 

8.2.3 The Losses shall be established by the present auditors of ROCH and 
MPM, whose opinion shall be binding upon the parties in the absence of 
manifest error.

8.2.4 For the purposes of establishing of the Price Adjustment the Class A 
Stock shall be calculated at FF 57 per share; losses incurred in DM 
shall be converted to FF at a rate of 3.44 FF/DM.

8.3 The purchase price for the Shareholder Loan shall be DM 1. Receipt by 
DIEHL is hereby acknowledged.

8.4 Upon the signing of this Agreement and at any time thereafter when due 
B&S shall convey, assign, transfer and deliver to DIEHL stock certificates 
representing B&S common stock as owed by B&S pursuant to this Agreement,
duly endorsed or accompanied by duly executed stock powers, in proper 
form for transfer and with all appropriate stock transfer tax stamps 
affixed. B&S hereby agrees and covenants with DIEHL that at any time 
and from time to time after the date hereof, it shall execute and 
deliver such further instruments of conveyance, assignment, transfer, 
endorsement, direction and authorization as shall be sufficient, 
requisite and advisable, in the opinion of DIEHL or its counsel, to 
effect the conveyance, assignment, transfer and delivery of all such 
shares of common stock to DIEHL.

8.5 Upon signing of this Agreement, in satisfaction of its obligation under 
Article 8.1.1.2 DIEHL shall deliver to B&S by bank cheque of Societe 
Generale, Elsassische Bank an amount equal to FF 8 million (Eight million
French Francs).

<PAGE> 14

9. Voting Agreement, B&S First Refusal, DIEHL Registration Rights and 
Standstill Agreement

9.1 Voting Agreement: DIEHL agrees to vote all shares of Class A Stock or 
any other class of voting security of B&S, now or hereafter owned or 
controlled by it, to elect as directors, in any election of directors of
B&S subsequent to the date hereof, such persons as designated by B&S as 
nominees for directors of the board of directors of B&S. DIEHL shall not
vote to remove any member of the board of directors of B&S designated in 
accordance with this Article 9.1.; provided, however, that the agree-
ments contained in this Article 9.1 shall terminate and be of no further 
force and effect upon the first to occur of any of the following dates 
or events: (i) December 31, 1995; (ii) the transfer by DIEHL of its 
shares of Class A common stock to a third party; or (iii) the occurrence
of a change in control (as such term is defined in the Act (as defined 
in Article 14.2)) with respect to B&S.

9.2 B&S Right to First Refusal to Purchase DIEHL Class A Stock: If at any 
time within two years from the date hereof DIEHL wishes to sell, assign 
or transfer, by gift or otherwise, to one person more than 100,000 
shares of Class A common stock in one transaction or a series of tran-
sactions, DIEHL shall first submit a written offer (an "Offer") to 
sell, assign, or transfer such shares to B&S, on terms and conditions, 
including price, not less favorable to B&S than those on which DIEHL 
proposes to sell, assign or transfer such shares of Class A Stock to the
transferee.

The Offer shall disclose (i) the identity of the proposed transferee; (ii) 
the number of shares proposed to be sold, assigned or transferred; 
(iii) the terms of the proposed sale, assignment or transfer; and (iv) any 
other material facts relating to the proposed sale, assignment or transfer.

B&S shall have a period of ten (10) days after receipt of such Offer (the
"Exercise Period") during which to accept or reject it. In the event 
that B&S shall elect on a timely basis to purchase or otherwise acquire the 
shares covered by the Offer, B&S shall communicate in writing such 
election ("Purchase Election") to DIEHL. The Purchase Election shall specify
a date for the closing of such sale or transfer to occur within five (5) 
business days from the date of the Purchase Election. A Purchase Election 
shall, when taken in conjunction with the Offer, be deemed to constitute a 
valid, legally binding and enforceable agreement for the transfer of the 
shares covered thereby. In the event that B&S shall not elect to purchase or
otherwise acquire all of the shares offered pursuant to the Offer by DIEHL,
the shares not so purchased or otherwise acquired may be sold, assigned or 
transferred by DIEHL within a reasonable time after the expiration of the 
Exercise Period. Any such sale, assignment or transfer shall be to the same 
proposed transferee, at not less than the price and upon other terms and 
conditions not more favorable to the transferee than those specified in the 
Offer. Any shares not sold, assigned or transferred within such period after
the expiration of the Exercise Period shall continue to be subject to the 
requirements of a prior offer to B&S pursuant to this Article 9.2.

<PAGE> 15

9.3 DIEHL shall have the right to registration of its shares of Class A 
Stock pursuant to Articles 13.2.1 and 13.2.2. B&S will endeavour to 
guide DIEHL to facilitate, (subject to B&S's right of first refusal set
forth in Article 9.2), the sale of any agreed upon amount of DIEHL 
shares of Class A Stock to likely accredited institutional buyers 
prior to the expiration of the Rule 144 24-month holding period who 
would be permitted under applicable rules to purchase the stock for 
investment. After expiration of such 24-month period, DIEHL will be free
to sell its B&S Shares in accordance with the provisions of Article 13.2.

9.4 Standstill Agreement: DIEHL will not, and guarantees that none of its 
affiliates (within the meaning of Sec. 16 pp Stock Corporation Act) will, 
purchase or otherwise acquire any additional shares of B&S stock without
prior approval from B&S's Board of Directors except however as may be 
necessary to maintain the level of their ownership interest in B&S if 
B&S issues stock for cash.

10. Representations and Warranties by DIEHL

DIEHL hereby warrants and represents to B&S and ICC (Zusicherung im Wege 
eines verschuldensunabhangigen Garantieversprechens, S 305 BGB):

10.1 All written information regarding the factual status of ROCH, MPM, 
their business operations and their financial conditions, supplied by 
DIEHL to B&S during the course of the negotiations since July 1993 for
the transaction contemplated in this Agreement is correct and not 
misleading in all material respects. Estimates regarding the future 
performance of the companies were based on reaso-nable business 
judgement at the time. The statements in Articles 1 and 2 of this 
Agreement are correct. Upon the implementation of this Agreement, B&S
will effectively acquire the RPMI Business. There are no contracts or 
commitments of any nature which would affect the share capital of 
ROCH or MPM, e. g. capital increases or reductions, redemptions or 
dissolutions.

10.2 The Seller is the owner of the ROCH-Shares and the MPM-Share, which have
been validly created. The Seller can freely dispose of these shares and 
these shares are not subject to any option or pre-emption right and are
free and clear of any encumbrances or other rights or claims of third 
parties. Seller has all permissions which might be necessary under 
corporate and/or legal aspects to sell these shares.

10.3 ROCH and MPM are validly existing in accordance with the laws of the 
Republic of France and the Federal Republic of Germany, respectively, 
and have the right to pursue the objects indicated in their respective
articles of association.

<PAGE> 16

10.4 The articles of association of ROCH and MPM as presently in effect and
certified extracts from the commercial registers for each of ROCH 
("extrait K-Bis") and MPM ("Handelsregisterauszug") have been submitted
previously by Seller to Buyer and reflect the presently effective legal
status.

10.5 The audited annual accounts (including the notes) as of 12/31/93 of 
ROCH and MPM, respectively, (the "Accounts") have been prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted French or German bookkeeping 
and accounting principles, respectively, applied for the preparation of
the balance sheets and those of previous years on a consistent basis, 
and present a true and fair view of the net worth (Vermogenslage), 
financial position (Finanzlage), earnings position (Ertragslage) and 
state of affairs (Lagebericht) where legally required of ROCH and MPM 
as per 12/31/92. These Accounts have been handed over to ICC prior to 
the signing of this Agreement.

Irrespective of the generality of the foregoing, save as disclosed in 
Exhibit 10.5.2 the Accounts:

- - make full accruals for all bad and doubtful debts, depreciation, 
obsolescence of assets and all foreseeable losses;

- - include stock and work in progress at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value and have written down or written off as appropriate all slow moving,
redundant, obsolete, damaged, defective or unsaleable stock;

- - are not affected by any extraordinary or non-recurring item unless other-
wise expressly stated therein;

- - correctly reflect all assets of the relevant companies, including (without 
limitations), subject to the general reserve for non-collectibility of 
receivables, the receivables and do not place values on assets in excess 
of market values (on a going concern basis) as of the relevant balance 
sheet day;

- - fully depreciate the fixed assets of the relevant companies in accordance 
with the proper accounting standards applicable in each jurisdiction;

- - show, at least as below the line items, all liabilities (including, but not 
limited to, uncertain liabilities (ungewisse Verbindlichkeiten), con-
tingent liabilities (Eventualverbindlichkeiten), imminent losses resulting 
from pending transactions (drohender Verlust aus schwebenden Geschaften) of 
any kind and nature whatsoever, regardless of whether or not actual, 
contingent, determined, determinable, qualified, disputed or otherwise, 
regardless of whether or not such liabilities, contingent liabilities or 
losses were recognizable at the time the relevant accounts have been 
prepared, or whether or not such liabilities had to be shown in the 
relevant accounts (for instance, off-balance sheet items).

<PAGE> 17

To the extent that there are capitalization options (Aktivierungswahlrechte)
no capitalization has taken place, and to the extent that there are 
options to include items in the liabilities (Passivierungswahlrechte) such
items have been included, and all statutorily permitted depreciations 
and accruals have been taken, save as disclosed in Exhibit 10.5.2.

Since December 31, 1993 : 

- - ROCH and MPM have carried on their businesses in the ordinary and usual 
course without any interruption or alteration in the nature, scope or 
manner of their business, moreover, all dealings have been made at arm's 
length as between unrelated parties;

- - there has been no material adverse change in the financial or trading 
position of ROCH and MPM;

- - ROCH and MPM have not acquired or agreed to acquire any asset for a 
consideration which is materially higher than market value at the time of
acquisition and have not disposed of or agreed to dispose of any asset for
a consideration which is materially lower than market value or book value,
whichever is the higher, at the time of disposal;

- - ROCH and MPM have not assumed or incurred any liability or entered into 
any commitment outside the normal course of business, such as purchases of
raw material, services and capital expenditures;

- - there have been no unusual increases or decreases in stock levels or bank
debt;

- - no distribution of capital or income, whether openly or concealed, has been 
declared, made or paid in respect of any share in ROCH or MPM; 

- - no supplier to or customer of ROCH or MPM who provides more than 10 % to, 
or purchase more than 10 % from, the relevant company has been lost, or has 
indicated intentions to cease or substantially reduce, business 
relations. The same holds true for the whole of the year 1993.

- - the total Debt of ROCH and MPM has been reduced, as of 12/31/93 as agreed in 
8.1.4 without any unusual sale of fixed or current assets of any of the two 
companies.

<PAGE> 18

10.6 ROCH and MPM have properly filed all tax returns to be filed and/or 
paid all taxes to be paid as per 12/31/93 and the accruals and reserves
for taxes reflected in the balance sheet are adequate to cover all 
taxes due and payable for the periods.

All taxes and other public dues of any kind (Abgaben, Sozial- und 
Arbeitslosenversicherungsbeitrage etc.) payable as due by ROCH or MPM, 
respectively, which relate to the time up to the date hereof and which 
have not been paid shall be payable by DIEHL. No public grants or 
subsidies are subject to repayment.

Neither ROCH nor MPM will be required to pay (it being understood that 
the reduction of losses carried forward is not a payment within the 
meaning of this subparagraph) any additional taxes or other public dues
in connection with MPM's acquisition of parts of the business of ROCH 
(MPM goodwill).

10.7 ROCH and MPM are entitled to all assets and rights which are listed in 
their Accounts or which are used in their operations, except as far as 
leased or held under other rights or disposed of in the ordinary course
of business. Save for customary retentions of title in favour of 
suppliers such assets are not charged with any rights or claims of any 
third party except for those which are reflected in the balance sheets 
and except for any charges provided by law. They are in a usable 
condition and have been properly maintained.

10.8 ROCH and MPM are not involved in any court actions as plaintiff or 
defendants, administrative proceedings with a financial impact on the 
relevant company of more than DM 20,000 (Deutsche Mark twenty thousand)
in one single case (or in a series of related cases) or DM 100,000 
(Deutsche Mark one hundred thousand) in the aggregate, or in criminal
investigations, and none of its employees is subject to criminal 
investigations (including administrative offences (Ordnungswidrigkeiten))
concerning the RPMI Business, except those actions which have been 
listed in Exhibit 10.8. There are also no claims in an amount of more 
than DM 20,000 (Deutsche Mark twenty thousand) which have been 
raised in writing. To the best of the knowledge of the management there are
no facts which could lead to court actions, administrative proceedings,
or criminal investigations in the future. 

<PAGE> 18

10.9 ROCH and MPM have all official permits required for the operations as 
presently run and the operations of ROCH and MPM are, in all material 
respects, run in accordance with such official permits and all 
applicable laws and regulations. To the best of the knowledge of the 
management there are no reasons why any permit should be cancelled or 
revoked following the implementation of this Agreement.

10.10 Neither ROCH nor MPM materially infringe any laws and regulations, in 
particular:

10.10.1 those regarding the protection of the environment; there has not 
been and there is no negative impact on the environment which could
cause any damages or fines or impediments by public authorities, or 
civil obligations vis-a-vis third parties of any kind to remedy 
pollution;

10.10.2 the buildings belonging to and used by ROCH have been constructed in
accordance with the applicable building laws and regulations, 
construction plans and are maintaind in accordance with said laws;

10.10.3 the machines and the other equipment of ROCH comply with the legal 
safety requirements save as disclosed in Exhibit 10.10.3;

10.10.4 the conduct of ROCH and MPM does not violate export restrictions of 
any applicable jurisdiction;

10.10.5 neither ROCH nor MPM violate antitrust laws of any applicable 
jurisdiction;

10.10.6 ROCH and MPM are in material compliance with the applicable labour 
law provisions;

10.10.7 ROCH and MPM are in material compliance with all applicable product 
liability provisions.

10.11 ROCH and MPM did not enter into contracts outside of their normal 
course of business. They are not party to any arrangement which would
be subject to termination as a consequence of the implementation 
of this Agreement. They are not, and have not been, party to any 
agreements with the senior employees listed in Exhibit 10.11.1 (other
than such employees' employment contracts). The companies are in no 
material default (erheblicher Zahlungs- oder Leistungsverzug) with 
regard to any significant obligation.

<PAGE> 19

10.12 Save as disclosed in Exhibit 10.12.1 there are no agreements and 
obligations relating to pensions, other social benefits, profit 
participations other than legally forseen, turnover participations or 
other success bonuses as well as similar agreements. Save as disclosed
in Exhibit 10.12.2 there are no liabilities associated with employees 
whose work contracts ROCH or MPM has terminated, or laid off prior to
the date hereof or put on part-time or temporary status or the like, 
including but not limited to severance pay or pension liabilities 
except those liabilities which are a consequence of lay off or 
termination decisions made by ROCH and/or MPM at the specific direction 
of B&S.

10.13 Save as disclosed in Exhibit 10.13.1 and subject to the arrangements 
in Article 13.1.7, ROCH and MPM own all industrial property necessary 
to carry on their business operations. All industrial property rights
set out in Exhibit 10.13.2 are owned by ROCH or MPM, have been properly 
maintained and have not be challenged by any third party. To the best
of the knowledge of the management of ROCH or MPM neither ROCH nor MPM 
infringes upon the industrial property rights of third parties. Save
as disclosed in Exhibit 10.13.3, to the best of the knowledge of the 
management of ROCH or MPM , no allegations of infringement have been 
raised by third parties and to the best of the knowledge of the 
management, there are no circumstances which would make it likely, 
that such allegations be raised in the future.

10.14 Save as disclosed in Exhibit 10.14 neither ROCH nor MPM are parties 
to any agreement with DIEHL or with a person affiliated with DIEHL 
(within the meaning of Sec. 16 pp German Stock Corporation Act or
otherwise) which would survive following the execution of this 
agreement, and any such agreements (save as disclosed) have been 
terminated without compensation for the relevant counter part. 
Neither ROCH nor MPM are subject to enterprise contracts 
(Unternehmensvertrage), for instance, profit and loss assumption 
agreements.

10.15 ROCH or MPM, respectively, have been properly insured with respect to
their assets, business operations and product liability, respectively,
as of the date of the signing of this Agreement. The companies have
always complied with the terms of the relevant insurance policies. 
The premiums have been paid, and no notice has been given or received
by ROCH or MPM.

10.16 Neither ROCH nor MPM owns any real estate.

<PAGE> 20

10.17 DIEHL acknowledges that the Class A Stock and the Class A Stock Right 
(and the Contingent Stock if issued) will be issued without 
registration under the Act (as defined in Article 13.2 below) on the 
basis that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement do not 
involve any public offering of securities pursuant to the exemption 
from registration under Section 4 (2) of such Act, it being also the 
intention of the parties that the stock issuance transactions 
contemplated hereunder will be covered by the provisions of Rule 505 of 
Regulation D promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission 
under the Act. DIEHL confirms to B&S that it is acquiring the Class A
Stock and the Class A Stock Right (and any contingent Stock 
thereunder) for its own account for investment with no present 
intention, now and on any date of acquisition, to make a distribution
of such securities except that DIEHL contemplates the eventual sale of
such securities either pursuant to a registration under the Act or an 
exemption therefrom, as the case may be, and that it has been advised
in this transaction by counsel experienced in US securities law 
matters. DIEHL acknowledges (I) that it has been fully informed 
of the limitations that are implicit in the fact that the securities 
referred to above are not registered under the Act and may not be sold
or transferred, which DIEHL contemplates eventually to occur, absent 
registration or an exemption therefrom; (ii) that except as expressly
provided in this Agreement B&S has no obligation to register any of 
such securities; (iii) that the exemptions from the registration 
requirements of such Act are limited; and (iv) that such securities 
are required to bear and will bear a legend to note such restrictions
on their transfer in substantially the following form:

"The securities represented hereby have not been registered under the 
Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the absence 
of an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the issuer thereof that such 
registration has been effected or an exemption therefrom is available.
Transfer may be refused in the absence of such opinion."

DIEHL acknowledges receipt from B&S of publicly available financial 
information concerning B&S and that it has had the opportunity to 
obtain additional information concerning B&S. DIEHL represents and 
agrees that it has not taken prior to the date of this Agreement, and
will not take after the date of this Agreement, any action that 
would make unavailable the exemption provided in Section 4 (2) of the 
Act or Rule 505 promulgated thereunder with respect to the receipt by 
it of the securities referred to above; and, that prior to delivery of
the securities, it will take such actions to execute such documents as
counsel for B&S may reasonably require in connection with compliance 
with federal and state securities laws and other legal matters.

<PAGE> 21

10.18 ROCH and MPM have no obligation to accept returns 
(Rucknahmeverpflichtung, ausqenommen qesetzliche 
Rucknahmeverpflichtungen) from, or do extend credit terms to, its 
customers (outside the normal course of business) and have no policy,
custom or practice of accepting such returns or extending credit.

10.19 Exhibit 10.19 contains a true and complete list, as of the date hereof,
of each bank or other financial institution, trust company or brokerage 
firm in which ROCH or MPM has an account or safe deposit box, and the 
names of all persons authorized to draw thereon, have access or 
transact business with respect thereto.

11. Representations and Warranties of B&S;

B&S hereby warrants and represents do Seller (Zusicherungim Wege eines 
verschuldensunabhangigen Garantieversprechens, S 305 BGB) as of today:

11.1 B&S has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and 
deliver this Agreement and the Class A Stock Right and to carry out its 
obligations thereunder and to cause any of its subsidiaries to carry 
out any of its obligations under this Agreement. The execution and 
delivery of this Agreement, the Class A Stock Right and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly 
authorized by the Board of Directors of B&S. This Agreement and the 
Class A Stock Right constitute the valid and legally binding obligation
of B&S and is enforceable against B&S in accordance with its terms, 
subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws of 
general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors, and
to general equity principles; and, the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby 
will not conflict with or result in any violation of or default under
any provision of the charter or by-laws of B&S or any mortgage, 
indenture, lease agreement or other instrument, permit, concession, 
grant, franchise, license, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, 
ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to B&S or any of its 
properties. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or 
registration, declaration or filing with, any governmental authority of
the United States is required in connection with the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the Class A Stock Right or the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby by B&S.

<PAGE> 22

11.2 B & S's authorized capital stock consists of 15,000,000 shares of Class
A Common Stock, 2,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, and 1,000,000
shares of Preferred Stock. On March 4, 1994 there were issued and 
outstanding 4,468,138 shares of Class A Common Stock, 545,680 shares of 
Class B Common Stock and no shares of Preferred Stock. The Class A 
Stock to be issued in connection with the transactions contemplated 
hereby will have been duly authorized and, when issued under this 
Agreement, shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
The Class A Stock Right has been duly authorized and when executed and
delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement will be the 
valid and legally binding obligation of B&S and will be enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization or similar laws of general application affecting the 
rights and and remedies of creditors. B&S has reserved a sufficient 
number of shares of Class A Stock for issuance upon the exercise of the
Class A Stock Right, and upon issuance, such Contingent Stock shall be 
duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The
Class A Stock and the Contingent Stock will be duly authorized for 
listing on the New York Stock Exchange on or shortly after the issue 
thereof pursuant to this Agreement. References to the Class A Stock in 
this Section include any additional shares of such stock that may be 
issued to DIEHL pursuant to the post-closing purchase price adjustment 
or issued as a result of any Adjustment Event pursuant to Article 8.1.5.

11.3 Copies of the B & S's 1992 and 1991 Annual Reports, which contain the 
consolidated balance sheet and income statement of B&S and its 
subsidiaries at and for the years ending December 26, 1992 and 
December 28, 1991 and are audited by Coopers & Lybrand, and the first 
quarter 1993 10 Q reports have been made available to DIEHL. Such 
financial statements are true and complete in all material respects and
have been prepared in accordance with US generally accepted accounting 
principles consistently applied throughout the periods indicated and 
fairly present the financial condition of the entities covered thereby,
as of the dates thereof, and the results of their operations for the 
indicated periods.

12. Liability of DIEHL and ICC; of B&S

12.1 Liability of DIEHL in connection with its representations and warranties
under Article 10 shall be as follows:

<PAGE> 23

12.1.1 In case any representation or warranty of DIEHL in Article 10 should 
turn out to be incorrect in whole or in part and should such 
incorrectness result in a claim exceeding FF 100,000 (French Francs 
one hundred thousand) in the aggregate (such amount of FF 500,000 to
serve as a deductible, so that only claims of ICC shall be 
acknowledged to the extent they exceed that amount in the aggregate),
DIEHL shall be obligated to place ICC or, at the option of ICC, the 
relevant company would be if the representation and warranty had been
correct. In case DIEHL does not place ICC or the relevant company in
such position within 90 days after ICC has notified DIEHL in writing 
of the breach of a representation or warranty, ICC shall be entitled
to be compensated, at the option of DIEHL, either in cash or in B&S 
shares which had been previously issued by B&S to DIEHL pursuant to 
this Agreement, to be valued at FF 57/share. In the event that the 
shares have already been transferred to third parties or to the 
extent that the transfer of shares to ICC would not suffice to 
compensate the breach, DIEHL shall compensate ICC in cash.

ICC shall not be entitled to demand additional damages, including 
compensation for lost profit, or to cancel or to withdraw from this 
Agreement.

12.1.2 The period for asserting claims under Article 12.1.1 shall run

12.1.2.1 in respect of claims for an untrue representations/warranty until
September 30, 1995 unless DIEHL maliciously or intentionally made 
wrong representations. In the case of a maliciously or 
intentionally wrong representation, the statutory period shall 
apply;

12.1.2.2 in respect of tax liabilities, and for liabilities for the payment
of other public dues until the expiry of three months after the 
assessments (including correction assessments issued after a 
tax or other audit, if any) for the taxes or dues related to the 
relevant period have become final and unappealable.

<PAGE> 24

12.1.2.3 In order to meet the periods of asserting claims mentioned in 
12.1.2.1 and 12.1.2.2. it is not necessary to assert the claim in 
a formal procedure. Written notification to DIEHL by letter, 
telex, cable or telefax, mailed or sent by the dates specified in 
12.1.2.1 and 12.1.2.2 shall be sufficient. Notification sent by 
telex, cable or telefax shall be confirmed by letter. Such 
confirmation letter, however, does not have to be sent within the 
said period.

12.1.2.4 Claims which have been asserted by ICC in accordance with 12.1.2.3
above until September 30, 1995 shall be barred if they are not 
asserted before the arbitration panel at the latest 6 months 
following the assertion, but not before September 30, 1995.

12.1.3 ICC has the obligation to inform DIEHL immediately in writing in case
third parties have announced or threatened claims against ICC, ROCH,
or MPM which could lead to the liability of DIEHL according to 
Article 12.1. ICC will supply DIEHL with all pertinent information 
and documentation which may be necessary to judge the entitlement of 
the announced or threatened claim.

The parties will notify each other of the defense strategies against 
any of the above mentioned claims. DIEHL will have the opportunity to 
participate in the defense of the claim in an appropriate way. In 
case ICC is not willing to defend itself against the claim, 
regardless what its legal reasons may be, ICC will permit DIEHL to 
defend itself in its own name and costs against the claim as far as a
defense against such a claim does not interfere with its own business
actions.

12.1.4 In case of a breach of a representation or a warranty by DIEHL, ICC 
has exclusively the claims provided for in this Agreement.

<PAGE> 25

12.1.5 DIEHL's liability in connection with claims of ICC vis-a-vis DIEHL 
for breach of a representation or warranty shall, in total, be 
limited to a cap of FF 5,500,000 in the aggregate.

Further, claims under the representations and warranties shall not be 
capped under this Article 12.1.5 if and to the extent they were 
intentionally or grossly negligently made or given incorrectly by 
DIEHL, or its representatives (having made proper inquiries with the 
management) during the negotiations of this Agreement. DIEHL's 
knowledge or negligence shall include the knowledge or negligence of 
the senior managers Pauchot and Wolf.

12.1.6 There shall be no restrictions whatsoever with regard to claims of 
ICC for damages under the representations and warranties given by 
DIEHL with respect to taxes and other public dues (Article 10.6) 
payable by MPM or ROCH.

The aforementioned waiver of the restrictions contained in this 
Article 12.1.6 shall apply to the de minimis clause and the basket 
(Article 12.1.1) and the cap (Article 12.1.5).

12.2 The liability of B&S in connection with its representation and 
warranties in Article 11 shall be as follows:

<PAGE> 26

12.2.1 In case any representation or warranty of B&S in Article 11 should 
turn out to be incorrect in whole or in part and should such 
incorrectness result in a claim exceeding FF 100,000 (French 
Francs one hundred thousand), in each individual case or series of 
related cases, and FF 500,000 (French Francs five hundred thousand) 
in the aggregate (such amount of FF 500,000 to serve as a 
deductible, so that only claims of DIEHL shall be acknowledged to the
extent they exceed that amount in the aggregate), B&S shall be 
obligated to place DIEHL in a position in which DIEHL would be if 
the representation and warranty had been correct. In case B&S does 
not place DIEHL in such position within 90 days after DIEHL has 
notified B&S in writing of the breach of a representation or warranty,
DIEHL shall be entitled to be compensated, at the option of B&S, 
either in cash or in B&S shares to be valued at FF 57/share.

DIEHL shall not be entitled to demand additional damages, including 
compensation for lost profit, or to cancel or to withdraw from this 
Agreement.

12.2.2 The period for asserting claims under Article 12.2.1 shall run

12.2.2.1 in respect of claims for an untrue representation/warranty until 
September 30, 1995 unless B&S maliciously or intentionally made 
wrong representations. In the case of a maliciously or 
intentionally wrong representation, the statutory period shall 
apply;

12.2.2.2 in respect of tax liabilities, and for liabilities for the payment
of other public dues until the expiry of three months after the 
assessments (including correction assessments issued after a 
tax or other audit, if any) of the taxes or dues related to the 
relevant period have become final and unappealable.

12.2.2.3 In order to meet the periods of asserting claims mentioned in 
12.2.2.1 and 12.2.2.2 it is not necessary to assert the claim in a 
formal procedure. Written notification to B&S by letter, telex, 
cable or telefax, mailed or sent by the date specified in 
12.2.2.1 and 12.2.2.2 shall be sufficient. Notification sent by 
telex, cable or telefax shall be confirmed by letter. Such 
confirmation letter, however, does not have to be sent within the 
said period.

<PAGE> 27

12.2.2.4 Claims which have been asserted by DIEHL in accordance with 
12.2.2.2 above until September 30, 1995 shall be barred if they are
not asserted before the arbitration panel at the latest 6 months 
following the assertion, but not before September 30, 1995.

12.2.3 DIEHL has the obligation to inform B&S immediately in writing in case
third parties have announced or threatened claims against DIEHL which
could lead to the liability of B&S according to Article 12.2. DIEHL
will supply B&S with all pertinent information and documentation 
which may be necessary to judge the entitlement of the announced or 
threatened claim.

The parties will notify each other of the defense strategies against 
the abovementional claim. B&S will have the opportunity to 
participate in the defense of the claim in an appropriate way. In 
case DIEHL is not willing to defend itself against the claim, 
regardless what its legal reasons may be, DIEHL will permit B&S to 
defend itself in its own name and costs against the claim as far as a 
defense against such a claim does not interfere with its own business
actions.

12.2.4 In case of a breach of a representation or a warranty by B&S, DIEHL 
has exclusively the claims provided for in this Agreement.

12.2.5 B & S's liability in connection with claims of DIEHL vis-a-vis B&S 
for breach of a representation or warranty shall, in total, be 
limited to a cap of FF 5,500,000 in the aggregate.

Further, claims under the representations and warranties shall not be
capped under this Article 12.2.5 if and to the extent they were 
intentionally or grossly negligently made or given incorrectly by 
B & S, or its representatives (having made proper inquiries with the
management) during the negotiations of this Agreement.

<PAGE> 28

12.3 The liability of DIEHL, B&S or ICC, respectively, in connection with 
covenants, promises and other undertakings of any kind shall be as 
follows:

In the event that one of the covenants, promises or undertakings, 
contained in this Agreement shall not be fulfilled, the relevant other 
party shall have the right to demand fulfillment, giving adequate 
notice. Upon the expiration of the relevant notice period, the party 
who is obliged to perform under the covenant, promise or undertaking 
shall be obligated to compensate the relevant other party in cash. 
There shall be no right to cancellation or to withdrawal from this 
Agreement, and no compensation other than case (unless DIEHL fails to 
provide good title to the ROCH Shares or the MPM Share).

13. Further Covenants

13.1 DIEHL shall provide to ICC at no costs to ICC:

13.1.1 Certificates of releases of third parties for all security, 
guarantees, comfort letters and the like, if any, extended by ROCH or
MPM, respectively, on behalf or in the interest of DIEHL or its 
affiliates (within the meaning of Sections 16 pp Stock Corporation 
Act);

13.1.2 DIEHL will procure that one of the existing members of the Board of 
Directors (Supervisory Board) of ROCH will resign, and be replaced by 
an appointee of ICC at no cost. Such appointee shall become 
president of ROCH. DIEHL will further procure that all present 
managing directors of MPM (except Mr. Elsner) will resign at no cost.
DIEHL will further procure that all members of the Board of Directors
(Supervisory Board) of ROCH (except ICC's appointees) had in 
resignation letters at no cost to take effect at the next ordinary 
shareholders' meeting of ROCH.

13.1.3 Minutes of the board meeting of the Board of Directors (Supervisory 
Board) of ROCH at which the transaction contemplated in this 
Agreement is approved;

13.1.4 The minutes of the meeting of the works counsel (Commite d' 
Entreprise) giving its opinion on the proposed transfer of the ROCH
Shares;

<PAGE> 29

13.1.5 A transfer order in favour of ICC, duly signed by DIEHL, for the ROCH
Shares, and substantiation that the SNVB has executed the order to 
transfer the ROCH Shares;

13.1.6 DIEHL shall procure that the patents and other industrial property 
rights set out in Exhibit 13.1.7 shall be validly transferred, 
together with all applicable files and other documentation, to 
ROCH at no cost.

13.2 B&S covenants with DIEHL that DIEHL shall have the following rights 
with respect to registration of its shares of Class A Stock (including
any Contingent Stock) to be issued to it by B&S.

13.2.1 DIEHL Demand Registration Rights: Subject to the conditions and 
limitations set forth herein, DIEHL shall have a one-time right 
exercisable during the one-year period commencing on a date which is 
two (2) years from the date hereof and ending on a date which is 
three (3) years from such date, (the "Registration Rights Period") to
request that B&S register shares of its Class A Stock under the Act 
(as defined herein). Upon receipt of a notice from DIEHL during the
foregoing one-year period requesting registration of shares of its
Class A Stock and specifying the intended method or methods of 
disposition of such Registrable Shares (as defined herein), B&S will 
prepare and file with the Commission (as defined herein) a 
registration statement on such form as shall be selected by B&S in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 13.2.3 to permit the 
disposition of the Registrable Shares included in the notice in 
accordance with the intended method or methods of this disposition. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article 13.2.1, B&S
will not be required to effect, or to take any action to effect, any 
such registration pursuant to such Article:

(i) if the request for registration does not request the registration 
of at least 100,000 shares of DIEHL's Class A Stock and contain a 
representation of a good faith intention to sell such shares 
pursuant to the registration statement;

<PAGE> 30

(ii) if the Board of Directors of B&S determines in good faith that the
public sale of securities or the filing of a registration statement
at such time would be materially detrimental to B&S and in which
case B&S may defer registration for a period not to exceed ninety 
(90) days provided however that the B&S Board may defer 
registration hereunder no more than one time during the 
Registration Rights Period and the Registration Rights Period 
shall in the event of such deferral be extended by the period of 
such deferral.; or

(iii) if in the written opinion of counsel to B&S, and, if the manner of
disposition proposed is an underwritten offering, in the written 
opinion of counsel to the proposed underwriter, delivered to 
B & S's transfer agent, and to DIEHL registration under the Act is
unnecessary to permit the sale or transfer of the Registrable 
Securities proposed to be sold in the Registration in the manner 
described in the request.

13.2.2 DIEHL Incidental Registration Rights: If B&S proposes at any time 
during the two-year period preceding commencement of the Registration
Rights Period in Article 13.2.1 to register any shares of its Class A
common stock under the Act, whether or not for sale for its own 
account on a form which would permit registration of DIEHL's 
Registrable Securities for sale to the pbulci under the Act, it will 
at such time give written notice to DIEHL of its intention to do so, 
specifying the form and manner and the other relevant facts involved 
in such proposed registration.

<PAGE> 31

Upon the written request of DIEHL delivered to B&S within 30 days 
after the giving by B&S of any such notice to DIEHL to include its 
Registrable Shares in such registration (which request shall specify 
the Registrable Securities intended to be disposed of and the 
intended method of disposition thereof), B&S will sue its best 
efforts as a part of its filing to effect the registration under the 
Act of all Registrable Securities which B&S has been so requested to 
register by DIEHL to the extend requisite to permit the disposition 
(in accordance with the intended methods thereof as aforesaid) of the
Registrable Securities to be registered, provided, however, in all 
cases that:

- if (I) the registration so proposed by B&S involves an underwritten
offering (whether or not for sale for the account of B&S) to be 
distributed on a firm commitment basis by or through one or more 
underwriters of recognized standing under underwriting terms 
appropriate for such a transaction; (ii) the Registrable Securities
so requested to be registered for sale for the account of DIEHL are
not also to be included in such underwritten offering (either 
because B&S has not been requested so to include such Registrable 
Securities pursuant to Article 13.2.2 hereof or, if requested to do
so, has been unable to include such Registrable Securities after 
using reasonable efforts to do so as provided in Article 13.2.6 
hereof); and (iii) the managing underwriter of such underwritten 
offering shall advise B&S in writing that, in its opinion, the 
distribution of all or a specified portion of such Registrable 
Securities concurrently with the securities being distributed by
such underwriters will substantially interfere with the successful 
offering of such securities by such underwriters (such opinion to
state the approximate number of shares of DIEHL's Class A stock 
which can be distributed without such effect), then B&S will 
promptly furnish DIEHL with a copy of such opinion and may require,
by written notice to DIEHL accompanying such opinion, that the 
number of shares of Registrable Securities to be included in 
such registration statement be limited to the number indicated in 
such opinion;

<PAGE> 32

B&S shall not be obligated to effect any registration of Registrable
Securities under this Article 13.2.2 incidental to any registration 
involving any of its securities other than its Class A common stock,
or incidental to the registration of Class A common stock in 
connection with any merger, acquisition, exchange offer, dividend 
reinvestment plan or stock option or other employee benefit plan; 
and

if, at any time after giving written notice to DIEHL of its 
intention to register shares of its Class A common stock and prior 
to the effective date of the registration statement filed in 
connection with such registration, B&S shall determine for any 
reason either not to register or to delay registering such shares 
of common stock, B&S may, at its election, give written notice of 
such determination to DIEHL and, thereupon, (I) in the case of a 
determination not to register, shall be relieved of its obligation
to register any Registrable Securities in connection with such 
registration, without prejudice, however, to the rights of DIEHL to
request that such registration be effected as a registration under 
Article 13.2.1, and 13.2.2 in the event of another incidental 
registration, and (ii) in the case of a determination to delay 
registering, shall be permitted to delay registering any Registrable 
Securities for the same period as the delay in registering such 
other shares of its Class A common stock.

13.2.3 Preparation of Registration Statement, etc.: In the event and 
whenever B&S is required to use its best efforts to effect the 
registration of any Registrable Securities under the Act as provided 
in Articles 13.2.1 and 13.2.2 hereof, it will as expeditiously as 
possible:

<PAGE> 33

(i) Prepare and (in the case of a registration pursuant to Article 
13.2.1 hereof, within 45 days after the end of the period within 
which a request for registration may be delivered to it) file with
the Commission a registration statement with respect to such 
Registrable Securities and use its best efforts to cause such 
registration statement to become effective and will cause such 
registration statement to remain effective for a period not to 
exceed ninety (90) days during which DIEHL may sell and dispose of
its Registrable Securities; provided that before filing such 
registration statement any amendments thereto, B&S will furnish to
counsel selected by DIEHL copies of all such documents proposed to
be filed, which documents will be subject to the review of such 
counsel;

(ii) prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and 
supplements to such registration statement and the prospectus used
in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such 
registration statement effective for the registration period and 
to comply with the provisions of the Act with respect to the 
disposition of all Registrable Securities and other securities 
covered by such registration statement until such time as all of 
such Registrable Securities have been disposed of in accordance 
with the intended methods of disposition by DIEHL thereof set 
forth in such registration statement, but in no event for a period
longer than ninety (90) days after such registration statement 
becomes effective;

(iii) furnish to DIEHL such number of conformed copies of such 
registration statement and of each such amendment and supplement 
thereto (in each case including all exhibits, except that B&S 
shall not be obligated to furnish DIEHL with more than two copies
of such exhibits other than incorporated documents), such number 
of copies of the prospectus included in such registration 
statement (including each preliminary prospectus and any summary 
prospectus) in conformity with the requirements of the Act, such 
documents incorporated by reference in such registration statement 
or prospectus, and such other documents, as DIEHL may reasonably 
request in order to facilitate the disposition of its Registrable 
Securities covered by such registration statement;

(iv) use its best efforts to register or qualify such Registrable 
Securities under such securities or blue sky laws of such 
jurisdictions as DIEHL shall reasonably request, and do any and all
other acts and things which may be necessary or advisable to 
enable DIEHL to consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions of
its Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement; 

<PAGE> 34

(v) furnish to DIEHL a signed counterpart addressed to DIEHL of an 
appropriate opinion of counsel for B & S covering substantially 
the same matters with respect to such registration statement 
(and the prospectus included therein) as are customarily covered 
in opinions of issuer's counsel delivered to underwriters in 
underwritten public offering of securities; 

(vi) immediately upon becoming aware of the same, notify DIEHL as 
seller of Registrable Securities covered by such registration 
statement, at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is 
required to be delivered under the Act, of the occurrence of any
event as a result of which the prospectus included in such 
registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue 
statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact 
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements 
therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then 
existing, and at the request of any such seller prepare and 
furnish to such seller a reasonable number of copies of a 
supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be 
necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of 
such Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein not misleading in the light of the 
circumstances then existing; 

(vii) unless such Registrable Securities are already listed on each 
securities exchange, if any, on which B & S's Class A common stock
is then listed, use its best efforts to list the Registrable 
Securities on such securities exchange. 

DIEHL agrees that upon receipt of any notice from B & S of the 
occurrence of any event of the kind described in clause (vi) of 
this Article 13.2.3 that it will forthwith discontinue its 
offering or disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to the
registration statement covering such Registrable Securities until
it receives copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus 
contemplated by said clause (vi) and, if so directed by B & S, 
will deliver to B & S (at B & S's expense) all copies, other than
permanent file copies, then in such holder's possession of the 
prospectus covering such Registrable Securities current at the 
time of receipt of such notice. 

<PAGE> 35

13.2.4 Information Concerning DIEHL: B & S may require DIEHL as a seller of 
Registrable Securities as to which any registration is being effected
to furnish B & S such information regarding DIEHL and the distribution
of such securities as B & S may from time to time reasonably request
in writing and which shall be required by law or by the Commission in
connection therewith. 

13.2.5 Demand Underwritten Offering: Whenever a registration requested by
DIEHL pursuant to Article 13.2.1 hereof is for an underwritten 
offering, only shares which are to be distributed by the underwriters
designated by DIEHL may be included in such registration. 

13.2.6 Underwriting Agreement: If requested by the underwriters for any 
underwritten offering of Registrable Securities on behalf of DIEHL 
pursuant to a registration requested under Article 13.2.1 hereof, 
B & S will enter into an underwriting agreement with such underwriters
for such offering, such agreement to contain such representations and
warranties by B & S and such other terms and provisions as are 
customarily contained in underwriting agreements with respect 
to secondary distributions, including, without limitation, indemnity
to the effect and to the extent provided in Article 13.2.10 hereof. If 
B & S at any time proposes to register any of its securities under 
the Act (other than pursuant to a request made under Article 13.2.1 
hereof), whether or not for the sale for its own account, and such 
securities are to be distributed by or through one or more 
underwriters, B & S will make reasonable efforts, if requested by 
DIEHL regarding incidental registration of Registrable Securities 
pursuant to Article 13.2.2 hereof, to arrange for such underwriters 
to include such Registrable Securities among those securities to be 
distributed by or through such underwriters. DIEHL, on whose behalf 
Registrable Securities are to be distributed by such underwriters, 
shall be a party to any such underwriting agreement and the 
representations and warranties by, and the other agreements on the 
part of, B & S to and for the benefit of such underwriters, shall 
also be made to and for the benefit of DIEHL. 

<PAGE> 36

13.2.7 Participation: In connection with the preparation and filing of a 
registration statement registering Registrable Securities under the 
Act, B & S will give DIEHL, on whose behalf such Registration 
Securities are to be so registered, and their underwriters, if any, 
and their respective counsel and accountants, the opportunity to 
participate in the preparation of such registration statement, 
each prospectus included therein or filed with the Commission, and 
each amendment thereof or supplement thereto, and will give each of
them such access to its books and records and such opportunities to
discuss the business of B & S with its officers and the independent
public accountants who have certified its financial statements as 
shall be necessary, in the opinion of DIEHL and such underwriters or 
their respective counsel, to conduct a reasonable investigation 
within the meaning of the Act. 

13.2.8 Registration Expenses: B & S will pay Registration Expenses (as 
defined below) in connection with all registrations which may be 
effected pursuant to Article 13.2.1 or Article 13.2.2. 

13.2.9 Indemnification by B & S: In the event of any registration of any 
Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to Articles
13.2.1 or 13.2.2 hereof, B & S will, and hereby does, agree to 
indemnify and hold harmless the seller of such securities, its 
partners, directors and officers, each other Person who participates,
on behalf of such seller, as an underwriter, broker or dealer 
in the offering or sale of such securities and each other Person, if 
any, who controls such seller or any such participating Person 
within the meaning of the Act, against any losses, claims, damages or
liabilities, joint or several, to which such seller or any such 
partner, director or officer or participating or controlling Person 
may become subject under the Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses,
claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings in respect 
thereof) arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue statement 
or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained or 
incorporated by reference in any registration statement under which 
such securities were registered under the Act, any preliminary 
prospectus or final prospectus included therein, or any related 
summary prospectus, or any amend-ment or supplement thereto, or any 
document incorporated by reference therein, (ii) any omission or 
alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be 
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading; and will reimburse such seller and each such partner, 
director, officer, participating Person and controlling Person for 
any legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred by them in 
connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, 
liability, action or proceeding, provided that B & S shall 
not be liable to any such indemnified party in any such case to the
extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of
or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or 
omission or alleged omission made in such registration statement, any
such preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, summary prospectus, 
amendment or supplement in reliance upon and in conformity with 
written information furnished to B & S through an instrument duly 
executed by DIEHL specifically stating that it is for use in the 
preparation thereof. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and 
effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such
seller or any such partner, director, officer, participating Person 
or controlling Person and shall survive the transfer of such 
securities by such seller. 

<PAGE> 37

13.2.10 Indemnification by DIEHL: B & S may require, as a condition to 
including any Registrable Securities in any registration statement 
filed pursuant to Article 13.2.1 or 13.2.2 hereof, that it shall 
have received an undertaking satisfactory to it from DIEHL to 
indemnify and hold B & S harmless (in the same manner and to the 
same extent as set forth above in Article 13.2.9 hereof) and each 
officer and director of B & S, and each other Person, if any, who 
controls B & S within the meaning of the Act, with respect to any 
statement in or omission from such registration statement, any 
preliminary prospectus or final prospectus included therein, or any
amendment or supplement thereto, if such statement or omission was 
made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information 
furnished to B & S through an instrument duly executed by such 
seller specifically stating that it is for use in the preparation of
such registration statement, preliminary prospectus, final 
prospectus, summary prospectus, amendment or supplement. Such 
indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any 
investigation made by or on be-half of B & S or any such director, 
officer or controlling Person and shall survive the transfer 
of such securities by such seller. 

13.2.11 Notice and Defense of Claims: Promptly after receipt by an 
indemnified party of notice of the commencement of any action or 
proceeding involving a claim of the type referred to in the preceding 
Articles 13.2.9 and 13.2.10 such indemnified party will, if a claim 
in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party, give
written notice to the latter of the commencement of such action, 
provided that the failure of any indemnified party to given notice as
provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its 
obligations under the preceding subsections except to the ex-
tent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced by such 
failure to give notice. In case any such action is brought against 
an indemnified party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to 
participate in and to assume the defense thereof, jointly with any 
other indemnifying party similarly notified, to the extent that it 
may wish, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified 
party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to such 
indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, 
the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party 
for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the latter
in connection with the defense thereof provided, however, that 
if any indemnified party reasonably believes that it is advisable 
for such indemnified party to be represented by separate counsel 
because of a potential conflict of interest or if the indem-
nifying party shall fail to assume responsibility for such defense, 
such indemnified party may retain counsel satisfactory to such 
indemnified party who will represent such indemnified party, 
and the indemnifying party shall pay all fees and expenses of such
counsel promptly as statements therefore are received. No 
indemnifying party will consent to entry of any judgment or enter 
into any settlement which does not include as an unconditional term 
thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified 
party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or 
litigation.

<PAGE> 38 

13.2.12 Requirements of Rule 144: B & S shall use its best efforts to 
continue to (i) have available adequate public information with
respect to it which meets the applicable condition of Rule 144 (c) 
under the Act at such time or times as DIEHL may determine 
to sell shares of its Class A Stock pursuant to the exemption 
provided by Rule 144 ; (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all
reports and other documents required of B&S under the Act and 
the Securities and Exchange Act, as amended (the "1934 Act"), and
(iii) furnish to DIEHL forthwith upon request a written statement by
B&S that it has complied with the reporting requirements of 
Rule 144, the Act and the 1934 Act, a copy of the most recent annual
or quarterly report of B&S, and such other reports or documents so 
filed by B&S as may be reasonably requested in availing DIEHL to 
take advantage of any rule or regulation of the SEC permitting the
selling of any such securities without registration. 

13.2.13 Transfer of Registration Rights: The registration rights of DIEHL 
under this Agreement may be transferred to any transferee who 
acquires (otherwise than in registered public offering) no 
less than 100,000 shares of Registrable Securities.

13.2.14 Reorganization: B&S shall not, directly or indirectly, enter into 
any merger, consolidation or reorganization in which B&S shall not
be the surviving corporation unless the proposed surviving 
corporation shall, prior to such merger, consolidation or 
reorganization, agree in writing to assume the obligations of B&S 
under this Agreement, and for that purpose references hereunder to 
"Registrable Securities" shall be deemed to be references to the 
securities which DIEHL would be entitled to receive in exchange for 
Registrable Securities under any such merger, consolidation or 
reorganization; provided, however, that the provisions of this 
Agreement shall not apply in the event of any merger, 
consolidation or reorganization in which B&S is not the surviving 
corporation if DIEHL is entitled to receive in exchange therefore 
(i) cash, or (ii) securities of the acquiring corporation which may 
be immediately sold to the public without registration under the Act.

<PAGE> 39

13.2.15 Definitions: For purposes of this Article 13.2, the following terms
shall have the meanings specified below: 

"Act" shall mean the United States Securities Act of 1933 or any 
successor federal statute and the rules and regulations of the 
Commission promulgated thereunder all as the same shall be in 
effect at the time. 

"Commission" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any
other federal agency at the time administering the Act. 

"Person" shall mean an individual, partnership, corporation, 
association, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization, and 
any government, governmental department or agency or political 
subdivision thereof. 

"Registrable Securities" or "Registrable Shares" shall mean (i) any 
Class A Stock (including any Contingent Stock) issued to DIEHL in 
connection with the acquisition by B & S of the Roch Group or (ii)
any B&S Class A Stock or other common equity securities issued or 
issuable with respect to any Registrable Securities by way of stock 
dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of 
shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other 
reorganization or otherwise. As to any particular Registrable 
Securities, once issued such securities shall cease to be Registrable 
Securities when (i) a registration statement with respect to the sale
of such securities shall have become effective under the Act and such
securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with 
such registration statement, (ii) they shall have been sold and
distributed to the public pursuant to Rule 144 (or any successor 
provision) under the Act, or (iii) they shall have ceased to be 
outstanding. 

<PAGE> 40

"Registration Expenses" shall mean all expenses incident to 
performance of or compliance with Articles 13.2.1, 13.2.2 and 13.2.3
hereof by B & S, including without limitation all registration and 
filing fees, all fees and expenses of complying with securities or 
blue sky laws, all printing expenses, all messenger and delivery 
expenses, the fees and disbursements of counsel of B & S and of its 
independent public accountants, including the expenses of any special 
audits required by or incident to such performance and compliance, 
but excluding the fees and disbursements of counsel for DIEHL on 
whose behalf Registrable Securities are being registered and 
any underwriting discounts and commissions and applicable transfer 
taxes, if any, each of which shall be borne by DIEHL as seller of the 
Registrable Securities in all cases. 

13.3 The parties to this Agreement shall procure that Societe Immobiliere 
Lunevilloise S.a.r.l. and ROCH conclude the Real Estate Lease Agreement 
materially on the terms of the draft Real Estate Lease Agreement set 
out in Exhibit 13.3.1.

Within 90 (ninety) days following the signing of this Agreement, DIEHL 
shall make an unconditional offer for ROCH to acquire all shares in 
Societe Immobiliere Lunevilloise S.a.r.l. ("SIL") at a price calculated
in accordance with the provisions set out in Exhibit 13.3.2. The offer 
shall be open for the whole term of the Real Estate Lease Agreement. 
It shall contain an unrestricted warranty/representation by way of 
guarantee that SIL has not engaged in any business other than being 
the Lessor under the Real Estate Lease Agreement, and further, that 
DIEHL has advised ROCH within 90 days following a written request by 
ROCH to that effect (such period to end prior to the exercise of the
option), of all liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of SIL. 
Finally, it shall contain a representation/warranty that SIL is the 
unrestricted owner of the Real Estate (as defined in the Real Estate 
Lease Agreement), and that the Real Estate is unencumbered.

<PAGE> 41

13.4 The parties to this Agreement shall procure that Mauser Werke Oberndorf
GmbH, an affiliate of DIEHL, and ROCH conclude the License Agreement 
materially on the terms of the draft License Agreement set out in 
Exhibit 13.4.

13.5 DIEHL shall pay any excess amount over the total amount of DM 420,000,
to ICC, or, upon the request of ICC, to MPM, if and to the extent the
Social Costs in connection with the liquidation of the business 
operations of MPM shall exceed the aforementioned amount. "Social Costs"
within the meaning of this Agreement shall mean all costs associated 
with the termination, to be declared vis-a-vis the ordinary employees 
by the Managing Director of MPM and vis-a-vis the Managing Directors, 
if any, by the then current shareholder of MPM, at the next legally 
permitted opportunity of the Employment Agreements between MPM and its 
employees including without limitation, the costs for salaries up to 
the end of the relevant employment terms, compensation payments, 
reasonable legal and court fees etc. "Social Cost" shall also include
costs associated with the termination of the services of Mr. Elsner, 
who is presently employed by DIEHL and the costs of which shall be 
chargeable to MPM (or ICC, respectively).

DIEHL shall be obliged, to assist ICC to the extent possible, in 
effecting the appropriate terminations of the employment agreements.

14. Costs

<PAGE> 42

14.1 Each of the parties will pay all expenses incurred by it in connection
with the conclusion of this Agreement including, without limitation, the
charges of its attorneys, counsels and its financial advisers.

14.2 All taxes and dues and all notarial fees incurred in connection with 
the execution and implementation of this Agreement and all agree-
ments under this Agreement, shall be borne by ICC.

14.3 DIEHL and ICC represent to each other that they have not employed any 
broker or agent in connection with the transaction contemplated by 
this Agreement or otherwise taken any action which would create any 
other liability for brokerage fees or agents commissions for the 
respective other party in connection with this Agreement and 
the transactions contemplated hereby.

15. Publications

The Parties shall issue a press release upon mutual agreement, save for 
legally required releases of which they will notify each other prior to 
issue of such releases.

16. Supplemental Documents

Each party to this Agreement agrees to execute such additional documents or
instruments and to take any further actions reasonably requested by 
the other party as may be necessary or desirable to effect the purpose of 
this Agreement and carry out its provisions.

<PAGE> 43

17. Merger Control

17.1 The parties assume that pre-notifications to the German Federal Cartel 
Office or to the competent French cartel authorities are not necessary.

17.2 In case and to the extent that any notifications or similar measures 
might be required in these countries or in foreign countries under foreign 
antitrust laws, these shall be filed or taken by ICC . To the extent that 
this is necessary, ICC shall also act on behalf of DIEHL in this 
connection.

18. Coming into Force

This Agreement comes into force today.

19. Applicable Law

This Agreement, its performance and any dispute arising thereunder shall be 
governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, unless specifically
provided otherwise.

20. Preceding Negotiations and Agreement, Written Form Requirement

This Agreement supersedes all prior negotiations and the agreements between 
the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and can be amended or 
changed validly only in writing, signed by all parties, unless another form
is prescribed by law. This form requirement shall also apply to any 
change, modification or waiver of the form requirement set forth in the 
preceding sentence.

<PAGE> 43

21. Partial Invalidity

In the event individual provisions of this Agreement should, in its entirety
or partially be or become invalid or impracticable, then the validity of the
remaining provisions of the Agreement shall not be affected thereby. Instead 
of the invalid or impracticable provision such reasonable provision or 
provisions shall apply which correspond as closely as legally possible to 
what the Parties had they considered the matter initially in the light of 
such invalidity or impracticability would have agreed according to 
the sense and purpose of this Agreement. The same applies to any gaps in 
this Agreement.

22. Venue/Arbitration

22.1 Venue for all disputes arising from this Agreement is Frankfurt am Main.

22.2 All disputes arising out of this Agreement with respect to the validity,
interpretation of and performance under this Agreement or this 
Arbitration Clause shall be decided by an arbitration court in accordance 
with the rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the International 
Chamber of Commerce, Paris, consisting of three arbitrators appointed in 
accordance with said rules. All proceeding shall be in English, unless 
all parties to the proceedings (including the arbitrators) shall agree 
otherwise.

23. Communications

<PAGE> 44

23.1 Any communications or notices between the Parties under this Agreement 
shall be made in English and shall be addressed to the following addresses or
to any other addresses notified in writing to the other Parties:

if to Seller: DIEHL GmbH & Co.
Attn. Mr. Manz-Siebje or Dr. Hederer
Stephanstrasse 49
90478 Nurnberg

if to B&S: Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company
Attn. James Hayes III
200 Frenchtown Road,
Precision Park,
North Kingstown, RI 02852-1700
USA

if to Buyer: Brown & Sharpe International Capital Corporation 
Att. James Hayes III
Precision Park
200 Frenchtown Road
North Kingstown, RI 02852-1700
USA

In witness whereof this deed including its Exhibits has been read to the 
persons appeared and then approved by them and thereupon signed by them and 
the notary public as follows:

[gez. Dr. Hederer]

[gez. Dr. Fisseler]

[Notar]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>LEASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

COMMERCIAL LEASE 

Between the Undersigned:

Societe Immobiliere Lunevilloise S.A.R.L., a French company with a share 
capital of FF 300,000 and registered offices at 13 et 15, Avenue Georges de 
La Tour, Luneville, France (in the process of registration),

represented by its [ ], Mr. [ ], 
specially authorized to sign this agreement pursuant to [ ],

hereinafter referred to as the "Lessor,"

FOR THE FIRST PART

AND:

Ets. Pierre Roch S.A., a French stock corporation with a share capital of FF 
11,750,000, registered in the Trade and Companies Register of Nancy under the 
number B 761 800 671 and having its registered offices at 13 et 15, Avenue 
Georges de La Tour, 54300 Luneville, France,

represented by its [ ], Mr. [ ], 
specially authorized to sign this agreement pursuant to [ ,
hereinafter referred to as the "Lessee,"

FOR THE SECOND PART

AND:

Diehl GmbH & Co., a German limited partnership with registered offices at 
Stephanstrasse 49, 90478 Nurnberg, Germany, represented by its [ 
], Mr. [ ], specially authorized to sign this agreement 
pursuant to [ ],

Hereinafter referred to as "Diehl"

<PAGE> 2

FOR THE THIRD PART

THE PARTIES HERETO HAVE AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

The Lessor hereby leases and rents to Pierre Roch S.A., as Lessee, who hereby 
accepts, the premises described hereinafter, forming part of a building owned 
by it at 13-15, Avenue Georges de La Tour in Luneville.

This Lease is subject to Decree no. 53-960 of September 30, 1953, as amended.

ARTICLE 1 - DESCRIPTION

The premises consist of a site for industrial use located at 13/15, Avenue 
Georges de La Tour in Luneville, France, including:

- factory buildings and
- offices,

registered under Section AO no. 122, of 2.6210 hectares, comprising the 
following lots:

- lot listed in Bureau des Hypotheques de Luneville on 
December 13, 1946, volume 2244 no. 66,

- lot listed in Bureau des Hypotheques de Luneville on August 
17, 1954, volume no. 2461 no. 29,

- lot listed in Bureau des Hypotheques de Luneville on 
December 24, 1954, volume no. 2470 no. 15,

- lot listed in Bureau des Hypotheques de Luneville on May 3, 
1957, volume no. 2538 no. 45,

- lot listed in Bureau des Hypotheques de Luneville on October 
7, 1957, volume 2553 no. 18,

- lot listed in Bureau des Hypotheques de Luneville on January 
23, 1961, volume 2687 no. 6,

- lot listed in Bureau des Hypotheques de Luneville on June 
17, 1963, volume 2805 no. 39,

- lot listed in Bureau des Hypotheques de Luneville on 
September 4, 1963, volume 2815 no. 25

- lot listed in Bureau des Hypotheques de Luneville on January 
11, 1965, volume 2881 no. 34.

For the entirety of the premises, without exception of qualification, the 
Lessee declares that it is fully familiar with the premises by virtue of 
already occupying them.

<PAGE> 3

ARTICLE 2 - USE

The leased premises may be used for the type of activity presently carried 
out by the Lessee. Any substantial change in such usage must in advance be 
approved by the Lessor in writing, which approval shall not be unreasonably 
withheld.

ARTICLE 3 - TERM

This Lease is granted and accepted for a term of nine full consecutive years, 
beginning on March 24, 1994 and ending on March 23, 2003; the Lessee has 
already taken possession.

The Lessee shall be entitled to terminate the Lease as per the end of any 
calendar year by giving written notice of at least 12 months, i.e., for the 
first time as per the end of 1995, by complying with the legal provisions in 
force.

ARTICLE 4 - RENT AND CHARGES

This Lease is granted and accepted in consideration of a quarterly rent, net 
of taxes, of FF 48,000, which the Lessee agrees to pay quarterly in advance 
to the Lessor.

The first payment (of FF 52,130) shall be made on April 1, 1994 for the period 
from March 24 through June 30, 1994. Subsequent payments (of FF 48,000) shall 
be due on the first business day of each calendar quarter.

The Lessee shall pay all charges in relation to the premises as they become 
due directly to the pertinent third party including those charges for 
obligations of the owner (for example taxe fonciere).

Any amounts due from the Lessee to the Lessor for any rent shall be paid by 
check or postal or bank transfer.

<PAGE> 4

ARTICLE 5 - TRIENNIAL ADJUSTMENT

The rent set above shall be subject to adjustment every three years and shall 
be increased or decreased, as agreed upon by the parties, but in no event 
exceeding the changes in the construction cost index published by INSEE (the 
French National Statistics Agency).

The initial reference index shall be the index for the second quarter of 1993, 
i.e. 1012. The comparison index to be used in calculation of the rent 
adjustment shall be that of the second quarter of the year preceding the 
adjustment.

The first adjustment, if any, shall be made on March 24, 1997.

In the event that the index specified above for use in calculating the 
adjustment of the annual rent should cease to be published for any reason 
whatsoever, the adjustment shall be calculated on the basis of either the 
replacement index or a new index agreed to by the parties. If the parties 
are unable to agree on the new index to be used, the parties hereby agree to 
abide by the decision of an expert appointed by the Presiding Judge of the 
District Court (Tribunal de Grande Instance), ruling in summary proceedings. 
The new index adopted must reflect as closely as possible the construction 
cost on the national level, or failing which, on the regional level.

ARTICLE 6 - OBLIGATIONS AND CONDITIONS

In addition, this Lease is granted and accepted subject to the following 
general obligations and conditions:

6.1 - Inventory

The parties agree to draw up an inventory of the premises, based on the 
current inventory, no later than one month after the date hereof. All 
inventory forms part of this agreement.

<PAGE> 5

6.2 - Enjoyment

The Lessee shall enjoy the premises prudently and shall comply with the 
requirements of the rules applicable to the leased premises.

In addition, it shall at all times maintain in the leased premises furniture, 
personal property, goods and equipment which are sufficient in quality and 
value to satisfy at all times its obligations to pay the rent and comply with 
the other terms and conditions of this agreement.

6.3 - Maintenance (entretien)

6.3.1 The Lessee agrees to maintain the leased premises in a good state 
throughout the term of the Lease.

6.3.2 The Lessee shall grant the Lessor, or any other persons appointed by 
the Lessor, access to the leased premises for the purpose of evaluating this 
condition and of providing periodic maintenance of any facilities therein 
after receiving 15 days' prior notice thereof from the Lessor.

With respect thereto, the Lessor agrees that neither he nor his 
employees or agents shall disturb the Lessee's activity during such 
visits.

6.4 - Important Repairs (grosses reparations) and Improvements

The Lessee may carry out any important repairs and improvements in the leased 
premises which are necessary for the conduct of its business with the express 
written consent by the Lessor, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld. With respect to all important repairs and improvements, the Lessor 
and the Lessee shall agree on a mechanism for reimbursing the Lessee for his 
expenditures in case of termination of the lease agreement before full 
amortization of the expenditures.

6.5 - Charges

6.5.1 The Lessee agrees to pay all personal charges for which lessees are 
normally liable, including in particular personal taxes, or any others which 
may be substituted therefore, taxes of any other sort, trash collection 
charges, sewer charges, street cleaning charges, etc. and any others which 
may replace them, and all personal charges for which normally the Lessor is 
liable as the owner, especially taxes regarding the leased land and buildings, 
including real-estate tax.

<PAGE> 6

6.5.2 The Lessee shall also take out contracts for water, gas electricity 
and telephone services and shall duly pay the charges thereon at their due 
dates, in such manner that the Lessor cannot be held liable for such payments.

ARTICLE 7 - SURRENDER OF THE PREMISES

7.1 Before quitting the premises, the Lessee shall provide the Lessor 
with substantiation of the payment of the taxes for which the Lessee is liable, 
including in particular the business tax, and all installments of rent and 
other charges.

7.2 The Lessee shall surrender the leased premises in a condition 
equivalent to the one existing on the date hereof, as reflected in the 
inventory to be drawn up pursuant to Section 6.1, subject to normal wear and 
tear and it is being understood that the Lessee may leave important repairs 
and improvements approved pursuant to Section 6.4 in the approved condition.

ARTICLE 8 - INSURANCE

8.1 The Lessee shall take out insurance on the building against fire and 
all other destructive events (causes de destruction) and against all risks 
customarily insured against to cover its liability as lessee.

8.2 In addition, the Lessee shall be personally liable for any damage to 
the improvements which it may make to the leased premises and to any damage 
caused to furnishings, equipment, goods or any other property belonging to it 
or held by it in any capacity whatsoever.

It shall insure against the risk inherent in its business with an 
insurance company of good standing (fire, explosion, water damage).

Finally, it shall insure against the financial consequences of any 
liability it may incur to neighbors or third parties in general.

8.3 The Lessee shall provide substantiation of all of these contracts 
within one month following the Lessor's demand therefore. The Lessee shall 
pay the outstanding fees for all of these contracts as they become due.

<PAGE> 7

ARTICLE 9 - ENVIRONMENT

The Lessor herewith declares that he has a perfect knowledge of the activity 
of the Lessee since its parent company has been the main shareholder of the 
latter for a long period until March 24, 1994.

9.1 - Representations and Warranties

The Lessor hereby warrants and represents:

9.1.1 There are no past or present events, and/or circumstances, or any 
nature whatsoever which may give rise to any liability, or otherwise form the 
basis of any action, suit, proceeding of any nature whatsoever based on or 
related to the laws and reglementations applicable to environment protection 
directly or indirectly linked to the site mentioned in Article 1.

9.1.2 All permits, licenses and other authorizations which are required 
with respect to the business of the Lessee under the laws and reglementations 
of France or the EEC relating to pollution or protection of the environment 
have been obtained by the Lessee.

9.1.3 The business of the Lessee is operated in compliance with all terms 
and conditions of the required permits, licenses and authorizations at the 
date of signature. The business is also at the date of signature operated 
by the Lessee in full compliance with all other limitations, restrictions, 
conditions, prohibitions, requirements, obligations contained in those laws 
or provisions applicable to the business.

9.1.4 Neither he nor the predecessor owner has been subject to any demand 
or notification addressed by any governmental authority or third party 
concerning reglementations applicable to environmental and pollution matters.

9.1.5 There has not been and is not, at the date of signature, any

(i) burying, dumping, leaking, tank failure, spillage, evaporation, 
underground injection or similar disposition of any oil, chemical 
products or other pollutants on the plant;

(ii) discharge of pollutants, whether solid, gaseous, or liquid, from the 
plant, which has caused or may cause harm to human health or the 
environment; or

<PAGE> 8

(iii) ground for a claim against the Lessee, whether asserted or unasserted, 
based on any discharge on the plant of oil, chemical products, or 
other pollutants.

9.1.6 No part of such property has been used at any time by any person as a 
landfill or waste disposal site.

9.2 - Liability of the Lessor

If any of the declarations and/or warranties stipulated in Article 9.1 should 
turn out to be untrue, and if further the Lessee therefore is, or in his 
reasonable judgment will be in the foreseeable future,

- - either held liable to remove the environmental condition in question, 
or to pay fines/damages on that ground, or

- - by such condition materially impaired in pursuing its ordinary course 
of business as envisaged in this agreement, 

the Lessor shall without delay take all necessary and appropriate measures and 
activities to remove such condition and to put the Lessee as soon as possible, 
given the circumstances, in the position he would have been in had the 
warranty been true.

If, after the lapse of such period, this obligation has not been satisfied by 
the Lessor, the Lessor shall indemnify the Lessee against and hold him 
harmless from any liabilities and losses of every nature and character which 
constitute, arise or result, directly or indirectly, from any error, 
misstatement or omission, failure to perform or any breach in or of any such 
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement.

While the Lessor is taking measures as described above, the Lessee shall not 
take in any way competitive measures of his own unless expressly authorized 
to do so by the Lessor.

<PAGE> 9

9.3 - Limitation of Representations and Warranties

9.3.1 The representations and warranties are granted by the Lessor for a 
period of nine years beginning on the date hereof.

9.3.2 Except for those claims already raised and reasonably substantiated 
by the Lessee, all representations and warranties shall automatically expire 
as soon as the Lessee exercises his option pursuant to the option to be 
granted to him by the Lessor in Article 13.3 of the Share Purchase and 
Transfer Agreement between DIEHL, Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company and 
Brown & Sharpe International Capital Corporation of the date hereof.

9.4 - Implementation of Representations and Warranties

9.4.1 The implementation of the warranty by the Lessee is not subject to 
any formal procedure. Written notification by the Lessee to Lessor by letter, 
telex or telefax sent as soon as reasonable possible shall be sufficient.

9.4.2 the payment of any sum due by the Lessor in application of Article 9 
of this agreement can be made, at the Lessee's choice, either by means of 
set-off against any sum that the Lessee owes to the Lessor, in particular as 
payment of the rent, unless disputed by the Lessor, or by means of an actual 
payment by the Lessor to the Lessee.

9.5 - Scope of Representations and Warranties

For the avoidance of doubt, all obligations of the Lessor in connection with 
the representations and warranties contained in this agreement will also 
apply to situations where any of the declarations and/or warranties stipulated 
in Article 9.1 should turn out to be untrue due to a change in the law or the 
applicable standards, or due to a new interpretation of such laws or such 
standards, after the date of this agreement. The parties further agree that 
knowledge the Lessee may have obtained on the premises before the signing of 
this agreement does not in any way preclude him from invoking any of his 
rights under this agreement.

<PAGE> 10

ARTICLE 10 - ASSIGNMENT

The Lessee may assign its rights under this lease to affiliated companies with 
the express written consent of the Lessor, such consent not to be withheld 
unreasonably.

ARTICLE 11 - SUB-LETTING

The Lessee may not sub-let all or part of the leased premises or lend the use 
thereof, even on a gratuitous basis, without the express written consent of the 
Lessor, such consent not to be withheld unreasonably. 

ARTICLE 12 - VAT ELECTION

The Lessor reserves the right to elect to be subject to value-added tax on the 
rent set above on the leased premises, pursuant to Decree no. 67-126 of 
December 22, 1967.

ARTICLE 13 - TERMINATION

If any installment of rent, including the amount of its adjustment, is not 
paid when due and one month after the Lessor issues an order to pay or a 
formal notice sent by extra-judicial act setting forth the Lessor's intent to 
invoke this article, which order or notice remains unheeded, this Lease shall 
be terminated automatically and immediately, without the need to fulfill any 
judicial formality and notwithstanding any subsequent offers or deposits.

ARTICLE 14 - EXPENSES AND REGISTRATION

The registration duties and the expenses and fees for this Lease shall be borne 
in equal shares by the Lessee and the Lessor.

<PAGE> 11

ARTICLE 15 - ELECTION OF DOMICILE

The Lessee elects domicile in the leased premises for the performance hereof, 
including in particular service of any documents.

The Lessor elects domicile at the registered offices of Diehl.

ARTICLE 16 - PAYMENTS

The payment of any sum due by one party to another under this agreement shall 
be made within eight (8) days of a written notice for that effect by the other 
party, supported by appropriate justifying documents.

If any payment under this agreement is not made by the due date, the sum due 
will immediately and without prior notice bear interest, at an annual rate 
corresponding to the TMM (French monetary market rate) in effect during the 
relevant period (or failing which at PIBOR +2 points from day to day for the 
relevant period) plus two (2) points. This provision shall not be construed 
as entitling any party to make late payments.

ARTICLE 17 - GUARANTEE

Diehl shall fulfill, on behalf of the Lessor and upon the request of the 
Lessee, all obligations of the Lessor under this Agreement, be it specific 
performance, payment obligations or damages, provided that the Lessor does 
not fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.

ARTICLE 18 - CHOICE OF LAW AND JURISDICTION

This Agreement shall be governed by French law. Place of jurisdiction shall 
be Luneville.

Signed in [ ] in five originals,

On

_____________________________ ______________________________
DIEHL GmbH & Co. Pierre ROCH S.A.

______________________________
Societe Immobiliere Lunevilloise
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>