<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000109265-94-000008.txt : 19940202
<IMS-HEADER>0000109265-94-000008.hdr.sgml : 19940202
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000109265-94-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940131
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940201

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZENITH ELECTRONICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000109265
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3651
		IRS NUMBER:				361996520
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04115
		FILM NUMBER:		94503935

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 MILWAUKEE AVE
		CITY:			GLENVIEW
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7083917000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 MILWAUKEE AVENUE
		CITY:			GLENVIEW
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZENITH RADIO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840508
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
FORM 8-K

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest
event reported): January 31, 1994

Zenith Electronics Corporation
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-4115 36-1996520
(State of jurisdiction (Commission File (IRS Employer
of incorporation) Number) Identification No.)

1000 Milwaukee Avenue
Glenview, Illinois 60025
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number,
including area code (708) 391-7000

Not applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

<PAGE>

Item 5. Other Events.

A. On January 28, 1994, Zenith Electronics Corporation (the 
"Company") entered into an amendment (the "Fourth Amendment") 
to its $90 million Credit Agreement dated as of May 21, 1993, 
as amended on November 8, 1993, December 29, 1993 and January 7, 
1994 (the "Credit Agreement"), among the Company, General Electric 
Capital Corporation, as agent for itself and the other lenders named 
therein, to revise restrictive financial covenants as of December 
31, 1993. The Fourth Amendment was negotiated as a result of the 
Company's previously announced plan to take a fourth quarter 1993 
special charge of about $30 million. The revisions were made to 
financial covenants relating to (i) restrictions on capital 
expenditures for each fiscal quarter; (ii) a quarterly minimum 
net worth test (total assets less reserves and total liabilities) 
at revised amounts ranging from a high of $140 million to a low 
of $101 million; and (iii) a quarterly leverage ratio requirement 
(total liabilities, other than contingent obligations under letters 
of credit, to net worth, calculated as set forth above) at various 
revised levels ranging from a high of 4.95 to 1.0 to a low of 3.70 
to 1.0. The Fourth Amendment reduced the required minimum net worth 
as of December 31, 1993 from $178.0 million to $140 million and 
reduced the required leverage ratio requirement at December 31, 1993 
from 2.27 to 1.0 to 3.70 to 1.0. On January 28, 1994 the Company had 
borrowings of $19 million under the Credit Agreement. The Credit 
Agreement terminates December 31, 1994. A copy of the Fourth 
Amendment is attached as Exhibit Number 4 hereto and is incorporated 
by reference herein.

B. On January 31, 1994, Zenith Electronics Corporation issued a press 
release announcing that it has issued about 1 million shares of 
common stock with a market value of about $8 million to Zenith's 
employee profit sharing plans. A copy of the press release is 
attached as Exhibit No. 20 hereto and is incorporated by 
reference herein.

C. At its meeting on January 24, 1994, the Company's Board of Directors 
amended the Company's By-laws in the following respect:

1. To provide that the Executive Committee of the board 
of directors be authorized to appoint a successor 
chief executive officer or a successor chairman, in the 
event of a vacancy in either or both offices, to serve 
until the next meeting of the board of directors.

2. To provide that the keeping of regular minutes of any 
committee of the board of directors shall be left to the 
discretion of such Committee unless required to do so 
by the board of directors.

A copy of the Amended and Restated By-Laws is attached as Exhibit 
No. 3 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

<PAGE>

Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro forma Financial Information and Exhibits.

(c) The exhibits accompanying this report are listed in the 
accompanying Exhibit Index

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf 
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ZENITH ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

By:/s/ David S. Levin 
David S. Levin, Secretary

Date: January 31, 1994

<PAGE>

Exhibit Index

Exhibit 
Number Exhibit Description 

3 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Zenith 
Electronics Corporation effective January 24, 1994

4 Amendment No. 4 dated January 28, 1994 to 
Credit Agreement dated as of May 21, 1993, 
as amended, between the Company, General 
Electric Capital Corporation, as agent for itself 
and the other lenders named therein

20 Press Release dated January 31, 1994
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 3

Effective 1/24/94 

ZENITH ELECTRONICS CORPORATION

BY-LAWS

______________________________

ARTICLE I
OFFICES

Section l. The registered office in the State of Delaware shall be in 
the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.

Section 2. The corporation may also have offices at such other 
places both within and without the State of Delaware as the board of 
directors may from time to time determine or the business of the 
corporation may require.

ARTICLE II
MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. All meetings of the stockholders for the election of 
directors shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of 
Delaware, as may be fixed from time to time by the board of directors. 
Meetings of stockholders for any other purpose may be held at such time 
and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in 
the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof.

Section 2. Annual meetings of stockholders shall be held on 
such business day as the Board of Directors shall, by resolution, 
designate. At annual meetings, the stockholders shall elect by a plurality 
vote a board of directors and shall transact such other business as may 
properly be brought before the meeting. 

Section 3. Written notice of the annual meeting stating the 
place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each stockholder 
entitled to vote thereat not less than twenty nor more than sixty days 
before the date of the meeting. At an annual meeting of the stockholders, 
only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before 
the meeting (a) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (b) by any 
stockholder of the corporation who complies with the notice procedures 
set forth in this Section 3. For business to be properly brought before an 
annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely 
notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the corporation. Except as 
otherwise provided in Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended, to be timely, a stockholder's notice must be 
delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the 
corporation not less than sixty days nor more than ninety days prior to the 
meeting; provided, however, that in the event that less than seventy-five 
days' notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given or 
made to stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be 
received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the 
day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or 
such public disclosure was made. A stockholder's notice to the secretary 
shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before 
the annual meeting (a) a brief description of the business desired to be 
brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such 
business at the annual meeting, (b) the name and address, as they 
appear on the corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such 
business, (c) the number of shares of common stock of the corporation 
which are beneficially owned by the stockholder and (d) any material 
interest of the stockholder in such business. Notwithstanding anything in 
these by-laws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at an 
annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this 
Section 3. The chairman of an annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, 
determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly 
brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this 
Section 3, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the 
meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting 
shall not be transacted.

Section 4. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the 
corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every 
meeting of stockholders a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote 
at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of 
and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. 
Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any 
purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a 
period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the 
city, town or village where the meeting is to be held and which place shall 
be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not specified, at the place 
where said meeting is to be held, and the list shall be produced and kept 
at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and 
subject to the inspection of any stockholder who may be present.

Section 5. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose 
or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the certificate of 
incorporation, may be called by the chairman or president or a majority of 
the board of directors.

Section 6. Written notice of a special meeting of stockholders, 
stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and the purpose or 
purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given to each 
stockholder entitled to vote thereat, not less than ten nor more than sixty 
days before the date fixed for the meeting.

Section 7. Business transacted at any special meeting of 
stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 8. The holders of a majority of the stock issued and 
outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented 
by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for 
the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by 
the certificate of incorporation. If, however, such quorum shall not be 
present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the 
stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by 
proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without 
notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be 
present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum 
shall be present or represented any business may be transacted which 
might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If the 
adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after adjournment a new 
record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned 
meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the 
meeting.

Section 9. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of 
the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in 
person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before 
such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision 
of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation, a different vote is 
required in which case such express provision shall govern and control the 
decision of such question.

Section 10. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of 
incorporation and subject to statutory provisions relating to the fixing of 
record dates, each stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders 
be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of the capital 
stock having voting power held by such stockholder, but no proxy shall be 
voted on after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a 
longer period.

Section 11. (a) Any action which is required to be or may be taken 
at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation may be 
taken without a meeting, without prior notice to stockholders and without a 
vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, 
shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than 
the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or to 
take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon 
were present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by 
delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place 
of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the 
book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. 
Delivery made to the corporation's registered office in the State of 
Delaware shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt 
requested.

(b) Every written consent to corporate action shall bear the date of 
signature of each stockholder who signs the consent. Consents to 
corporate action shall be valid for a maximum of sixty (60) days after the 
date of the earliest dated consent delivered to the corporation in the 
manner provided in Section 228(c) of the General Corporation Law of the 
State of Delaware. Consents may be revoked by written notice (i) to the 
corporation, (ii) to the stockholder or stockholders soliciting consents or 
soliciting revocations in opposition to action by consent proposed by the 
Corporation (the "Soliciting Stockholders"), if any, or (iii) to a proxy 
solicitor or other agent designated by the corporation or the Soliciting 
Stockholders.

(c) Within three (3) business days after receipt of the earliest dated 
consent delivered to the corporation in the manner provided in Section 
228(c) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or the 
determination by the Board that the corporation should seek corporate 
action by written consent, as the case may be, the Secretary shall engage 
nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections for the purpose 
of performing a ministerial review of the validity of the consents and 
revocations. The cost of retaining inspectors of election shall be borne by 
the corporation.

Consents and/or revocations shall be delivered to the inspectors 
promptly upon receipt by the corporation, the Soliciting Stockholders, if 
any, or their proxy solicitors or other designated agents. As soon as 
consents and revocations are received, the inspectors shall review the 
consents and revocations and shall maintain a count of the number of 
valid and unrevoked consents. The inspectors shall keep such count 
confidential and shall not reveal the count to the corporation, the Soliciting 
Stockholders, if any, their respective representatives or any other entity. 
As soon as practicable after the earlier of (i) a written request therefor by 
the corporation or the Soliciting Stockholders sixty (60) days after the date 
of the earliest dated consent delivered to the corporation in the manner 
provided in Section 228(c) of the General Corporation Law of the State of 
Delaware or (ii) a written request therefor by the corporation or the 
Soliciting Stockholders (whichever is soliciting consents), notice of which 
request shall be given to the party opposing the solicitation of consents, if 
any, which request shall state that the corporation or Soliciting 
Stockholders, as the case may be, have a good faith belief that the 
requisite number of valid and unrevoked consents to authorize or take the 
action specified in the consents has been received in accordance with 
these By-Laws, the inspectors shall issue a preliminary report to the 
corporation and the Soliciting Stockholders stating: (i) the number of valid 
consents; (ii) the number of valid revocations; (iii) the number of valid and 
unrevoked consents; (iv) the number of invalid consents; (v) the number of 
invalid revocations; and (vi) whether, based on their preliminary count, the 
requisite number of valid and unrevoked consents has been obtained to 
authorize or take the action specified in the consents.

Unless the corporation and the Soliciting Stockholders, if any, shall 
agree to a shorter or longer period, the corporation and the Soliciting 
Stockholders, if any, shall have 48 hours to review the consents and 
revocations and to advise the inspectors and the opposing party, if any, in 
writing as to whether they intend to challenge the preliminary report of the 
inspectors. If no written notice of an intention to challenge the preliminary 
report is received within 48 hours after the inspectors' issuance of the 
preliminary report, the inspectors shall issue to the corporation and the 
Soliciting Stockholders, if any, their final report containing the information 
from the inspectors' determination with respect to whether the requisite 
number of valid and unrevoked consents was obtained to authorize and 
take the action specified in the consents. If the corporation or the 
Soliciting Stockholders, if any, issue written notice of an intention to 
challenge the inspectors' preliminary report within 48 hours after the 
issuance of that report, a challenge session shall be scheduled by the 
inspectors as promptly as practicable. A transcript of the challenge 
session shall be recorded by a certified court reporter. Following 
completion of the challenge session, the inspectors shall as promptly as 
practicable issue their final report to the Soliciting Stockholders, if any, 
and the corporation, which report shall contain the information included in the 
preliminary report, plus all changes in the vote totals as a result of the 
challenge and a certification of whether the requisite number of valid and 
unrevoked consents was obtained to authorize or take the action specified 
in the consents. A copy of the final report of the inspectors shall be 
included in the book in which the proceedings of meetings of stockholders 
are recorded.

The corporation shall give prompt notice to the stockholders of the 
taking of corporate action without a meeting and by less than unanimous 
written consent.

ARTICLE III
DIRECTORS

Section 1. The number of Directors which shall constitute the 
whole Board shall be ten. Directors need not be stockholders. Each 
Director shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified. Only 
persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in 
these by-laws shall be eligible for election as directors. Nominations of 
persons for election to the board of directors of the corporation may be 
made at a meeting of stockholders (a) by or at the direction of the board of 
directors or (b) by any stockholder of the corporation entitled to vote for 
the election of directors at the meeting who complies with the notice 
procedures set forth in this Section 1. Such nominations, other than those 
made by or at the direction of the board of directors, shall be made 
pursuant to timely notice in writing to the secretary of the corporation. To 
be timely, a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to or mailed and 
received at the principal executive offices of the corporation not less than 
sixty days nor more than ninety days prior to the meeting; provided 
however, that in the event that less than seventy-five days' notice or prior 
public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given or made to 
stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received 
not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on 
which such notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or such public 
disclosure was made. Such stockholder's notice shall set forth (a) as to 
each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or 
re-election as a director, all information relating to such person that is 
required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, 
or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including such 
person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a 
nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and (b) as to the 
stockholder giving the notice (i) the name and address, as they appear on 
the corporation's books, of such stockholder and (ii) the number of shares 
of common stock of the corporation which are beneficially owned by such 
stockholder. At the request of the board of directors any person 
nominated by the board of directors for election as a director shall furnish 
to the secretary of the corporation that information required to be set forth 
in a stockholder's notice of nomination which pertains to the nominee. No 
person shall be eligible for election as a director of the corporation unless 
nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these by-laws. 
The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and 
declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with 
the procedures prescribed by these by-laws, and if he should so 
determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and the defective 
nomination shall be disregarded. Anything in this Section 1 to the contrary 
notwithstanding, except as provided in the first three sentences of this 
Section 1, this Section 1 shall not apply to or in any way restrict the rights 
of stockholders to elect directors by written consents without a meeting as 
provided in Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of 
Delaware.

Section 2. Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting 
from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a 
majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, and the 
directors so chosen shall hold office until their successors are duly elected 
and shall qualify, unless sooner displaced.

Section 3. The business of the corporation shall be managed by 
or under the direction of its board of directors which may exercise all such 
powers of the corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not 
by statute or by the certificate of incorporation or by these by-laws directed 
or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 4. The board of directors of the corporation may hold 
meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of 
Delaware.

Section 5. The first meeting of each newly elected board of 
directors shall be held immediately following and at the place of the annual 
meeting of stockholders and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary 
to the newly elected directors in order legally to constitute the meeting, 
provided a quorum shall be present. In the event such meeting is not held 
at such time and place, the meeting may be held at such other time and 
place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for 
special meetings of the board of directors, or as shall be specified in a 
written waiver signed by all of the directors.

Section 6. Regular meetings of the board of directors may be 
held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to 
time be determined by the board.

Section 7. Special meetings of the board and meetings of any 
committee of the board may be called by the chairman on one day notice 
to each director or committee member, either by telephone or by mail or by 
telegram; special meetings of the board of directors shall be called by the 
chairman or secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written 
request of two directors.

Section 8. At all meetings of the board a majority shall constitute 
a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the 
directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the 
act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically 
provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. If a quorum shall 
not be present at any meeting of the board of directors the directors 
present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice 
other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 9. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any 
meeting of the board of directors or of any committee thereof may be 
taken without a meeting, if all members of the board or committee, as the 
case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing, or writings are 
filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee.

Section 10. Members of the board of directors, or any committee 
designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the 
board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone 
or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons 
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in 
a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS

Section 11. The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a 
majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, each 
committee to consist of two or more of the directors of the corporation, 
which, to the extent provided in the resolution and to the extent permitted 
by Delaware Law, shall have and may exercise the powers of the board of 
directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation 
and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers 
which may require it. Such committee or committees shall have such 
name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution 
adopted by the board of directors.

Section 12. Each committee shall report to the board of directors 
on the actions taken at its meetings, but need not keep regular minutes 
thereof unless required to do so by the board of directors.

Section 13. There shall be an Executive Committee of the board 
of directors of the Company. The board of directors shall, at its first 
meeting after the annual meeting of stockholders in each year, elect a 
chairman and other members of the Committee. The directors elected as 
members of the Executive Committee shall serve as such for one year and 
until their respective successors, willing to serve, shall have been elected. 
The Executive Committee shall, when the board is not in session, have and 
may exercise all of the authority of the board of directors in the 
management of the Company; provided, however, that the Executive 
Committee shall not have the authority of the board of directors in 
reference to (1) amending the articles of incorporation, (2) adopting a plan 
of merger or adopting a plan of consolidation with another corporation or 
corporations, (3) recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease, 
exchange, mortgage, pledge or other disposition of all or substantially all of 
the property and assets of the Company, (4) recommending to the 
stockholders a voluntary dissolution of the Company or a revocation 
thereof, (5) amending, altering or repealing the by-laws of the Company, 
(6) electing or removing officers of the Company or members of the 
Executive Committee, (7) fixing the compensation of any member of the 
Executive Committee, (8) declaring dividends, (9) authorizing the issuance 
of stock, or (10) amending, altering or repealing any resolution of the board 
of directors which by its terms provides that it shall not be amended, 
altered or repealed by the Executive Committee; provided further, that in 
the event of the death, disability or refusal to act of the chief executive 
officer or the chairman, the Executive Committee shall appoint a chief 
executive officer or a chairman who shall serve until the next meeting of 
the board of directors. Vacancies in the regular membership of the 
Executive Committee shall be filled by the board of directors.

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

Section 14. The board of directors shall have the authority to fix 
the compensation of directors.

ARTICLE IV
NOTICES

Section 1. Notices to stockholders shall be in writing and 
delivered personally or mailed to the stockholders at their addresses 
appearing on the books of the corporation. Notice by mail shall be 
deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be mailed.

Section 2. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the 
provisions of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation or of these 
by-laws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons 
entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall 
be deemed equivalent thereto.

ARTICLE V
OFFICERS

Section 1. The officers of the corporation shall be chosen by the 
board of directors and shall be a chief executive officer, a chairman, a 
president, a vice president, a secretary and a treasurer. The board of 
directors may also choose additional vice presidents, executive vice 
presidents, senior vice presidents, assistant secretaries and assistant 
treasurers. Two or more offices may be held by the same person.

Section 2. The board of directors at its first meeting after each 
annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a chairman from among the 
directors, and shall choose a chief executive officer, a president and one 
or more vice presidents, a secretary and a treasurer, none of whom need 
be a member of the Board. 

Section 3. The board of directors may appoint such other officers 
and agents as it shall deem necessary who shall hold their offices for such 
terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be 
determined from time to time by the board.

Section 4. The salaries of all officers of the corporation shall be 
fixed by a committee appointed by the board of directors.

Section 5. The officers of the corporation shall hold office until 
their successors are chosen and qualify. Any officer elected or appointed 
by the board of directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative 
vote of a majority of the board of directors. Except as otherwise provided 
in Section 13 of Article III, any vacancy occurring in any office of the 
corporation shall be filled by the board of directors.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Section 6. The chief executive officer of the corporation shall 
have, under the direction of the board of directors, general charge of the 
affairs of the corporation. He shall see that all orders and resolutions of 
the board of directors are carried into effect. He may execute all contracts 
and agreements authorized by the board of directors and shall vote all 
shares of stock in other corporations standing in the name of the 
corporation. He may sign bonds, mortgages, certificates for shares of 
stock and all other contracts and documents whether or not under the 
seal of the corporation except in cases where the signing and execution 
thereof shall be expressly delegated by law, by the board of directors, or by 
these by-laws, to some other officer or agent of the corporation. He shall 
from time to time report to the board of directors all matters within his 
knowledge which the interest of the corporation may require be brought to 
its notice. He shall have the general powers of supervision and shall be 
the final arbiter in all differences between all officers of the corporation 
and his decision as to any matter affecting the corporation shall be final and 
binding as between officers of the corporation subject only to the board of 
directors; provided however, that in the event of differences between the 
chief executive officer and the chairman, the board of directors shall be the 
final arbiter.

THE CHAIRMAN

Section 7. The chairman shall act as chairman of all meetings of 
stockholders and of the board of directors. The chairman shall from time 
to time report to the board of directors all matters within his knowledge 
which the interest of the corporation may require be brought to its notice. 
He shall have concurrent power with the chief executive officer and the 
president to execute all contracts and agreements authorized by the 
board of directors and shall have concurrent power with the chief executive 
officer and the president to vote all shares of stock in other corporations 
standing in the name of the corporation. He may sign bonds, mortgages, 
certificates for shares of stock and all other contracts and documents 
whether or not under the seal of the corporation except in cases where the 
signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by law, by the 
board of directors, or by these by-laws, to some other officer or agent of 
the corporation. In the absence of the chief executive officer or in the 
event of his death, disability or refusal to act, he shall have such other 
powers as are vested in the chief executive officer.

THE PRESIDENT

Section 8. The president shall have the direction and active 
management of the business of the corporation under the general 
supervision of the chief executive officer. He shall have concurrent power 
with the chief executive officer and the chairman to execute all contracts 
and agreements authorized by the board of directors and shall have 
concurrent power with the chief executive officer and the chairman to vote 
all shares of stock in other corporations standing in the name of the 
corporation. He may sign bonds, mortgages, certificates for shares of 
stock and all other contracts and documents whether or not under the 
seal of the corporation except in cases where the signing and execution 
thereof shall be expressly delegated by law, by the board of directors, or by 
these by-laws, to some other officer or agent of the corporation. In the 
absence of the chairman or in the event of his death, disability or refusal to 
act, (i) the president shall have such other powers as are vested in the 
chairman other than the power to act as chairman of meetings of the 
stockholders, and (ii) the board of directors shall separately designate the 
officer (which may be the president) who shall act as chairman of all 
meetings of stockholders and of the board of directors. 

THE VICE PRESIDENTS

Section 9. The executive vice presidents, senior vice presidents 
and vice presidents shall perform such duties and have such powers as 
may be prescribed by the board of directors.

THE SECRETARY

Section 10. The secretary shall keep the minutes of all meetings 
of the board of directors, the minutes of all meetings of the stockholders, 
the minutes of all meetings of the committees, which from time to time may 
be appointed under authority of these by-laws, in books provided by the 
corporation for such purpose. He shall attend to the giving and serving of 
all notices of the corporation whereby meetings of the board of directors, 
stockholders and committees are assembled. He shall prepare all lists of 
stockholders and their addresses required to be prepared by the 
provisions of any present or future statute of the State of Delaware. He 
may sign, with the chief executive officer or the chairman or the president 
or a vice president, in the name of the corporation, when authorized by the 
board of directors so to do, all contracts or other instruments requiring the 
seal of the corporation and may affix the seal thereto. He shall have 
concurrent power, acting alone or jointly, with the chief executive officer, 
the chairman, or the president to vote all shares of stock in other 
corporations the majority of the voting stock of which is owned by the 
corporation. He shall have charge of such books and such papers as the 
board of directors may direct. He shall, in general, perform all of the duties 
which are incident to the office of secretary of a corporation, subject at all 
times, to the direction and control of the board of directors.

THE TREASURER

Section 11. The treasurer shall have custody of all funds and 
securities of the corporation. When necessary or proper he shall endorse 
for collection checks, drafts and other instruments for the payment of 
money and shall deposit them to the credit of the corporation in an 
authorized bank or depository. Whenever required by the board of 
directors, he shall render an account of his transactions. He shall perform 
all acts incident to the position of treasurer, subject to the control of the 
board of directors. He shall have such powers and perform such duties as 
may be assigned to him by the board of directors. He shall submit such 
reports and records to the board of directors as may be requested by 
them.

ARTICLE VI
CERTIFICATES OF STOCK

Section 1. The shares of the corporation shall be represented by 
certificates signed by the chief executive officer or the chairman or the 
president or a vice president and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer 
or the secretary or an assistant secretary and may be sealed with the seal, 
or a facsimile of the seal of the corporation. In case the seal of the 
corporation is changed after the certificate is sealed with the seal or a 
facsimile of the seal of the corporation, but before it is issued, the 
certificate may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if the 
seal had not been changed. Any or all signatures on the certificate may 
be a facsimile. In case any officer of the corporation, transfer agent or 
registrar, or any officer or employee of the transfer agent or registrar who 
has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon such 
certificate ceases to be an officer of the corporation, transfer agent or 
registrar before such certificate is issued, the certificate may be issued by 
the corporation with the same effect as if the officer of the corporation, 
transfer agent or registrar had not ceased to be such at the date of its 
issue.

LOST CERTIFICATES

Section 2. The board of directors may by resolution adopt such 
procedures as it deems appropriate for the issuance of certificates to 
replace certificates which have 
been lost, stolen or destroyed.

TRANSFERS OF STOCK

Section 3. Upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer 
agent of the corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or 
accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority 
to transfer, it shall be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate 
to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the 
transaction upon its books.

FIXING RECORD DATE

Section 4. In order that the corporation may determine the 
stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders 
or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in 
writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or 
other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any 
rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the 
purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in 
advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than 
ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to 
any other action. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to 
notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any 
adjournment of the meeting: provided, however, that the board of 
directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

ARTICLE VII 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
DIVIDENDS

Section 1. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, 
subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, if any, may be 
declared by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting, 
pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of 
the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of 
incorporation.

Section 2. The board of directors may set apart out of any of the 
funds of the corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for 
any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve.

ANNUAL STATEMENT

Section 3. The chief executive officer shall present at each 
annual meeting, and at any special meeting of the stockholders when 
called for by vote of the stockholders, a full and clear statement of the 
business and condition of the corporation.

CHECKS

Section 4. All checks or demands for money and notes of the 
corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person 
or persons as the board of directors may from time to time designate.

FISCAL YEAR

Section 5. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by 
resolution of the board of directors.

SEAL

Section 6. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the 
name of the corporation and the words "Corporate Seal, Delaware". The 
seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or 
affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

ARTICLE VIII
INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1. Each person who was or is a party or is threatened to 
be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or 
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and 
whether or not the action is by or in the right of the corporation, by reason 
of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is 
or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of 
another enterprise, shall be indemnified by the corporation against 
expenses, (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid 
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with 
such action, suit or proceeding in accordance with, and to the fullest 
extent authorized by, the General Corporation Law of the State of 
Delaware as it may be in effect from time to time.

ARTICLE IX
AMENDMENTS

Section 1. These by-laws may be altered or repealed at any 
regular meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors or at any 
special meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors if notice of 
such alteration or repeal be contained in the notice of such special 
meeting.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>FOURTH AMENDMENT TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this 
"Amendment"), dated as of January 28, 1994, is by and between 
ZENITH ELECTRONICS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, as 
Borrower, GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, a New York 
corporation, as Agent and as Lender, THE BANK OF NEW YORK 
COMMERCIAL CORPORATION, a New York corporation, as Lender, and 
CONGRESS FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a California corporation, as 
Lender.

RECITALS

A. Borrower, Agent and Lenders are parties to that 
certain Credit Agreement dated as of the May 21, 1993, as amended 
by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of 
November 8, 1993, as further amended by that certain Second 
Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 29, 1993, and 
as further amended by that certain Third Amendment to Credit 
Agreement dated as of January 7, 1994 (collectively, as amended, 
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, 
the "Credit Agreement"), pursuant to which Lenders have made and 
may hereafter make loans and advances and other extensions of 
credit to Borrower;

B. Borrower wishes, and Agent and Lenders are 
willing, to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement, all 
on the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment; and

C. Each capitalized term used in this Amendment and 
not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning 
ascribed thereto in Schedule A to the Credit Agreement; this 
Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document; these Recitals shall 
be construed as part of this Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and 
the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto 
agree as follows:

1. Amendment of the Credit Agreement.

1.1 The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting from 
subsection 1.2(b)(A) thereof the reference to "twenty-five 
percent (25%)" and by substituting therefor a reference to 
"thirty-five percent (35%)."

1.2 The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting 
immediately after the reference to "Mexico" contained in the 
first paragraph of Section 6.22 thereof the following reference:

"and which, in addition, may maintain a supply of 
finished goods Inventory in the ordinary course of 
business for sale to customers located in Central 
America and South America"

1.3 The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting 
immediately at the end of the second sentence of Section 5.5 
thereof the following reference:

", except as otherwise approved in writing in advance 
by Agent in its sole discretion"

1.4 The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting 
Schedule 3.20, Part II thereto in its entirety and by 
substituting therefor the new Schedule 3.20, Part II attached as 
Exhibit A hereto.

1.5 The Credit Agreement is hereby amended, which amendment 
shall be effective as of December 31, 1993, by deleting Schedule 
6.11 thereto in its entirety and by substituting therefor the new 
Schedule 6.11 attached as Exhibit B hereto.

2. Amendment of the First, Second and Third Amendments 
to the Credit Agreement.

2.1 The First and Third Amendments to the Credit Agreement 
are each hereby amended by deleting from Section 12 of each 
thereof the reference to "NEW YORK," and by substituting in each 
case therefor a reference to "ILLINOIS."

2.2 The First, Second and Third Amendments to the Credit 
Agreement are each hereby amended by deleting from the signature 
page of each thereof the reference to "and delivered in New 
York."

3. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall 
not become effective, and neither the Agent nor any Lender shall 
have any obligation hereunder, until the following conditions 
shall have been satisfied in full, in Agent's sole discretion:

(a) Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, shall have 
received all duly executed counterparts of this Amendment;

(b) Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, shall have 
received a duly executed original of that certain Fee Letter 
dated as of the date hereof between Borrower and Agent (the 
"Fee Letter"), together with payment in full in immediately 
available funds, for the benefit of each Lender as set forth 
in the Fee Letter, of the fee referred to in the Fee Letter;

(c) Borrower and each Domestic Subsidiary shall have 
obtained all consents (including, without limitation, 
consents of all Governmental Authorities and all holders of 
such Person's capital stock) necessary in connection with 
the execution and delivery of this Amendment and any other 
agreement, certificate, document or other instrument 
contemplated hereunder, and shall have provided satisfactory 
evidence thereof to Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders;

(d) except for Schedules which, pursuant to the terms 
of the Credit Agreement, are not specifically required to be 
updated subsequent to the Closing Date, Agent, on behalf of 
itself and Lenders, shall have received revised Schedules to 
the Credit Agreement to the extent necessary to make the 
information contained therein true, accurate and complete in 
all respects;

(e) Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, shall have 
received such other agreements, certificates, documents or 
other instruments as Agent may request; and

(f) on and as of the date hereof, the representations 
and warranties of Borrower made pursuant to Section 4 hereof 
shall be true, accurate and complete in all respects.

4. Representations and Warranties of Borrower. In 
order to induce Agent and Lenders to enter into this Amendment, 
Borrower hereby makes the following representations and 
warranties, each of which shall survive the execution and 
delivery of this Amendment:

(a) after giving effect to this Amendment and the 
transactions contemplated hereby, no Default or Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(b) on and as of the date hereof and after giving 
effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated 
hereby, the representations and warranties of Borrower and 
each Domestic Subsidiary contained in the Loan Documents are 
true, accurate and complete in all respects on and as of the 
date hereof to the same extent as though made on and as of 
the date hereof, except to the extent that any such 
representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier 
date;

(c) the execution, delivery and performance by 
Borrower and each Guarantor Subsidiary of this Amendment and 
each of the agreements, certificates, documents and other 
instruments described herein or contemplated hereby to which 
such Person is a party are within its corporate powers and 
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action 
on the part of such Person (including, without limitation, 
resolutions of the board of directors and, as applicable, 
the stockholders, of such Person), and this Amendment and 
such agreements, certificates, documents and instruments are 
the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person 
enforceable against such Person in accordance with their 
respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by 
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the 
rights of creditors generally or by application of general 
principles of equity; and

(d) a true, accurate and complete copy of Borrower's 
1994 budgeted statement of cash flow, income statement and 
balance sheet, together with Borrower's letter to Agent 
dated December 15, 1993 containing assumptions supporting 
the same (each of the foregoing collectively referred to 
herein as the "Projections") are attached as Exhibit C 
hereto. Borrower has prepared the Projections carefully and 
diligently and based upon assumptions which are reasonable 
and realistic and reflect in good faith the current 
conditions affecting Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

5. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement.

5.1. Except as specifically amended above, the Credit 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and the Credit 
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, is hereby ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.

5.2. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this 
Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or 
remedy of Agent or Lenders under the Credit Agreement or any of 
the other Loan Documents, or constitute a waiver of any provision 
of the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Upon 
the effectiveness of this Amendment each reference in (a) the 
Credit Agreement to "this Agreement," "hereunder," "hereof," or 
words of similar import and (b) any other Loan Document to "the 
Credit Agreement," shall, in each case, mean and be a reference 
to the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby.

6. Miscellaneous.

6.1 Successors and Assigns. This Amendment shall be 
binding on and shall inure to the benefit of Borrower, each 
Domestic Subsidiary, Agent, each Lender and each such Person's 
respective successors and assigns, except as otherwise provided 
herein or therein. Neither Borrower nor any Domestic Subsidiary 
may assign, transfer, hypothecate or otherwise convey its rights, 
benefits, obligations or duties hereunder without the prior 
express written consent of Agent and Requisite Lenders. Any such 
purported assignment, transfer, hypothecation or other conveyance 
by Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary without the prior express 
written consent of Agent and Requisite Lenders shall be null and 
void, as if the same shall have never occurred. The terms and 
provisions of this Amendment are for the purpose of defining the 
relative rights and obligations of Borrower, each Domestic 
Subsidiary, Agent and each Lender with respect to the 
transactions contemplated hereby and there shall be no third 
party beneficiaries of any of the terms and provisions of this 
Amendment.

6.2 Entire Agreement. This Amendment, including all 
agreements, certificates, documents, exhibits, schedules and 
other instruments attached hereto or incorporated by reference 
herein, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other 
understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject 
matter hereof.

6.3 Fees and Expenses. Borrower agrees to pay on 
demand all fees, costs and expenses incurred by or otherwise due 
to Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, in connection with the 
preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment, together 
with all fees, costs and expenses incurred by or otherwise due to 
Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, prior to the date hereof 
which are payable by Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement.

6.4 Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are 
included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not 
constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose.

6.5 Severability. Wherever possible, each provision 
of this Amendment shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be 
effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of 
this Amendment shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable 
law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of 
such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the 
remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this 
Amendment.

6.6 Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in 
any number of separate counterparts, each of which shall 
collectively and separately constitute one agreement.

6.7 GOVERNING LAW. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY 
PROVIDED HEREIN, IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING ALL MATTERS OF 
CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THIS AMENDMENT AND THE 
OBLIGATIONS ARISING HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED 
AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE 
STATE OF ILLINOIS (WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES) 
APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE, AND ANY 
APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. BORROWER, EACH 
GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARY, AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY CONSENTS AND 
AGREES THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF 
COOK, CITY OF CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN 
BORROWER, ANY GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARY, AGENT AND ANY LENDER 
PERTAINING TO THIS AMENDMENT OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR 
RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT, PROVIDED, THAT AGENT, EACH LENDER, 
BORROWER AND EACH GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY 
APPEALS FROM THOSE COURTS MAY HAVE TO BE HEARD BY A COURT LOCATED 
OUTSIDE OF THE COUNTY OF COOK, CITY OF CHICAGO, ILLINOIS AND, 
PROVIDED, FURTHER, THAT NOTHING IN THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE DEEMED 
OR OPERATE TO PRECLUDE AGENT FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER 
LEGAL ACTION IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION TO REALIZE ON THE 
COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER SECURITY FOR THE OBLIGATIONS, OR TO 
ENFORCE A JUDGMENT OR OTHER COURT ORDER IN FAVOR OF AGENT OR ANY 
LENDER. BORROWER, EACH GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARY, AGENT AND EACH 
LENDER EXPRESSLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS IN ADVANCE TO SUCH 
JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH COURT, 
AND BORROWER, EACH GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARY, AGENT AND EACH LENDER 
HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH SUCH PERSON MAY HAVE BASED UPON 
LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON 
CONVENIENS AND HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR 
EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY SUCH COURT. 
BORROWER, EACH GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARY, AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY 
WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER 
PROCESS ISSUED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR SUIT AND HEREBY AGREES THAT 
SERVICE OF SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINTS AND OTHER PROCESS MAY BE MADE 
BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED, IN THE CASE OF 
BORROWER OR ANY GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARY, TO BORROWER, IN THE CASE OF 
AGENT, TO AGENT, IN THE CASE OF ANY LENDER, TO SUCH LENDER, AT 
ITS RESPECTIVE ADDRESS SET FORTH ON SCHEDULE 11.10 OF THE CREDIT 
AGREEMENT AND THAT SERVICE SO MADE SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED UPON 
THE EARLIER OF ACTUAL RECEIPT THEREOF OR THREE (3) DAYS AFTER 
DEPOSIT IN THE U.S. MAILS, PROPER POSTAGE PREPAID.

6.8 MUTUAL WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. BECAUSE DISPUTES 
ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH COMPLEX FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS ARE 
MOST QUICKLY AND ECONOMICALLY RESOLVED BY AN EXPERIENCED AND 
EXPERT PERSON AND THE PARTIES WISH APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL 
LAWS TO APPLY (RATHER THAN ARBITRATION RULES), THE PARTIES DESIRE 
THAT THEIR DISPUTES BE RESOLVED BY A JUDGE APPLYING SUCH 
APPLICABLE LAWS. THEREFORE, TO ACHIEVE THE BEST COMBINATION OF 
THE BENEFITS OF THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM AND OF ARBITRATION, THE 
PARTIES HERETO WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, 
SUIT, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER 
SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AMONG AGENT, ANY LENDER, 
BORROWER OR ANY DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARY ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED 
WITH, RELATED TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED 
AMONG THEM IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AMENDMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

* * * * 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party hereto has caused this 
Fourth Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by its proper 
and duly authorized officer as of the date first written above.

ZENITH ELECTRONICS CORPORATION,
as Borrower

By: /s/ Willard C. McNitt
---------------------------
Vice President and Treasurer

GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL 
CORPORATION,
as Agent and as Lender

By: /s/ Robert Battle
-----------------------------
Duly Authorized Signatory

THE BANK OF NEW YORK COMMERCIAL
CORPORATION, as Lender

By: _____________________________
Title: ________________________

CONGRESS FINANCIAL CORPORATION,
as Lender

By:/s/ Kevin Madigan
------------------------------ 
Title: V.P.
-----------------------------

(signature pages continue) 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND CONSENT

AS OF THE DATE FIRST WRITTEN ABOVE, EACH OF THE 
UNDERSIGNED GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND 
CONSENTS TO BE BOUND BY THE FOREGOING FOURTH AMENDMENT AND 
CONFIRMS AND AGREES THAT, AFTER GIVING EFFECT TO SUCH FOURTH 
AMENDMENT, ALL OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY ARE 
AND SHALL CONTINUE TO BE IN FULL FORCE AND AFFECT AND ARE HEREBY 
CONFIRMED AND RATIFIED IN ALL RESPECTS.

ZENITH DISTRIBUTING CORPORATION OF
ILLINOIS

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH DISTRIBUTING CORPORATION -
MIDSTATES

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH DISTRIBUTING CORPORATION OF
NEW ENGLAND

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH DISTRIBUTING CORPORATION OF
NEW YORK

By: /s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH DISTRIBUTING CORPORATION -
SOUTHEAST

By: /s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH DISTRIBUTING CORPORATION -
WEST

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

(signature pages continue) 

ZENITH DISTRIBUTING CORPORATION -
WEST

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH/INTEQ, INC.

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH ELECTRONICS CORPORATION OF
ARIZONA

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH ELECTRONICS CORPORATION OF
TEXAS

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH MICROCIRCUITS CORPORATION

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENITH VIDEO TECH CORPORATION -
FLORIDA

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary

ZENTRANS, INC.

By:/s/ David S. Levin
_____________________________
Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-20
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED 1/31/94
<TEXT>
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 

ZENITH ISSUES STOCK TO PROFIT-SHARING RETIREMENT PLAN 

GLENVIEW, Ill., Jan. 31, 1994 -- Zenith Electronics Corporation 

has issued about 1 million shares of common stock with a market 

value of approximately $8 million to Zenith's employee profit- 

sharing retirement plans, the company announced today. 

The stock contribution fulfills the 1993 profit-sharing 

obligations to eligible salaried employees and fulfills a large 

portion of the 1993 profit-sharing obligations for hourly groups. 

The number of shares issued was based on the average 

closing price of Zenith's stock on the New York Stock Exchange 

for the 20 trading days prior to issuance. 

The stock was issued to the First National Bank of 

Chicago, trustee of the Zenith Profit-Sharing Retirement Plans. 

With the 1993 stock contribution, the plans now hold about 9 per- 

cent of Zenith's outstanding shares. 

-30- 

MEDIA CONTACT: John Taylor (708) 391-8181
INVESTOR CONTACT: Bill McNitt (708) 391-7713
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>