<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000100885-94-000018.txt : 19941013
<IMS-HEADER>0000100885-94-000018.hdr.sgml : 19941013
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000100885-94-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941005
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941012
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNION PACIFIC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100885
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	4011
		IRS NUMBER:				132626465
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06075
		FILM NUMBER:		94552445

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MARTIN TOWER
		STREET 2:		EIGHTH AND EATON AVES
		CITY:			BETHLEHEM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2158613200
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K TEXT
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_____________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

____________

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 5, 1994

UNION PACIFIC CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Utah
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

1-6075 13-2626465
(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer
Identification No.)

Eighth & Eaton Avenues, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania 18018
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including
area code: (610) 861-3200

<PAGE> 2

Item 5. Other Events
- ------ ------------

On October 5, 1994, Union Pacific Corporation (the
"Corporation") proposed a merger of the Corporation and Santa Fe
Pacific Corporation ("Santa Fe") pursuant to which the stockholders
of Santa Fe would receive .344 shares of the Corporation's common
stock, valued at $18 per share, for each share of Santa Fe stock,
based on the closing price of the Corporation's common stock on
October 4, 1994. Additional information concerning the proposed
merger and related litigation filed by the Corporation in Delaware
is set forth in two press releases attached hereto as Exhibits and
incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
- ------ ---------------------------------

Exhibit
-------
20(a) Press Release, dated
October 5, 1994,
concerning a proposed
merger of Union Pacific
Corporation and Santa Fe
Pacific Corporation.

20(b) Press Release, dated
October 6, 1994,
concerning litigation
filed by Union Pacific
Corporation with respect
to its proposed merger
with Santa Fe Pacific
Corporation.

SIGNATURE
---------

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

UNION PACIFIC CORPORATION

/s/ Carl W. von Bernuth
-----------------------------------------
Carl W. von Bernuth
Senior Vice President and General Counsel

October 12, 1994

<PAGE> 3

Exhibit Index
-------------

Exhibit Description
------- -----------

20(a) Press Release, dated October 5,
1994, concerning a proposed merger
of Union Pacific Corporation and
Santa Fe Pacific Corporation.

20(b) Press Release, dated October 6,
1994, concerning litigation filed by
Union Pacific Corporation with
respect to its proposed merger with
Santa Fe Pacific Corporation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-20.(A)
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 4
EXHIBIT 20(a)
-------------

UNION PACIFIC CORP. PROPOSES COMBINATION WITH SANTA FE PACIFIC;
OFFERS $18 PER SHARE IN UNION PACIFIC SHARES
---
Combination Provides Significant Public Interest Benefits

BETHLEHEM, PA, October 5 -- Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP) today 
proposed a merger of Union Pacific and Santa Fe Pacific Corporation (NYSE: SFX).
Stockholders of Santa Fe would receive .344 shares of Union Pacific stock, 
valued at $18.00, per share of Santa Fe stock, based on the closing price
of Union Pacific stock on Tuesday, October 4, 1994.

The price, which values Santa Fe stock at approximately $3.4 billion, 
represents a 38 percent premium over the closing price of Santa Fe on
Tuesday, October 4. It also is 33 percent higher than the offer to Santa Fe 
shareholders from Burlington Northern, Inc. (NYSE: BNI) based on the recent 
trading price of Burlington stock, under the previously announced BN/Santa Fe 
merger agreement. Union Pacific's stock offer will be tax-free to Santa Fe
shareholders. 

Drew Lewis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Union Pacific, said, 
"We have a proposal that is not only good for Santa Fe shareholders, but 
will also benefit Union Pacific shareholders by ensuring we are the premier 
railroad in the United States."

Union Pacific said the proposal that Mr. Lewis delivered to Santa Fe's 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Robert D. Krebs will:

- Bring greater benefits to customers than a BN/Santa Fe combination,
- Do more to strengthen rail competition in the West, and
- Provide superior compensation to Santa Fe stockholders. 

Major Service Improvements; Much Larger Savings and Efficiencies

"This is an unprecedented opportunity for the entire rail industry to 
make a quantum leap towards a 21st century transportation system, one that will 
maximize service to customers, encourage greater competition and improve 
efficiency," said Mr. Lewis.

"There can be no doubt we must have innovative, financially strong 
companies to shape an increasingly efficient transportation system," he said. 
"While carefully thought-out mergers can create such companies, the 
combinations must be those that provide the greatest benefits, and that 
strengthen rail competition. Our careful study of the current situation
convinced us that a Union Pacific-Santa Fe combination will produce major 
service improvements that a BN/Santa Fe merger cannot, with more new 
single-line service and greater savings and efficiencies."

<PAGE> 5

Mr. Lewis said the Union Pacific-Santa Fe combination also will 
strengthen western rail competition in a way the BN/Santa Fe merger would 
not. He explained that to ensure a major enhancement of western rail 
competition, Union Pacific will agree in advance to grant conditions to 
Southern Pacific, Burlington or other railroads to maintain rail competition in
the California-Midwest corridor, in the Kansas/Oklahoma grain markets and at
locations that would otherwise go from two serving railroads to one. "We 
will work with the customers and the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) to 
ensure stronger rail competition in all affected markets," said Mr. Lewis. 
"With the dramatic increase in competitiveness that will be provided by a 
Union Pacific-Santa Fe system compared with a BN/Santa Fe system, and
reinforcement of additional railroad competition through conditions, this 
transaction is in the best interests of customers, employees, shareholders of 
both companies and the public." 

Public Interest Benefits 

Among the public interest benefits of Union Pacific's proposal are:

- Significant improvements in schedules, frequency and reliability of 
service, by combining volumes and using the best of Union Pacific 
and Santa Fe routes and facilities, reducing customer inventory 
carrying costs;

- Diversion of highway business to rail by use of common terminals, 
preferred routes and increased departure frequency in key corridors, 
giving customers significant market entry opportunities;

- Significantly increased freight car availability, and shorter 
equipment turnaround times, through joint fleet management and more 
efficient train operations. This would greatly reduce customer 
freight car capital costs;

- Major savings from facility consolidations, lower overheads, and use
of shorter routes;

- Creation of the first distribution network supporting virtually the 
entire automobile market west of the Mississippi River, all on one
railroad;

- Establish a single intermodal network linking all Eastern Gateways 
with the west and Gulf Coast ports and the growing Mexican market.

<PAGE> 6

"We have requested that Santa Fe's board consider our proposal as soon 
as possible," said Lewis. "We are prepared to start negotiation of a 
definitive agreement immediately."

Based on 1993 public figures, the combined railroads would have revenues of
approximately $7.4 billion, operating income of $1.36 billion and more than
43,000 employees. Assets would be $14.9 billion, including 26,371 route 
miles, 4,887 locomotives and 97,654 freight cars. 

On June 29, 1994, Burlington and Santa Fe entered into a merger 
agreement which calls for Burlington to merge with Santa Fe, with Burlington 
being the surviving corporation. The closing of the BN/Santa Fe merger, and
the receipt of the merger consideration by Santa Fe's shareholders, is 
subject to, among other things, ICC approval and the approval of the
shareholders of Burlington and Santa Fe. Pursuant to the merger agreement
with Burlington, Santa Fe shareholders would receive .27 shares of Burlington 
stock for each share of Santa Fe stock, for a value of $13.50 per Santa Fe 
share, based on Burlington's closing price on October 4.

Union Pacific's proposal, like Burlington's, is contingent upon ICC
approval. While ICC approval is a significant matter for either transaction, 
Union Pacific believes it can present strong arguments to the Commission on the 
transaction's benefits to customers and the rail industry.

The Union Pacific proposal is subject to termination of the merger 
agreement between Burlington and Santa Fe in accordance with the terms of that 
agreement, approval of a mutually satisfactory merger agreement by both 
Boards of Directors, and approval by shareholders of both companies.

Attached is the full text of a letter from Mr. Lewis to Mr. Krebs on the 
proposal.

<PAGE> 7

October 5, 1994

Mr. Robert D. Krebs
Chairman, President & CEO
Santa Fe Pacific Corporation
1700 E. Golf Road
Schaumburg, IL 60173

Dear Rob:

I would like to thank you for meeting with Dick and me earlier today to 
discuss a possible combination of our two companies. We have long admired 
Santa Fe and your excellent management and work force. As we discussed, we at 
Union Pacific believe that combining the strengths of Santa Fe and Union 
Pacific represents an extraordinary opportunity for our two companies, our 
respective shareholders, customers and employees, and the railroad industry.

I was disappointed by your unwillingness to consider our proposal. As I 
mentioned, we view this transaction as a strategic imperative. Accordingly, I 
am writing to submit the following proposal to combine our companies. Because 
of the very significant benefits that it would provide to your Company, 
your shareholders and other constituencies, we ask that you and your Board 
of Directors give careful consideration to our proposal.

<PAGE> 8

Mr. Robert D. Krebs
October 5, 1994
Page 2

Terms
- -----

We propose that Union Pacific acquire Santa Fe in a merger in which Santa Fe
shareholders would receive, for each of their shares, .344 of a share of 
Union Pacific common stock, having a value of $18 per Santa Fe share based on 
yesterday's closing price of Union Pacific stock.

This price represents a premium of 38% over yesterday's closing price of 
Santa Fe common stock. Our proposed price also represents a premium of 
33% over the current value of the Burlington Northern transaction, which was 
endorsed by your financial advisors as fair to your shareholders.

In addition to receiving a substantial premium, your shareholders would be
able to participate in an exceptional opportunity for growth and increased
value through their ongoing interest in what we believe would be the 
preeminent railroad company in the country.

Our proposed transaction would be tax-free to both our companies and to your
shareholders. This would allow your shareholders to defer paying tax, or 
recognizing gain or loss on their shares, until they sell their shares 
at a time of their choice.

<PAGE> 9

Mr. Robert D. Krebs
October 5, 1994
Page 3

Benefits of Transaction
- -----------------------

In addition to providing superior benefits for your shareholders, we 
believe our transaction will provide greater benefits to the shipping public 
and will do more to strengthen rail competition in the west than the 
Burlington Northern transaction. A Union Pacific-Santa Fe combination will 
produce service breakthroughs that a Burlington Northern-Santa Fe merger
cannot, including more new single-line service and greater savings and 
efficiencies. To insure that our transaction will strengthen rail competition 
in all affected markets, we are prepared to grant conditions to Southern 
Pacific, Burlington Northern or other railroads, including access to points
that would otherwise change from two serving railroads to one, rights to handle
service-sensitive business moving between California, Chicago and the Midwest,
and access to the Kansas and Oklahoma grain markets.

Continuity of Management
- ------------------------

We have great respect for your management and employees and believe they 
would make important contributions to our combined company. We envision that
certain members of the Santa Fe Board would be invited to serve on Union 
Pacific's Board. This participation would facilitate the integration and
growth of the two companies.

<PAGE> 10

Mr. Robert D. Krebs
October 5, 1994
Page 4

Process
- -------

Our Board of Directors strongly supports the proposed transaction and has
authorized management to pursue this proposal with you. We are prepared 
to immediately commence negotiation of a definitive merger agreement containing 
mutually agreeable terms and conditions.

We have conducted an extensive analysis of Santa Fe based on publicly
available information. While our proposal is necessarily subject to 
confirmation, through appropriate due diligence, that our understanding of 
Santa Fe based on publicly available information is accurate, we expect that 
such due diligence will confirm our view of Santa Fe and its prospects. We 
recognize that you will need to conduct a due diligence review of Union
Pacific and its operations, and we are ready to facilitate that process.

Our transaction, like the proposed Burlington Northern merger, is 
contingent upon ICC approval. Although this is a significant matter for either 
transaction, we believe that, working together, we can present strong 
arguments to the Commission as to the benefits of our transaction to customers 
and the industry.

Our proposal also would be subject to termination of your merger agreement 
with Burlington Northern, in accordance with the terms of that agreement,
approval of a mutually satisfactory merger agreement by our respective Boards 
of Directors, and approval of our respective shareholders.

<PAGE> 11

Mr. Robert D. Krebs
October 5, 1994
Page 5

Along with our financial advisor, CS First Boston Corporation, and our 
legal advisor, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, we look forward to 
meeting with you and your advisors to discuss our proposal and to working to 
implement this transaction. We have the opportunity to build the best 
railroad in the country and to provide significant immediate and long-term
benefits for your shareholders.

I am hopeful your Board will conclude that your shareholders should not 
be denied the opportunity to consider this offer. We at Union Pacific 
are determined to take every appropriate action to pursue this transaction. 
In view of the importance of this matter, time is of the essence and we await 
your earliest possible response.

Please call me as soon as possible so we can get together to discuss 
this matter in detail.

Sincerely,

/s/ Drew Lewis

DL/jml
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-20.(B)
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 12

EXHIBIT 20(b)
-------------

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

UNION PACIFIC FILES SUIT IN DELAWARE CHANCERY COURT
TO REQUIRE SANTA FE PACIFIC TO NEGOTIATE

Bethlehem, PA, October 6 -- Union Pacific Corporation filed suit today in the 
Court of Chancery in Delaware against Burlington Northern Corporation, Santa
Fe Pacific Corporation, and the members of the Santa Fe Board of Directors. 
Among other things, it seeks a judgment declaring that the Merger Agreement 
between Burlington Northern and Santa Fe can be terminated by Santa Fe in 
order to allow it to accept Union Pacific's superior merger proposal. It also 
requests an injunction requiring Santa Fe to negotiate with Union Pacific
regarding Union Pacific's merger proposal. Union Pacific is also seeking a 
declaratory judgment that it has not tortiously interfered with the contractual 
relations of Santa Fe and Burlington Northern.

-100694s-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>