<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950123-94-002082.txt : 19941223
<IMS-HEADER>0000950123-94-002082.hdr.sgml : 19941223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-94-002082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941222
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941222
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HUFFY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000225463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORCYCLES, BICYCLES & PARTS [3751]
		IRS NUMBER:				310326270
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05325
		FILM NUMBER:		94565940

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7701 BYERS RD
		CITY:			MIAMISBURG
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45342
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5138666251

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 1204
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45401
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>HUFFY CORPORATION 8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

================================================================================

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

----------------

FORM 8-K

Filed pursuant to Section 13, or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report: December 22, 1994

HUFFY CORPORATION
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ohio
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State of other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

1-5325 31-0326270
- ------------------------ ----------------------------------
(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

225 Byers Road, Miamisburg, Ohio 45342
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(513) 866-6251 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Registrant's Telephone Number)

================================================================================
<PAGE> 2
The undersigned registrant hereby reports the event, as set
forth below, with respect to which information is not otherwise called for by
this form, that the registrant deems of importance to security-holders.

Item 5. Other Events.

On December 9, 1994, the Board of Directors of Huffy
Corporation (the "Company") approved an amendment and restatement of the
Rights Agreement, dated as of December 16, 1988, and previously amended as of
August 23, 1991, between Huffy Corporation and Bank One, Indianapolis, National
Association (as so amended and restated, the "Amended and Restated Rights
Agreement"). The Rights Plan, as amended by the Amended and Restated Rights
Agreement (the "Amended Plan"), eliminates the qualified offer provision that
provided that the "flip-in" provision would not apply in the event a person
purchased at least 80% of the Company's common stock pursuant to a cash tender
offer for all outstanding shares.

The Amended Plan extends the expiration date of the Rights to 
December 9, 2004, ten years from the adoption of the Amended and Restated 
Rights Agreement. In addition, the Amended Plan increases the exercise price
of each Right from $45 to $60 per one one-hundredth of a share of the Company's
Series C Preferred Stock. The Amended Plan also provides for certain technical
revisions, including a reduction of the redemption price from $.02 to $.01 per
Right.

The foregoing description of the Amended Plan is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended and Restated Rights
Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 1 and is incorporated herein by
reference.

-2-
<PAGE> 3

Exhibits

1. Rights Agreement, dated as of December 16, 1988, as amended and 
restated as of December 9, 1994, between Huffy Corporation and Bank 
One, Indianapolis, National Association, as Rights Agent.

-3-
<PAGE> 4
SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this amendment to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

HUFFY CORPORATION

By: /s/ Nancy Michaud 
-------------------------------
Name: Nancy Michaud 
Title: Vice President,
General Counsel and
Secretary

Dated: December 19, 1994

-4-
<PAGE> 5

INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit Page
------- ----
<S> <C> <C>
1. Rights Agreement, dated as of December 16, 1988, 6
as amended and restated as of December 9, 1994, 
between Huffy Corporation and Bank One,
Indianapolis, National Association,
as Rights Agent.

</TABLE>

-5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

EXHIBIT 1
____________________________________________________________

HUFFY CORPORATION

and

BANK ONE, INDIANAPOLIS, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

Rights Agent

Rights Agreement

Dated as of December 16, 1988

As Amended and Restated as of December 9, 1994

____________________________________________________________
<PAGE> 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Page 
---- 
<S> <C> 
Section 1. Certain Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 

Section 3. Issue of Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 

Section 4. Form of Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11 

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and 
Exchange of Right Certificates; 
Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or 
Stolen Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 

Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; 
Expiration Date of Rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15 

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of 
Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17 

Section 9. Availability of Preferred Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18 

Section 10. Preferred Shares Record Date . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of 
Shares or Number of Rights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price 
or Number of Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer 
of Assets or Earning Power . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37

Section 15. Rights of Action . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40

Section 16. Agreement of Right Holders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41

Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a 
Stockholder . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
</TABLE> 

-i-
<PAGE> 3
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Page 
---- 
<S> <C> 
Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42 

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of 
Name of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43 

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45 

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49 

Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51 

Section 23. Redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51 

Section 24. Exchange . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53 

Section 25. Notice of Certain Events . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55 

Section 26. Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57 

Section 27. Supplements and Amendments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58 

Section 28. Successors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59 

Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 

Section 30. Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 

Section 31. Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 

Section 32. Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 

Section 33. Descriptive Headings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61 

Signatures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61 
</TABLE> 

Exhibit A - Form of Certificate of Designations

Exhibit B - Form of Right Certificate

Exhibit C - Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
Shares

-ii-
<PAGE> 4
AMENDED AND RESTATED RIGHTS AGREEMENT

Agreement, dated as of December 16, 1988, as amended as of
August 23, 1991, and as amended and restated as of December 9, 1994 between
Huffy Corporation, an Ohio corporation (the "Company"), and Bank One,
Indianapolis, National Association (the "Rights Agent").

The Board of Directors of the Company has authorized and
declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a "Right") for each
Common Share (as hereinafter defined) of the Company outstanding on January 13,
1989 (the "Record Date"), each Right representing the right to purchase one
one-hundredth of a Preferred Share (as hereinafter defined), upon the terms and
subject to the conditions herein set forth, and has further authorized and
directed the issuance of one Right with respect to each Common Share that shall
become outstanding between the Record Date and the earliest of the Distribution
Date, the Redemption Date and the Final Expiration Date (as such terms are
hereinafter defined).

The Board wishes to amend and restate the terms of this
Agreement and amend the terms of the Rights outstanding as of December 9, 1994,
so that, subject to the adjustment provisions contained in this Agreement, the
terms of each Right outstanding prior to such amendment shall thereafter be

<PAGE> 5
amended to represent a Right having the terms herein set forth, and there shall
be issued one Right with respect to each Common Share outstanding as of
December 9, 1994, and each Common Share that shall become outstanding between
December 9, 1994 and the earliest of the Distribution Date, Redemption Date and
the Final Expiration Date (as such terms are hereinafter defined).

Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Section 1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:

(a) "Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person (as such term is
hereinafter defined) who or which, together with all Affiliates and Associates
(as such terms are hereinafter defined) of such Person, shall be the Beneficial
Owner (as such term is hereinafter defined) of 15% or more of the Common Shares
of the Company then outstanding, but shall not include the Company, any
Subsidiary (as such term is hereinafter defined) of the Company, any employee
benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any entity
holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person shall become an "Acquiring Person" as
the result of an acquisition

-2-
<PAGE> 6
of Common Shares by the Company which, by reducing the number of shares
outstanding, increases the proportionate number of shares beneficially owned by
such Person to 15% or more of the Common Shares of the Company then
outstanding; provided, however, that if a Person shall become the Beneficial
Owner of 15% or more of the Common Shares of the Company then outstanding by
reason of share purchases by the Company and shall, after such share purchases
by the Company, become the Beneficial Owner of any additional Common Shares of
the Company, then such Person shall be deemed to be an "Acquiring Person".
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Board of Directors of the Company
determines in good faith that a Person who would otherwise be an "Acquiring
Person", as defined pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (a),
has become such inadvertently, and such Person divests as promptly as
practicable a sufficient number of Common Shares so that such Person would no
longer be an "Acquiring Person," as defined pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of this paragraph (a), then such Person shall not be deemed to be an
"Acquiring Person" for any purposes of this Agreement.

(b) "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective
meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), as in effect on the date of this Agreement.

-3-
<PAGE> 7
(c) A Person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of and
shall be deemed to "beneficially own" any securities:

(i) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates
or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly;

(ii) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates
or Associates has (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is
exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to
any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary
agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members
with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities), or upon
the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights (other than
these Rights), warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however,
that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to
beneficially own, securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange
offer made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Person's
Affiliates or Associates until such tendered securities are accepted
for purchase or exchange; or (B) the right to vote pursuant to any
agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however, that a
Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially

-4-
<PAGE> 8
own, any security if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to
vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent
given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent
solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable
rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) is
not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or
any comparable or successor report); or

(iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly,
by any other Person with which such Person or any of such Person's
Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or
understanding (other than customary agreements with and between
underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide
public offering of securities) for the purpose of acquiring, holding,
voting (except to the extent contemplated by the proviso to Section
1(c)(ii)(B)) or disposing of any securities of the Company.

Notwithstanding anything in this definition of Beneficial
Ownership to the contrary, the phrase "then outstanding," when used with
reference to a Person's Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Company,
shall mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together
with the number of such securities not then actually issued and

-5-
<PAGE> 9
outstanding which such Person would be deemed to own beneficially hereunder.

(d) "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a
Sunday, or a day on which banking institutions in Indianapolis are authorized
or obligated by law or executive order to close.

(e) "Close of business" on any given date shall mean 5:00
P.M., Indianapolis time, on such date; provided, however, that if such date is
not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., Indianapolis time, on the next
succeeding Business Day.

(f) "Common Shares" when used with reference to the Company
shall mean the shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the
Company. "Common Shares" when used with reference to any Person other than the
Company shall mean the capital stock (or equity interest) with the greatest
voting power of such other Person or, if such other Person is a Subsidiary of
another Person, the Person or Persons which ultimately control such
first-mentioned Person.

(g) "Distribution Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3 hereof.

(h) "Final Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 7 hereof.

-6-
<PAGE> 10
(i) "Person" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation or
other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such
entity.

(j) "Preferred Shares" shall mean shares of Series C
Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company having
the rights and preferences set forth in the Form of Certificate of Amended
Articles of Incorporation attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A.

(k) "Redemption Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7 hereof.

(l) "Shares Acquisition Date" shall mean the first date of
public announcement by the Company or an Acquiring Person that an Acquiring
Person has become such.

(m) "Subsidiary" of any Person shall mean any corporation or
other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity
securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person.

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby
appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company and the holders of
the Rights (who, in accordance with Section 3 hereof, shall prior to the
Distribution Date also be the holders of the Common Shares) in accordance with
the terms and conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such
appointment. The Company may from time to time

-7-
<PAGE> 11
appoint such co-Rights Agents as it may deem necessary or desirable.

Section 3. Issue of Right Certificates. (a) Until the earlier
of (i) the tenth day after the Shares Acquisition Date or (ii) the tenth
business day (or such later date as may be determined by action of the Board of
Directors prior to such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person) after
the date of the commencement by any Person (other than the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or of any
Subsidiary of the Company or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant
to the terms of any such plan) of, or of the first public announcement of the
intention of any Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company,
any employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company or
any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan)
to commence, a tender or exchange offer the consummation of which would result
in any Person becoming the Beneficial Owner of Common Shares aggregating 15% or
more of the then outstanding Common Shares (including any such date which is
after the date of this Agreement and prior to the issuance of the Rights; the
earlier of such dates being herein referred to as the "Distribution Date"), (x)
the Rights will be evidenced (subject to the provisions of Section 3(b) hereof)
by the certificates for Common Shares

-8-
<PAGE> 12
registered in the names of the holders thereof (which certificates shall also
be deemed to be Right Certificates) and not by separate Right Certificates, and
(y) the right to receive Right Certificates will be transferable only in
connection with the transfer of Common Shares. As soon as practicable after the
Distribution Date, the Company will prepare and execute, the Rights Agent will
countersign, and the Company will send or cause to be sent (and the Rights
Agent will, if requested, send) by first-class, insured, postage-prepaid mail,
to each record holder of Common Shares as of the close of business on the
Distribution Date, at the address of such holder shown on the records of the
Company, a Right Certificate, in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto (a
"Right Certificate"), evidencing one Right for each Common Share so held. As of
the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced solely by such Right
Certificates.

(b) On the Record Date, or as soon as practicable thereafter,
the Company will send a copy of a Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred
Shares, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (the "Summary of
Rights"), by first-class, postage-prepaid mail, to each record holder of Common
Shares as of the close of business on the Record Date, at the address of such
holder shown on the records of the Company. With respect to certificates for
Common Shares outstanding as of the Record Date, until the Distribution Date,
the Rights will be evidenced by such certificates

-9-
<PAGE> 13
registered in the names of the holders thereof together with a copy of the
Summary of Rights attached thereto. Until the Distribution Date (or the earlier
of the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration Date), the surrender for
transfer of any certificate for Common Shares outstanding on the Record Date,
with or without a copy of the Summary of Rights attached thereto, shall also
constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares
represented thereby.

(c) Certificates for Common Shares which become outstanding
(including, without limitation, reacquired Common Shares referred to in the
last sentence of this paragraph (c)) after the Record Date but prior to the
earliest of the Distribution Date, the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration
Date shall have impressed on, printed on, written on or otherwise affixed to
them the following legend:

This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to
certain rights as set forth in an Amended and Restated Rights 
Agreement between Huffy Corporation and Bank One, Indianapolis, 
National Association, dated as of December 16, 1988, as amended as of
August 23, 1991, and as amended and restated as of December 9, 1994 
(the "Rights Agreement"), the terms of which are hereby incorporated 
herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the principal 
executive offices of Huffy Corporation. Under certain circumstances, 
as set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will be evidenced 
by separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this 
certificate. Huffy Corporation will mail to the holder of this
certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement without charge after
receipt of a written request therefor. As described in the Rights
Agreement, Rights issued to any Person who becomes an Acquiring Person
(as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall become null and void.

-10-
<PAGE> 14
With respect to such certificates containing the foregoing legend, until the
Distribution Date, the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented by
such certificates shall be evidenced by such certificates alone, and the
surrender for transfer of any such certificate shall also constitute the
transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented thereby. 
In the event that the Company purchases or acquires any Common Shares after the
Record Date but prior to the Distribution Date, any Rights associated with such
Common Shares shall be deemed cancelled and retired so that the Company shall
not be entitled to exercise any Rights associated with the Common Shares which
are no longer outstanding.

Section 4. Form of Right Certificates. The Right Certificates
(and the forms of election to purchase Preferred Shares and of assignment to be
printed on the reverse thereof) shall be substantially the same as Exhibit B
hereto and may have such marks of identification or designation and such
legends, summaries or endorsements printed thereon as the Company may deem
appropriate and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement,
or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or with any rule or
regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any stock
exchange on which the Rights may from time to time be listed, or to conform to
usage. Subject to the provisions of Section 22 hereof, the Right Certificates
shall

-11-
<PAGE> 15
entitle the holders thereof to purchase such number of one one-hundredths of a
Preferred Share as shall be set forth therein at the price per one
one-hundredth of a Preferred Share set forth therein (the "Purchase Price"),
but the number of such one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share and the Purchase
Price shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein.

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration. The Right
Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the
Board, its Chief Executive Officer, its President, any of its Vice Presidents,
or its Treasurer, either manually or by facsimile signature, shall have affixed
thereto the Company's seal or a facsimile thereof, and shall be attested by the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, either manually or by
facsimile signature. The Right Certificates shall be manually countersigned by
the Rights Agent and shall not be valid for any purpose unless countersigned.
In case any officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Right
Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the Company before
countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company,
such Right Certificates, nevertheless, may be countersigned by the Rights Agent
and issued and delivered by the Company with the same force and effect as
though the person who signed such Right Certificates had not ceased to be such
officer of the Company; and any Right Certificate may be signed on behalf of

-12-
<PAGE> 16
the Company by any person who, at the actual date of the execution of such
Right Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Right
Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Rights Agreement any
such person was not such an officer.

Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep or
cause to be kept, at its principal office, books for registration and transfer
of the Right Certificates issued hereunder. Such books shall show the names and
addresses of the respective holders of the Right Certificates, the number of
Rights evidenced on its face by each of the Right Certificates and the date of
each of the Right Certificates.

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of
Right Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right Certificates.
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, at any time after the close of
business on the Distribution Date, and at or prior to the close of business on
the earlier of the Redemption Date or the Final Expiration Date, any Right
Certificate or Right Certificates (other than Right Certificates representing
Rights that have become void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof or that have
been exchanged pursuant to Section 24 hereof) may be transferred, split up,
combined or exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates,
entitling the registered

-13-
<PAGE> 17
holder to purchase a like number of one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share as
the Right Certificate or Right Certificates surrendered then entitled such
holder to purchase. Any registered holder desiring to transfer, split up,
combine or exchange any Right Certificate or Right Certificates shall make such
request in writing delivered to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Right
Certificate or Right Certificates to be transferred, split up, combined or
exchanged at the principal office of the Rights Agent. Thereupon the Rights
Agent shall countersign and deliver to the person entitled thereto a Right
Certificate or Right Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The
Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or
governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, split
up, combination or exchange of Right Certificates.

Upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of a Right Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of
indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to them, and, at the Company's
request, reimbursement to the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable
expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and
cancellation of the Right Certificate if mutilated, the Company will make and
deliver a new Right Certificate of like tenor to the Rights Agent for

-14-
<PAGE> 18
delivery to the registered holder in lieu of the Right Certificate so lost,
stolen, destroyed or mutilated.

Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date
of Rights. (a) The registered holder of any Right Certificate may exercise the
Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise provided herein) in whole or in
part at any time after the Distribution Date upon surrender of the Right
Certificate, with the form of election to purchase on the reverse side thereof
duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the principal office of the Rights Agent,
together with payment of the Purchase Price for each one one-hundredth of a
Preferred Share as to which the Rights are exercised, at or prior to the
earliest of (i) the close of business on December 9, 2004 (the "Final
Expiration Date"), (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed as provided
in Section 23 hereof (the "Redemption Date"), or (iii) the time at which such
Rights are exchanged as provided in Section 24 hereof.

(b) The Purchase Price for each one one-hundredth of a
Preferred Share purchasable pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall be $60 as
of December 9, 1994, and shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as
provided in Section 11 or 13 hereof and shall be payable in lawful money of the
United States of America in accordance with paragraph (c) below.

-15-
<PAGE> 19
(c) Upon receipt of a Right Certificate representing
exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase duly executed,
accompanied by payment of the Purchase Price for the shares to be purchased and
an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax required to be paid by the
holder of such Right Certificate in accordance with Section 9 hereof by
certified check, cashier's check or money order payable to the order of the
Company, the Rights Agent shall thereupon promptly (i) (A) requisition from any
transfer agent of the Preferred Shares certificates for the number of Preferred
Shares to be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its
transfer agent to comply with all such requests, or (B) requisition from the
depositary agent depositary receipts representing such number of one
one-hundredths of a Preferred Share as are to be purchased (in which case
certificates for the Preferred Shares represented by such receipts shall be
deposited by the transfer agent with the depositary agent) and the Company
hereby directs the depositary agent to comply with such request, (ii) when
appropriate, requisition from the Company the amount of cash to be paid in lieu
of issuance of fractional shares in accordance with Section 14 hereof, (iii)
after receipt of such certificates or depositary receipts, cause the same to be
delivered to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Right
Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such
holder and

-16-
<PAGE> 20
(iv) when appropriate, after receipt, deliver such cash to or upon the order of
the registered holder of such Right Certificate.

(d) In case the registered holder of any Right Certificate
shall exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Right
Certificate evidencing Rights equivalent to the Rights remaining unexercised
shall be issued by the Rights Agent to the registered holder of such Right
Certificate or to his duly authorized assigns, subject to the provisions of
Section 14 hereof.

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Right
Certificates. All Right Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise,
transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the
Company or to any of its agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for
cancellation or in cancelled form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent,
shall be cancelled by it, and no Right Certificates shall be issued in lieu
thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Rights
Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and
retirement, and the Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Right
Certificate purchased or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the
exercise thereof. The Rights Agent shall deliver all cancelled Right
Certificates to the Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company,

-17-
<PAGE> 21
destroy such cancelled Right Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a
certificate of destruction thereof to the Company.

Section 9. Availability of Preferred Shares. The Company
covenants and agrees that it will cause to be reserved and kept available out
of its authorized and unissued Preferred Shares or any Preferred Shares held in
its treasury, the number of Preferred Shares that will be sufficient to permit
the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights in accordance with Section 7.
The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such action as may be
necessary to ensure that all Preferred Shares delivered upon exercise of Rights
shall, at the time of delivery of the certificates for such Preferred Shares
(subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be duly and validly authorized and
issued and fully paid and nonassessable shares.

The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when
due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges which
may be payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Right Certificates
or of any Preferred Shares upon the exercise of Rights. The Company shall not,
however, be required to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer or delivery of Right Certificates to a person other than, or the
issuance or delivery of certificates or depositary receipts for the

-18-
<PAGE> 22
Preferred Shares in a name other than that of, the registered holder of the
Right Certificate evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or to
deliver any certificates or depositary receipts for Preferred Shares upon the
exercise of any Rights until any such tax shall have been paid (any such tax
being payable by the holder of such Right Certificate at the time of surrender)
or until it has been established to the Company's reasonable satisfaction that
no such tax is due.

Section 10. Preferred Shares Record Date. Each person in
whose name any certificate for Preferred Shares is issued upon the exercise of
Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of
the Preferred Shares represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be
dated, the date upon which the Right Certificate evidencing such Rights was
duly surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price (and any applicable transfer
taxes) was made; provided, however, that if the date of such surrender and
payment is a date upon which the Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company
are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of
such shares on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding
Business Day on which the Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company are
open. Prior to the exercise of the Rights evidenced thereby, the holder of a
Right Certificate shall not be entitled to any rights of a holder of Preferred
Shares for which the

-19-
<PAGE> 23
Rights shall be exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to vote,
to receive dividends or other distributions or to exercise any preemptive
rights, and shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of
the Company, except as provided herein.

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of Shares or
Number of Rights. The Purchase Price, the number of Preferred Shares covered by
each Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment from
time to time as provided in this Section 11.

(a) (i) In the event the Company shall at any time
after the date of the amendment and restatement of this Agreement (A) declare a
dividend on the Preferred Shares payable in Preferred Shares, (B) subdivide the
outstanding Preferred Shares, (C) combine the outstanding Preferred Shares into
a smaller number of Preferred Shares or (D) issue any shares of its capital
stock in a reclassification of the Preferred Shares (including any such
reclassification in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the
Company is the continuing or surviving corporation), except as otherwise
provided in this Section 11(a), the Purchase Price in effect at the time of the
record date for such dividend or of the effective date of such subdivision,
combination or reclassification, and the number and kind of shares of capital
stock issuable on such date, shall be

-20-
<PAGE> 24
proportionately adjusted so that the holder of any Right exercised after such
time shall be entitled to receive the aggregate number and kind of shares of
capital stock which, if such Right had been exercised immediately prior to such
date and at a time when the Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company were
open, he would have owned upon such exercise and been entitled to receive by
virtue of such dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification;
provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the
exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of
capital stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of one Right.

(ii) Subject to Section 24 of this Agreement, in the event
any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right shall thereafter
have a right to receive, upon exercise thereof at a price equal to the then
current Purchase Price multiplied by the number of one one-hundredths of a
Preferred Share for which a Right is then exercisable, in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and in lieu of Preferred Shares, such number of Common
Shares of the Company as shall equal the result obtained by (x) multiplying the
then current Purchase Price by the number of one one-hundredths of a Preferred
Share for which a Right is then exercisable and dividing that product by (y)
50% of the then current per share market price of the Company's Common Shares
(determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) on the date of

-21-
<PAGE> 25
the occurrence of such event. In the event that any Person shall become an
Acquiring Person and the Rights shall then be outstanding, the Company shall
not take any action which would eliminate or diminish the benefits intended to
be afforded by the Rights.

From and after the occurrence of such event, any Rights that
are or were acquired or beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person (or any
Associate or Affiliate of such Acquiring Person) shall be void and any holder
of such Rights shall thereafter have no right to exercise such Rights under any
provision of this Agreement. No Right Certificate shall be issued pursuant to
Section 3 that represents Rights beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person
whose Rights would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence or any Associate
or Affiliate thereof; no Right Certificate shall be issued at any time upon the
transfer of any Rights to an Acquiring Person whose Rights would be void
pursuant to the preceding sentence or any Associate or Affiliate thereof or to
any nominee of such Acquiring Person, Associate or Affiliate; and any Right
Certificate delivered to the Rights Agent for transfer to an Acquiring Person
whose Rights would be void pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be
cancelled.

(iii) In the event that there shall not be sufficient
Common Shares issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit
the exercise in full of the

-22-
<PAGE> 26
Rights in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii), the Company shall
take all such action as may be necessary to authorize additional Common Shares
for issuance upon exercise of the Rights. In the event the Company shall, after
good faith effort, be unable to take all such action as may be necessary to
authorize such additional Common Shares, the Company shall substitute, for each
Common Share that would otherwise be issuable upon exercise of a Right, a
number of Preferred Shares or fraction thereof such that the current per share
market price of one Preferred Share multiplied by such number or fraction is
equal to the current per share market price of one Common Share as of the date
of issuance of such Preferred Shares or fraction thereof.

(b) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the
issuance of rights, options or warrants to all holders of Preferred Shares
entitling them (for a period expiring within 45 calendar days after such record
date) to subscribe for or purchase Preferred Shares (or shares having the same
rights, privileges and preferences as the Preferred Shares ("equivalent
preferred shares")) or securities convertible into Preferred Shares or
equivalent preferred shares at a price per Preferred Share or equivalent
preferred share (or having a conversion price per share, if a security
convertible into Preferred Shares or equivalent preferred shares) less than the
then current per share market price of the Preferred Shares (as defined in
Section 11(d)) on such record

-23-
<PAGE> 27
date, the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be
determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to
such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of
Preferred Shares outstanding on such record date plus the number of Preferred
Shares which the aggregate offering price of the total number of Preferred
Shares and/or equivalent preferred shares so to be offered (and/or the
aggregate initial conversion price of the convertible securities so to be
offered) would purchase at such current market price and the denominator of
which shall be the number of Preferred Shares outstanding on such record date
plus the number of additional Preferred Shares and/or equivalent preferred
shares to be offered for subscription or purchase (or into which the
convertible securities so to be offered are initially convertible); provided,
however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise
of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of capital
stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of one Right. In case such
subscription price may be paid in a consideration part or all of which shall be
in a form other than cash, the value of such consideration shall be as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose
determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent.
Preferred Shares owned by or held for the account of the Company shall not be
deemed outstanding for

-24-
<PAGE> 28
the purpose of any such computation. Such adjustment shall be made successively
whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the event that such rights,
options or warrants are not so issued, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to
be the Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such record date had not
been fixed.

(c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the making
of a distribution to all holders of the Preferred Shares (including any such
distribution made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the
Company is the continuing or surviving corporation) of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend or a
dividend payable in Preferred Shares) or subscription rights or warrants
(excluding those referred to in Section 11(b) hereof), the Purchase Price to be
in effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the
Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction,
the numerator of which shall be the then current per share market price of the
Preferred Shares on such record date, less the fair market value (as determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination
shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent) of the portion
of the assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be distributed or of such
subscription rights or warrants applicable to one Preferred Share and the
denominator of which shall be such current per share market

-25-
<PAGE> 29
price of the Preferred Shares; provided, however, that in no event shall the
consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the
aggregate par value of the shares of capital stock of the Company to be issued
upon exercise of one Right. Such adjustments shall be made successively
whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the event that such distribution
is not so made, the Purchase Price shall again be adjusted to be the Purchase
Price which would then be in effect if such record date had not been fixed.

(d) (i) For the purpose of any computation hereunder,
the "current per share market price" of any security (a "Security" for the
purpose of this Section 11(d)(i)) on any date shall be deemed to be the average
of the daily closing prices per share of such Security for the 30 consecutive
Trading Days (as such term is hereinafter defined) immediately prior to such
date; provided, however, that in the event that the current per share market
price of the Security is determined during a period following the announcement
by the issuer of such Security of (A) a dividend or distribution on such
Security payable in shares of such Security or securities convertible into such
shares, or (B) any subdivision, combination or reclassification of such
Security and prior to the expiration of 30 Trading Days after the ex-dividend
date for such dividend or distribution, or the record date for such
subdivision, combination or reclassification, then, and in each such case, the
current per

-26-
<PAGE> 30
share market price shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the current
market price per share equivalent of such Security. The closing price for each
day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes
place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular
way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction
reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on
the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to
trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the principal
consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on
the principal national securities exchange on which the Security is listed or
admitted to trading or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to trading on
any national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted,
the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter
market, as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
Automated Quotations System ("NASDAQ") or such other system then in use, or, if
on any such date the Security is not quoted by any such organization, the
average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional
market maker making a market in the Security selected by the Board of Directors
of the Company. The term "Trading Day" shall mean a day on which the principal
national securities exchange on which the Security is listed or admitted to
trading

-27-
<PAGE> 31
is open for the transaction of business or, if the Security is not listed or
admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, a Business Day.

(ii) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the
"current per share market price" of the Preferred Shares shall be determined in
accordance with the method set forth in Section 11(d)(i). If the Preferred
Shares are not publicly traded, the "current per share market price" of the
Preferred Shares shall be conclusively deemed to be the current per share
market price of the Common Shares as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i)
(appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar
transaction occurring after the date hereof), multiplied by one hundred. If
neither the Common Shares nor the Preferred Shares are publicly held or so
listed or traded, "current per share market price" shall mean the fair value
per share as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company,
whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights
Agent.

(e) No adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be
required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at
least 1% in the Purchase Price; provided, however, that any adjustments which
by reason of this Section 11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried
forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All

-28-
<PAGE> 32
calculations under this Section 11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the
nearest one one-millionth of a Preferred Share or one ten-thousandth of any
other share or security as the case may be. Notwithstanding the first sentence
of this Section 11(e), any adjustment required by this Section 11 shall be made
no later than the earlier of (i) three years from the date of the transaction
which requires such adjustment or (ii) the date of the expiration of the right
to exercise any Rights.

(f) If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to
Section 11(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall become
entitled to receive any shares of capital stock of the Company other than
Preferred Shares, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon
exercise of any Right shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a
manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with
respect to the Preferred Shares contained in Section 11(a) through (c),
inclusive, and the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10 and 13 with respect to the
Preferred Shares shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.

(g) All Rights originally issued by the Company
subsequent to any adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall
evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of
one one-hundredths of a

-29-
<PAGE> 33
Preferred Share purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the
Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

(h) Unless the Company shall have exercised its election
as provided in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a
result of the calculations made in Sections 11(b) and (c), each Right
outstanding immediately prior to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter
evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, that number of
one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share (calculated to the nearest one
one-millionth of a Preferred Share) obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the number
of one one-hundredths of a share covered by a Right immediately prior to this
adjustment by (y) the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such
adjustment of the Purchase Price and (ii) dividing the product so obtained by
the Purchase Price in effect immediately after such adjustment of the Purchase
Price.

(i) The Company may elect on or after the date of any
adjustment of the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in
substitution for any adjustment in the number of one one-hundredths of a
Preferred Share purchasable upon the exercise of a Right. Each of the Rights
outstanding after such adjustment of the number of Rights shall be exercisable
for the number of one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share for

-30-
<PAGE> 34
which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to such adjustment. Each Right
held of record prior to such adjustment of the number of Rights shall become
that number of Rights (calculated to the nearest one ten-thousandth) obtained
by dividing the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to adjustment of the
Purchase Price by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of
the Purchase Price. The Company shall make a public announcement of its
election to adjust the number of Rights, indicating the record date for the
adjustment, and, if known at the time, the amount of the adjustment to be made.
This record date may be the date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any
day thereafter, but, if the Right Certificates have been issued, shall be at
least 10 days later than the date of the public announcement. If Right
Certificates have been issued, upon each adjustment of the number of Rights
pursuant to this Section 11(i), the Company shall, as promptly as practicable,
cause to be distributed to holders of record of Right Certificates on such
record date Right Certificates evidencing, subject to Section 14 hereof, the
additional Rights to which such holders shall be entitled as a result of such
adjustment, or, at the option of the Company, shall cause to be distributed to
such holders of record in substitution and replacement for the Right
Certificates held by such holders prior to the date of adjustment, and upon
surrender thereof, if required by the Company, new Right Certificates
evidencing

-31-
<PAGE> 35
all the Rights to which such holders shall be entitled after such adjustment.
Right Certificates so to be distributed shall be issued, executed and
countersigned in the manner provided for herein and shall be registered in the
names of the holders of record of Right Certificates on the record date
specified in the public announcement.

(j) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the
Purchase Price or the number of one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share
issuable upon the exercise of the Rights, the Right Certificates theretofore
and thereafter issued may continue to express the Purchase Price and the number
of one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share which were expressed in the initial
Right Certificates issued hereunder.

(k) Before taking any action that would cause an
adjustment reducing the Purchase Price below one one-hundredth of the then par
value, if any, of the Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights,
the Company shall take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its
counsel, be necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue
fully paid and nonassessable Preferred Shares at such adjusted Purchase Price.

(l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require
that an adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date
for a specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of
such event

-32-
<PAGE> 36
the issuing to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date of the
Preferred Shares and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any,
issuable upon such exercise over and above the Preferred Shares and other
capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise
on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior to such adjustment;
provided, however, that the Company shall deliver to such holder a due bill or
other appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's right to receive such
additional shares upon the occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

(m) Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Company shall be entitled to make such reductions in the
Purchase Price, in addition to those adjustments expressly required by this
Section 11, as and to the extent that it in its sole discretion shall determine
to be advisable in order that any consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred
Shares, issuance wholly for cash of any Preferred Shares at less than the
current market price, issuance wholly for cash of Preferred Shares or
securities which by their terms are convertible into or exchangeable for
Preferred Shares, dividends on Preferred Shares payable in Preferred Shares or
issuance of rights, options or warrants referred to hereinabove in Section
11(b), hereafter made by the Company to holders of its Preferred Shares shall
not be taxable to such stockholders.

-33-
<PAGE> 37
(n) In the event that at any time after the date of the
amendment and restatement of this Agreement and prior to the Distribution Date,
the Company shall (i) declare or pay any dividend on the Common Shares payable
in Common Shares or (ii) effect a subdivision, combination or consolidation of
the Common Shares (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of
dividends in Common Shares) into a greater or lesser number of Common Shares,
then in any such case (A) the number of one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share
purchasable after such event upon proper exercise of each Right shall be
determined by multiplying the number of one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share
so purchasable immediately prior to such event by a fraction, the numerator of
which is the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately before such event
and the denominator of which is the number of Common Shares outstanding
immediately after such event, and (B) each Common Share outstanding immediately
after such event shall have issued with respect to it that number of Rights
which each Common Share outstanding immediately prior to such event had issued
with respect to it. The adjustments provided for in this Section 11(n) shall be
made successively whenever such a dividend is declared or paid or such a
subdivision, combination or consolidation is effected.

-34-
<PAGE> 38
Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number
of Shares. Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 or 13
hereof, the Company shall promptly (a) prepare a certificate setting forth such
adjustment, and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment,
(b) file with the Rights Agent and with each transfer agent for the Common
Shares or the Preferred Shares a copy of such certificate and (c) mail a brief
summary thereof to each holder of a Right Certificate in accordance with
Section 25 hereof.

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of
Assets or Earning Power. In the event, directly or indirectly, at any time
after a Person has become an Acquiring Person, (a) the Company shall consolidate
with, or merge with and into, any other Person, (b) any Person shall consolidate
with the Company, or merge with and into the Company and the Company shall be
the continuing or surviving corporation of such merger and, in connection with
such merger, all or part of the Common Shares shall be changed into or
exchanged for stock or other securities of any other Person (or the Company) or
cash or any other property, or (c) the Company shall sell or otherwise transfer
(or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise transfer), in one
or more transactions, assets or earning power aggregating 50% or more of the
assets or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole)
to any other Person other 

-35-
<PAGE> 39
than the Company or one or more of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, then, and in
each such case, proper provision shall be made so that (i) each holder of a
Right (except as otherwise provided herein) shall thereafter have the right to
receive, upon the exercise thereof at a price equal to the then current
Purchase Price multiplied by the number of one one-hundredths of a Preferred
Share for which a Right is then exercisable, in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement and in lieu of Preferred Shares, such number of Common Shares of
such other Person (including the Company as successor thereto or as the
surviving corporation) as shall equal the result obtained by (A) multiplying
the then current Purchase Price by the number of one one-hundredths of a
Preferred Share for which a Right is then exercisable and dividing that product
by (B) 50% of the then current per share market price of the Common Shares of
such other Person (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) on the date of
consummation of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer; (ii) the issuer
of such Common Shares shall thereafter be liable for, and shall assume, by
virtue of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer, all the obligations and
duties of the Company pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) the term "Company"
shall thereafter be deemed to refer to such issuer; and (iv) such issuer shall
take such steps (including, but not limited to, the reservation of a sufficient
number of its Common Shares in accordance with Section 9 hereof) in connection
with such

-36-
<PAGE> 40
consummation as may be necessary to assure that the provisions hereof shall
thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to the
Common Shares thereafter deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights. The
Company shall not consummate any such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer
unless prior thereto the Company and such issuer shall have executed and
delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement so providing. The
Company shall not enter into any transaction of the kind referred to in this
Section 13 if at the time of such transaction there are any rights, warrants,
instruments or securities outstanding or any agreements or arrangements which,
as a result of the consummation of such transaction, would eliminate or
substantially diminish the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights. The
provisions of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive mergers or
consolidations or sales or other transfers.

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares. (a) The
Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Rights or to distribute
Right Certificates which evidence fractional Rights. In lieu of such fractional
Rights, there shall be paid to the registered holders of the Right Certificates
with regard to which such fractional Rights would otherwise be issuable, an
amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a
whole Right. For the purposes of this Section 14(a), the current

-37-
<PAGE> 41
market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the Rights for the
Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such fractional Rights would
have been otherwise issuable. The closing price for any day shall be the last
sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the
average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as
reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with
respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock
Exchange or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on the New
York Stock Exchange, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction
reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national
securities exchange on which the Rights are listed or admitted to trading or,
if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities
exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high
bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by NASDAQ
or such other system then in use or, if on any such date the Rights are not
quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked
prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the
Rights selected by the Board of Directors of the Company. If on any such date
no such market maker is making a market in the

-38-
<PAGE> 42
Rights, the fair value of the Rights on such date as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors of the Company shall be used.

(b) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions
of Preferred Shares (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one
one-hundredth of a Preferred Share) upon exercise of the Rights or to
distribute certificates which evidence fractional Preferred Shares (other than
fractions which are integral multiples of one one-hundredth of a Preferred
Share). Fractions of Preferred Shares in integral multiples of one
one-hundredth of a Preferred Share may, at the election of the Company, be
evidenced by depositary receipts, pursuant to an appropriate agreement between
the Company and a depositary selected by it; provided, that such agreement
shall provide that the holders of such depositary receipts shall have all the
rights, privileges and preferences to which they are entitled as beneficial
owners of the Preferred Shares represented by such depositary receipts. In lieu
of fractional Preferred Shares that are not integral multiples of one
one-hundredth of a Preferred Share, the Company shall pay to the registered
holders of Right Certificates at the time such Rights are exercised as herein
provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market
value of one Preferred Share. For the purposes of this Section 14(b), the
current market value of a Preferred Share shall be the closing price of a
Preferred

-39-
<PAGE> 43
Share (as determined pursuant to the second sentence of Section 11(d)(i)
hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise.

(c) The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the Right
expressly waives his right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional
shares upon exercise of a Right (except as provided above).

Section 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in respect
of this Agreement, excepting the rights of action given to the Rights Agent
under Section 18 hereof, are vested in the respective registered holders of the
Right Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders
of the Common Shares); and any registered holder of any Right Certificate (or,
prior to the Distribution Date, of the Common Shares), without the consent of
the Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Right Certificate (or, prior to
the Distribution Date, of the Common Shares), may, in his own behalf and for
his own benefit, enforce, and may institute and maintain any suit, action or
proceeding against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, his
right to exercise the Rights evidenced by such Right Certificate in the manner
provided in such Right Certificate and in this Agreement. Without limiting the
foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is
specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have

-40-
<PAGE> 44
an adequate remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement and will be entitled
to specific performance of the obligations under, and injunctive relief against
actual or threatened violations of the obligations of any Person subject to,
this Agreement.

Section 16. Agreement of Right Holders. Every holder of a
Right, by accepting the same, consents and agrees with the Company and the
Rights Agent and with every other holder of a Right that:

(a) prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be
transferable only in connection with the transfer of the Common Shares;

(b) after the Distribution Date, the Right Certificates
are transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered
at the principal office of the Rights Agent, duly endorsed or accompanied by a
proper instrument of transfer; and

(c) the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat
the person in whose name the Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution
Date, the associated Common Shares certificate) is registered as the absolute
owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any
notations of ownership or writing on the Right Certificates or the associated
Common Shares certificate made by anyone other

-41-
<PAGE> 45
than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and neither
the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the
contrary.

Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder.
No holder, as such, of any Right Certificate shall be entitled to vote, receive
dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the Preferred Shares or
any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the
exercise of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall anything contained herein
or in any Right Certificate be construed to confer upon the holder of any Right
Certificate, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any
right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to
stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any
corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting
stockholders (except as provided in Section 25 hereof), or to receive dividends
or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by
such Right Certificate shall have been exercised in accordance with the
provisions hereof.

Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent. The Company agrees to
pay to the Rights Agent reasonable compensation for all services rendered by it
hereunder and, from time to time, on demand of the Rights Agent, its reasonable
expenses and counsel fees and other disbursements incurred in

-42-
<PAGE> 46
the administration and execution of this Agreement and the exercise and
performance of its duties hereunder. The Company also agrees to indemnify the
Rights Agent for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability, or
expense, incurred without negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the
part of the Rights Agent, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in
connection with the acceptance and administration of this Agreement, including
the costs and expenses of defending against any claim of liability in the
premises.

The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no
liability for, or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in
connection with, its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any
Right Certificate or certificate for the Preferred Shares or Common Shares or
for other securities of the Company, instrument of assignment or transfer,
power of attorney, endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent,
certificate, statement, or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine
and to be signed, executed and, where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by
the proper person or persons, or otherwise upon the advice of counsel as set
forth in Section 20 hereof.

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of
Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor
Rights Agent may be merged or with

-43-
<PAGE> 47
which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger or
consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be
a party, or any corporation succeeding to the stock transfer or corporate trust
powers of the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent, shall be the
successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or
filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties
hereto; provided, that such corporation would be eligible for appointment as a
successor Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 21 hereof. In case at
the time such successor Rights Agent shall succeed to the agency created by
this Agreement, any of the Right Certificates shall have been countersigned but
not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature
of the predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such Right Certificates so
countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Right Certificates shall not
have been countersigned, any successor Rights Agent may countersign such Right
Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Rights Agent or in the name
of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such cases such Right Certificates
shall have the full force provided in the Right Certificates and in this
Agreement.

In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be
changed and at such time any of the Right Certificates shall have been
countersigned but not delivered, the

-44-
<PAGE> 48
Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature under its prior name and deliver
Right Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Right
Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may
countersign such Right Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed
name; and in all such cases such Right Certificates shall have the full force
provided in the Right Certificates and in this Agreement.

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent
undertakes the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the
following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of
Right Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

(a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who
may be legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion of such counsel shall be
full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as to any
action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such
opinion.

(b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this
Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact
or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering
any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect
thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be

-45-
<PAGE> 49
deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed by any
one of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President,
any Vice President, the Treasurer or the Secretary of the Company and delivered
to the Rights Agent; and such certificate shall be full authorization to the
Rights Agent for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it under the
provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate.

(c) The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder to the
Company and any other Person only for its own negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct.

(d) The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason
of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in
the Right Certificates (except its countersignature thereof) or be required to
verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed
to have been made by the Company only.

(e) The Rights Agent shall not be under any
responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution
and delivery hereof (except the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in
respect of the validity or execution of any Right Certificate (except its
countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the
Company of any covenant or condition contained in this

-46-
<PAGE> 50
Agreement or in any Right Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for any
change in the exercisability of the Rights (including the Rights becoming void
pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) or any adjustment in the terms of the
Rights (including the manner, method or amount thereof) provided for in Section
3, 11, 13, 23 or 24, or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would
require any such change or adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of
Rights evidenced by Right Certificates after actual notice that such change or
adjustment is required); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make
any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any
Preferred Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right
Certificate or as to whether any Preferred Shares will, when issued, be validly
authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(f) The Company agrees that it will perform, execute,
acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may
reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing
by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

-47-
<PAGE> 51
(g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to
accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder
from any one of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the
President, any Vice President, the Secretary or the Treasurer of the Company,
and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with its
duties, and it shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered by it in
good faith in accordance with instructions of any such officer or for any delay
in acting while waiting for those instructions.

(h) The Rights Agent and any stockholder, director,
officer or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the
Rights or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in
any transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or
lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it
were not Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the
Rights Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other
legal entity.

(i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the
rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either
itself or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not
be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any
such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company

-48-
<PAGE> 52
resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, provided
reasonable care was exercised in the selection and continued employment
thereof.

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent or any
successor Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this
Agreement upon 30 days' notice in writing mailed to the Company and to each
transfer agent of the Common Shares or Preferred Shares by registered or
certified mail, and to the holders of the Right Certificates by first-class
mail. The Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent
upon 30 days' notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent or successor Rights
Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Common Shares or
Preferred Shares by registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the
Right Certificates by first-class mail. If the Rights Agent shall resign or be
removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company shall
appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such
appointment within a period of 30 days after giving notice of such removal or
after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the
resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of a Right Certificate
(who shall, with such notice, submit his Right Certificate for inspection by
the Company), then the registered holder of any Right Certificate

-49-
<PAGE> 53
may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new
Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or
by such a court, shall be a corporation organized and doing business under the
laws of the United States or of the States of Ohio, New York, Indiana (or of
any other state of the United States so long as such corporation is authorized
to do business as a banking institution in the States of Ohio, New York,
Indiana, in good standing, having an office in the States of Ohio, New York,
Indiana, which is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust or
stock transfer powers and is subject to supervision or examination by federal
or state authority and which has at the time of its appointment as Rights Agent
a combined capital and surplus of at least $50 million. After appointment, the
successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and
responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Rights Agent without
further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent shall deliver and
transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the time held by it
hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance, conveyance, act or
deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the effective date of any such
appointment the Company shall file notice thereof in writing with the
predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Common Shares or
Preferred Shares, and mail a notice thereof in writing to the registered
holders of the Right

-50-
<PAGE> 54
Certificates. Failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 21,
however, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of
the resignation or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of the
successor Rights Agent, as the case may be.

Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates.
Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the
contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new Right Certificates
evidencing Rights in such form as may be approved by its Board of Directors to
reflect any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind
or class of shares or other securities or property purchasable under the Right
Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

Section 23. Redemption. (a) The Board of Directors of the
Company may, at its option, at any time prior to such time as any Person
becomes an Acquiring Person, redeem all but not less than all the then
outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $.01 per Right, appropriately
adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction
occurring after the date hereof (such redemption price being hereinafter
referred to as the "Redemption Price"). The redemption of the Rights by the
Board of Directors may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with
such

-51-
<PAGE> 55
conditions as the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may establish.

(b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors
of the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights pursuant to paragraph (a)
of this Section 23, and without any further action and without any notice, the
right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of
the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price. The Company
shall promptly give public notice of any such redemption; provided, however,
that the failure to give, or any defect in, any such notice shall not affect
the validity of such redemption. Within 10 days after such action of the Board
of Directors ordering the redemption of the Rights, the Company shall mail a
notice of redemption to all the holders of the then outstanding Rights at their
last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or,
prior to the Distribution Date, on the registry books of the transfer agent for
the Common Shares. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided
shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such
notice of redemption will state the method by which the payment of the
Redemption Price will be made. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates or
Associates may redeem, acquire or purchase for value any Rights at any time in
any manner other than that specifically set forth in this Section 23 or in
Section 24 hereof, and other than in

-52-
<PAGE> 56
connection with the purchase of Common Shares prior to the Distribution Date.

Section 24. Exchange. (a) The Board of Directors of the
Company may, at its option, at any time after any Person becomes an Acquiring
Person, exchange all or part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights
(which shall not include Rights that have become void pursuant to the
provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) for Common Shares at an exchange ratio
of one Common Share per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock
split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof
(such exchange ratio being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Ratio").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall not be empowered to
effect such exchange at any time after any Person (other than the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or any such
Subsidiary, or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of
any such plan), together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person,
becomes the Beneficial Owner of 50% or more of the Common Shares then
outstanding.

(b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors
of the Company ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to paragraph (a) of
this Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the
right to exercise

-53-
<PAGE> 57
such Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of a holder of such
Rights shall be to receive that number of Common Shares equal to the number of
such Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Exchange Ratio. The Company
shall promptly give public notice of any such exchange; provided, however, that
the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice shall not affect the
validity of such exchange. The Company promptly shall mail a notice of any such
exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at their last addresses as they
appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent. Any notice which is mailed
in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder
receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange will state the method by
which the exchange of the Common Shares for Rights will be effected and, in the
event of any partial exchange, the number of Rights which will be exchanged.
Any partial exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the number of Rights
(other than Rights which have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section
11(a)(ii) hereof) held by each holder of Rights.

(c) In the event that there shall not be sufficient
Common Shares issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit
any exchange of Rights as contemplated in accordance with this Section 24, the
Company shall take all such action as may be necessary to authorize additional
Common Shares for issuance upon exchange of the Rights. In the event the
Company shall, after good faith

-54-
<PAGE> 58
effort, be unable to take all such action as may be necessary to authorize such
additional Common Shares, the Company shall substitute, for each Common Share
that would otherwise be issuable upon exchange of a Right, a number of
Preferred Shares or fraction thereof such that the current per share market
price of one Preferred Share multiplied by such number or fraction is equal to
the current per share market price of one Common Share as of the date of
issuance of such Preferred Shares or fraction thereof.

(d) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions
of Common Shares or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional Common
Shares. In lieu of such fractional Common Shares, the Company shall pay to the
registered holders of the Right Certificates with regard to which such
fractional Common Shares would otherwise be issuable an amount in cash equal to
the same fraction of the current market value of a whole Common Share. For the
purposes of this paragraph (d), the current market value of a whole Common
Share shall be the closing price of a Common Share (as determined pursuant to
the second sentence of Section 11(d)(i) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately
prior to the date of exchange pursuant to this Section 24.

Section 25. Notice of Certain Events. (a) In case the Company
shall propose (i) to pay any dividend payable in stock of any class to the
holders of its Preferred Shares or

-55-
<PAGE> 59
to make any other distribution to the holders of its Preferred Shares (other
than a regular quarterly cash dividend), (ii) to offer to the holders of its
Preferred Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or to purchase any
additional Preferred Shares or shares of stock of any class or any other
securities, rights or options, (iii) to effect any reclassification of its
Preferred Shares (other than a reclassification involving only the subdivision
of outstanding Preferred Shares), (iv) to effect any consolidation or merger
into or with, or to effect any sale or other transfer (or to permit one or more
of its Subsidiaries to effect any sale or other transfer), in one or more
transactions, of 50% or more of the assets or earning power of the Company and
its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to, any other Person, (v) to effect the
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, or (vi) to declare or
pay any dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or to effect a
subdivision, combination or consolidation of the Common Shares (by
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of dividends in Common Shares),
then, in each such case, the Company shall give to each holder of a Right
Certificate, in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of such proposed
action, which shall specify the record date for the purposes of such stock
dividend, or distribution of rights or warrants, or the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up is to

-56-
<PAGE> 60
take place and the date of participation therein by the holders of the Common
Shares and/or Preferred Shares, if any such date is to be fixed, and such
notice shall be so given in the case of any action covered by clause (i) or
(ii) above at least 10 days prior to the record date for determining holders of
the Preferred Shares for purposes of such action, and in the case of any such
other action, at least 10 days prior to the date of the taking of such proposed
action or the date of participation therein by the holders of the Common Shares
and/or Preferred Shares, whichever shall be the earlier.

(b) In case the event set forth in Section 11(a)(ii)
hereof shall occur, then the Company shall as soon as practicable thereafter
give to each holder of a Right Certificate, in accordance with Section 26
hereof, a notice of the occurrence of such event, which notice shall describe
such event and the consequences of such event to holders of Rights under
Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

Section 26. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this
Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right
Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by
first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in
writing with the Rights Agent) as follows:

-57-
<PAGE> 61
Huffy Corporation
225 Byers Road
Miamisburg, Ohio 45342
Attention: Corporate Secretary

Subject to the provisions of Section 21 hereof, any notice or demand authorized
by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any
Right Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or made
if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address
is filed in writing with the Company) as follows:

Bank One, Indianapolis, National Association
111 Monument Circle
Indianapolis, Indiana 46277
Attention: Securities Holders
Services Department

Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the
Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Right Certificate shall be
sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid,
addressed to such holder at the address of such holder as shown on the registry
books of the Company.

Section 27. Supplements and Amendments. The Company may from
time to time supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any
holders of Right Certificates in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or
supplement any

-58-
<PAGE> 62
provision contained herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any
other provisions herein, or to make any other provisions with respect to the
Rights which the Company may deem necessary or desirable, any such supplement
or amendment to be evidenced by a writing signed by the Company and the Rights
Agent; provided, however, that from and after such time as any Person becomes
an Acquiring Person, this Agreement shall not be amended in any manner which
would adversely affect the interests of the holders of Rights. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Company may at any time prior to such time as any Person
becomes an Acquiring Person amend this Agreement to lower the thresholds set
forth in Sections 1(a) and 3(a) to not less than the greater of (i) the sum of
.001% and the largest percentage of the outstanding Common Shares then known by
the Company to be beneficially owned by any Person (other than the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company, or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant
to the terms of any such plan) and (ii) 10%.

Section 28. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of
this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall
bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns
hereunder.

-59-
<PAGE> 63
Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed to give to any person or corporation other than
the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Right
Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the Common Shares) any legal
or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement
shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent
and the registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to the
Distribution Date, the Common Shares).

Section 30. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or
restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or
other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

Section 31. Governing Law. This Agreement and each Right
Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the
laws of the State of Ohio and for all purposes shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts to
be made and performed entirely within such State.

Section 32. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and each of such

-60-
<PAGE> 64
counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such
counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section 33. Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings of the
several Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall
not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions
hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed and attested, all as of the day and year first
above written.

HUFFY CORPORATION

Attest:

By: /s/ Nancy A. Michaud By: /s/ Pamela J. Whipps
----------------------- -----------------------
Title: Vice President-General Title: Vice President-Treasurer
Counsel and Secretary

Attest: BANK ONE, INDIANAPOLIS,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: /s/ James M. Dimitroff By: /s/ Sylvia A. Bostock
----------------------- -----------------------
Title: Vice President and Title: Trust Officer
Senior Trust Officer

-61-
<PAGE> 65

Exhibit A

[Amendment Lead-in]

Section 3. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF SERIES C PREFERRED
STOCK.

In addition to the express terms set forth in clauses (b)
through (l) of Section 2 of this Article Fourth which are applicable to all
series of Preferred Stock, additional express terms of the Series C Preferred
Stock are as follows:

(a) The designation of such series shall be Series C
Cumulative Preferred Stock ("Series C Preferred Stock") and such series shall
consist of 200,000 shares. Such number of shares may be increased or decreased
by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided, that no decrease shall
reduce the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to a number less than
the number of shares then outstanding plus the number of shares reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options, rights or warrants or upon
the conversion of any outstanding securities issued by the corporation
convertible into Series C Preferred Stock.

(b) The holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors out of funds legally available for the payment thereof, quarterly
dividends payable in cash on the 1st day of February, May, August and November
in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after
the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series C Preferred
Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the
greater of (a) $10 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter
set forth, 100 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and
100 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash
dividends or other distributions, other than a dividend payable in shares of
Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common stock (by
reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock since the
immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or, with respect to the
first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or
fraction of a share of Series C Preferred Stock. In the event the corporation
shall at any time
<PAGE> 66
declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common
Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser
number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount to which
holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior
to such event under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by
multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the
denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

(c) The corporation shall declare a dividend or
distribution on the Series C Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (b) of
this Section immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the
Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock);
provided that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been
declared on the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a
dividend of $10 per share on the Series C Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be
accrued and payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

(d) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares, unless the date
of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to
accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a
Quarterly Dividend Date or is a date after the record date for the
determination of holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock entitled to
receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date,
in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be
cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid
dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series C
Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at
the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a
share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board
of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares
of Series C Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or
distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be not more than 60 days
prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

(e) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or
distributions payable on the Series C Preferred Stock as provided in Section
3(b) are in arrears, thereafter and until

-2-
<PAGE> 67
all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on
shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full,
the corporation shall not:

(i) declare or pay dividends, or make any other
distributions, on any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the
Series C Preferred Stock:

(ii) declare or pay dividends, or make any other
distributions, on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as
to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the
Series C Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series
C Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are
payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the
holders of all such shares are then entitled;

(iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for
consideration shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the
Series C Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any
time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such junior
stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking
junior (either as to dividends or upon dissolution, liquidation or
winding up) to the Series C Preferred Stock; or

(iv) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for
consideration any shares of Series C Preferred Stock, or any shares of
stock ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock, except in
accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as
determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares
upon such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the
respective annual dividend rates and other relative rights and
preferences of the respective series and classes, shall determine in
good faith will result in fair and equitable treatment among the
respective series or classes.

(f) The corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of
the corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares
of Series C Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a parity with
the Series C Preferred Stock, unless the corporation could, under Section 3(e)
of this Article Fourth purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time
and in such manner.

(g) Any shares of Series C Preferred Stock purchased or
otherwise acquired by the corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired
and cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof. Except as contemplated
by Section 2(h) of this Article Fourth, all such shares shall upon their
cancellation

-3-
<PAGE> 68
become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as
part of a new series of Preferred Stock subject to the conditions and
restrictions on issuance set forth herein or as otherwise required by law.

(h) Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the corporation, no distribution shall be made (1) to the holders of shares of
stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up) to the Series C Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the
holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall have received $100.00 per
share, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions
thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment, provided that
the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive
an aggregate amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment
hereinafter set forth, equal to 100 times the aggregate amount to be
distributed per share to holders of shares of Common Stock, or (2) to the
holders of shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series C Preferred Stock,
except distributions made ratably on the Series C Preferred Stock and all such
parity stock in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all
such shares are entitled upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. In
the event the corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the
Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or affect a subdivision or
combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common
Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each
such case the aggregate amount to which holders of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under the proviso in clause
(1) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to
such event.

(i) In case the corporation shall enter into any
consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the shares of
Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash
and/or any other property, then in any such case each share of Series C
Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into
an amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set
forth, equal to 100 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash
and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or
for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the
corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or
consolidation of the

-4-
<PAGE> 69
outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by
payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser
number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount set forth
in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of
Series C Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to
such event.

(j) The shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be
redeemable.

(k) The Series C Preferred Stock shall rank, with respect
to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, pari passu to all
series of any other class of the corporation's Preferred Stock.

[Closing and Signatures]

-5-
<PAGE> 70

Exhibit B

Form of Right Certificate

Certificate No. R- _____ Rights

NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER DECEMBER 9, 2004 OR EARLIER IF REDEMPTION
OR EXCHANGE OCCURS. THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AT
$.01 PER RIGHT AND TO EXCHANGE ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE
RIGHTS AGREEMENT.

Right Certificate

HUFFY CORPORATION

This certifies that ____________________, or registered assigns,
is the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which
entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of
the Rights Agreement, dated as of December 16, 1988, as amended as of August
23, 1991, and as amended and restated as of December 9, 1994 (the "Rights
Agreement"), between Huffy Corporation, an Ohio corporation (the "Company"),
and Bank One, Indianapolis, National Association (the "Rights Agent"), to
purchase from the Company at any time after the Distribution Date (as such term
is defined in the Rights Agreement) and prior to 5:00 P.M., Indianapolis time,
on December 9, 2004 at the principal office of the Rights Agent, or at the
office of its successor as Rights Agent, one one-hundredth of a fully paid
non-assessable share of Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $1.00
per share (the "Preferred Shares"), of the Company, at a purchase price of $60
per one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share (the "Purchase Price"), upon
presentation and surrender of this Right Certificate with the Form of Election
to Purchase duly executed. The number of Rights evidenced by this Right
Certificate (and the number of one one-hundredths of a Preferred Share which
may be purchased upon exercise hereof) set forth above, and the Purchase Price
set forth above, are the number and Purchase Price as of December 9, 1994,
based on the Preferred Shares as constituted at such date. As provided in the
Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price and the number of one one-hundredths of a
Preferred Share which may be purchased upon the exercise of the Rights
evidenced by this Right Certificate are subject to modification and adjustment
upon the happening of certain events.

B-1
<PAGE> 71
This Right Certificate is subject to all of the terms,
provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and
conditions are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof
and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description
of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities
hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Right
Certificates. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the principal
executive offices of the Company and the above-mentioned offices of the Rights
Agent.

This Right Certificate, with or without other Right
Certificates, upon surrender at the principal office of the Rights Agent, may
be exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates of like tenor
and date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like aggregate
number of Preferred Shares as the Rights evidenced by the Right Certificate or
Right Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase. If
this Right Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled
to receive upon surrender hereof another Right Certificate or Right
Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights
evidenced by this Certificate (i) may be redeemed by the Company at a
redemption price of $.01 per Right or (ii) may be exchanged in whole or in part
for Preferred Shares or shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value $1.00
per share.

No fractional Preferred Shares will be issued upon the exercise
of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which are
integral multiples of one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share, which may, at the
election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary receipts), but in lieu
thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.

No holder of this Right Certificate shall be entitled to vote or
receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the Preferred
Shares or of any other securities of the Company which may at any time be
issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights
Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any
of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the
election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any
meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any

B-2
<PAGE> 72

corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting
stockholders (except as provided in the Rights Agreement), or to receive
dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights
evidenced by this Right Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in
the Rights Agreement.

This Right Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any
purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.

WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the
Company and its corporate seal. Dated as of __________.

ATTEST: HUFFY CORPORATION

_________________________ By_____________________________

Countersigned:

BANK ONE, INDIANAPOLIS, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By________________________________
Authorized Signature

B-3
<PAGE> 73
Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered holder if such
holder desires to transfer the Right Certificate.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED ________________________________ hereby
sells, assigns and transfers unto _____________________________________________

________________________________________________________________________________
(Please print name and address of transferee)

________________________________________________________________________________
this Right Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein,
and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ____________________
Attorney, to transfer the within Right Certificate on the books of the
within-named Company, with full power of substitution.

Dated: ______________________

________________________________________
Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered
national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or trust company having an
office or correspondent in the United States.

________________________________________________________________________________

The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by
this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

________________________________________
Signature

________________________________________________________________________________

B-4
<PAGE> 74

Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate -- continued

FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

(To be executed if holder desires to exercise
Rights represented by the Right Certificate.)

To: HUFFY CORPORATION

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
___________________________ Rights represented by this Right Certificate to
purchase the Preferred Shares issuable upon the exercise of such Rights and
requests that certificates for such Preferred Shares be issued in the name of:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

________________________________________________________________________________
(Please print name and address)

________________________________________________________________________________

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this Right
Certificate, a new Right Certificate for the balance remaining of such Rights
shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

________________________________________________________________________________
(Please print name and address)

________________________________________________________________________________

Dated: __________________

________________________________________
Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered
national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc., or a commercial bank or trust company having an
office or correspondent in the United States.

B-5
<PAGE> 75
Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate -- continued

________________________________________________________________________________

The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by
this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

________________________________________
Signature

________________________________________________________________________________

NOTICE

The signature in the Form of Assignment or Form of Election to
Purchase, as the case may be, must conform to the name as written upon the face
of this Right Certificate in every particular, without alteration or
enlargement or any change whatsoever.

In the event the certification set forth above in the Form of
Assignment or the Form of Election to Purchase, as the case may be, is not
completed, the Company and the Rights Agent will deem the beneficial owner of
the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate to be an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and such
Assignment or Election to Purchase will not be honored.

B-6
<PAGE> 76

Exhibit C

SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE
PREFERRED SHARES

On December 16, 1988, the Board of Directors of Huffy
Corporation (the "Company") declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase
right (a "Right") for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $1.00
per share (the "Common Shares"), of the Company. The dividend is payable on
February 1, 1989 to the stockholders of record on January 13, 1989 (the "Record
Date"). Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company
one one-hundredth of a share of Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value
$1.00 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), of the Company at a price of $45.00
per one one- hundredth of a Preferred Share (the "Purchase Price"), subject to
adjustment. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights
Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") between the Company and Bank One,
Indianapolis, National Association, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent").

Until the earlier to occur of (i) 10 days following a public
announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an
"Acquiring Person") have acquired beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares or (ii) 10 business days (or such later date as may
be determined by action of the Board of Directors prior to such time as any
Person becomes an Acquiring Person) following the commencement of, or
announcement of an intention to make, a tender offer or exchange offer the
consummation of which would result in the beneficial ownership by a person or
group of 20% or more of such outstanding Common Shares (the earlier of such
dates being called the "Distribution Date"), the Rights will be evidenced, with
respect to any of the Common Shares certificates outstanding as of the Record
Date, by such Common Share certificate with a copy of this Summary of Rights
attached thereto.

The Rights Agreement provides that, until the Distribution
Date, the Rights will be transferred with and only with the Common Shares.
Until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the
Rights), new Common Share certificates issued after the Record Date, upon
transfer or new issuance of Common Shares will contain a notation incorporating
the Rights Agreement by reference. Until the Distribution Date

-1-
<PAGE> 77
(or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), the surrender for transfer
of any certificates for Common Shares, outstanding as of the Record Date, even
without such notation or a copy of this Summary of Rights being attached
thereto, will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the
Common Shares represented by such certificate. As soon as practicable
following the Distribution Date, separate certificates evidencing the Rights
("Right Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of the Common Shares
as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and such separate Right
Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.

The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date.
The Rights will expire on January 13, 1999 (the "Final Expiration Date"),
unless the Final Expiration Date is extended or unless the Rights are earlier
redeemed by the Company, in each case, as described below.

The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Preferred Shares
or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are
subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of
a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination of reclassification of, the
Preferred Shares, (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Preferred Shares of
certain rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Preferred Shares at a
price, or securities convertible into Preferred Shares with a conversion price,
less than the then current market price of the Preferred Shares or (iii) upon
the distribution to holders of the Preferred Shares of evidence of indebtedness
or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends paid out of earnings or
retained earnings or dividends payable in Preferred Shares) or of subscription
rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

The number of outstanding Rights and the number of one
one-hundredths of a Preferred Share issuable upon exercise of each Right are
also subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split of the Common Shares
or a stock dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or
subdivisions, consolidations or combinations of the Common Shares occurring, in
any such case, prior to the Distribution Date.

Preferred Shares purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will
not be redeemable. Each Preferred Share will be entitled to a minimum
preferential quarterly dividend payment of $10 per share but will be entitled
to an aggregate dividend of 100 times the dividend declared per Common Share.
In the event of liquidation, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be
entitled to a minimum preferential liquidation payment of $100 per share but
will be entitled to an aggregate payment of

-2-
<PAGE> 78
100 times the payment made per Common Share. Finally, in the event of any
merger, consolidation or other transaction in which Common Shares are
exchanged, each Preferred Share will be entitled to receive 100 times the
amount received per Common Share. These rights are protected by customary
antidilution provisions. Each Preferred Share will have one vote, voting
together with the Common Shares as one class.

Because of the nature of the Preferred Shares' dividend,
liquidation and other rights, the value of the one one- hundredth interest in a
Preferred Share purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate the
value of one Common Share.

In the event that the Company is acquired in a merger or other
business combination transaction or 50% or more of its consolidated assets or
earning power are sold, proper provision will be made so that each holder of a
Right will thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at
the then current exercise price of the Right, that number of shares of common
stock of the acquiring company which at the time of such transaction will have
a market value of two times the exercise price of the Right. In the event that
(i) any person becomes an Acquiring Person (unless such person first acquires
20% or more of the outstanding Common Shares by a purchase pursuant to a tender
offer for all of the Common Shares for cash, which purchase increases such
person's beneficial ownership to 80% or more of the outstanding Common Shares)
or (ii) during such time as there is an Acquiring Person, there shall be a
reclassification of securities or a recapitalization or reorganization of the
Company or other transaction or series of transactions involving the Company
which has the effect of increasing by more than 1% the proportionate share of
the outstanding shares of any class of equity securities of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person, proper
provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right, other than Rights
beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereafter be void),
will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise that number of Common
Shares having a market value of two times the exercise price of the Right.

At any time after the acquisition by a person or group of
affiliated or associated persons of beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares and prior to the acquisition by such person or group
of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Shares, the Board of Directors of the
Company may exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or
group which have become void), in whole or in

-3-
<PAGE> 79
part, at an exchange ratio of one Common Share, or one one-hundredth of a
Preferred Share (or of a share of a class or series of the Company's preferred
stock having equivalent rights, preferences and privileges), per Right (subject
to adjustment).

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price
will be required until cumulative adjustments require an adjustment of at least
1% in such Purchase Price. No fractional Preferred Shares will be issued
(other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-hundredth of a
Preferred Share, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by
depositary receipts) and in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made
based on the market price of the Preferred Shares on the last trading day prior
to the date of exercise.

At any time prior to the acquisition by a person or group of
affiliated or associated persons of beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares, the Board of Directors of the Company may redeem the
Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $.02 per Right (the "Redemption
Price"). The redemption of the rights may be made effective at such time on
such basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors in its sole
discretion may establish. In addition, if a bidder who does not beneficially
own more than 1% of the Common Shares (and who has not within the past year
owned in excess of 1% of the Common Shares and, at a time he held such greater
than 1% stake, disclosed, or caused the disclosure of, an intention which
relates to or would result in the acquisition or influence of control of the
Company) proposes to acquire all of the Common Shares (and all other shares of
capital stock of the Company entitled to vote with the Common Shares in the
election of directors or on mergers, consolidations, sales of all or
substantially all of the Company's assets, liquidations, dissolutions or
windings up) for cash at a price which a nationally recognized investment
banker selected by such bidder states in writing is fair, and such bidder has
obtained written financing commitments (or otherwise has financing) and
complies with certain procedural requirements, then the Company, upon the
request of the bidder, will hold a special stockholders meeting to vote on a
resolution requesting the Board of Directors to accept the bidder's proposal.
If a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the proposal vote
in favor of such resolution, then for a period of 60 days after such meeting
the Rights will be automatically redeemed at the Redemption Price immediately
prior to the consummation of any tender offer for all of such shares at a price
per share in cash equal to or greater than the price offered by such bidder;
provided, however, that no redemption

-4-
<PAGE> 80
will be permitted or required after the acquisition by any person or group of
affiliated or associated persons of beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the
outstanding Common Shares. Immediately upon any redemption of the Rights, the
right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders
of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price.

The terms of the Rights may be amended by the Board of
Directors of the Company without the consent of the holders of the Rights,
including an amendment to lower the threshold for exercisability of the Rights
from 20% to not less than the greater of (i) any percentage greater than the
largest percentage of the outstanding Common Shares then known to the Company
to be beneficially owned by any person or group of affiliated or associated
persons and (ii) 10%, except that from and after such time as any person
becomes an Acquiring Person no such amendment may adversely affect the
interests of the holders of the Rights.

Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will
have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation,
the right to vote or to receive dividends.

A copy of the Rights Agreement has been filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to a Registration Statement on
Form 8-A dated _____________, 1989. A copy of the Rights Agreement is
available free of charge from the Company. This summary description of the
Rights does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Rights Agreement, which is hereby incorporated herein by
reference.

-5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>