<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000905155-94-000001.txt : 19940128
<IMS-HEADER>0000905155-94-000001.hdr.sgml : 19940128
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000905155-94-000001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940111
ITEM INFORMATION:		3
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MERRY GO ROUND ENTERPRISES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000719721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5651
		IRS NUMBER:				520913402
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10491
		FILM NUMBER:		94502731

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 FASHION WAY
		CITY:			JOPPA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21085
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3015381000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>REPORT ON FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
##

##
## -#-
4182/BLUSEC
##

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 11, 1994

MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC. 
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Maryland 1-10491 52-0913402 
(State or Other (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer
Jurisdiction of Identification No.)
Incorporation)

3300 Fashion Way, Joppa, Maryland 21085 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (410) 538-1000

Not Applicable 
(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Item 3(a). Bankruptcy or Receivership.

On January 11, 1994, voluntary petitions (the 
"Petitions") were filed with respect to the Registrant and two of 
its subsidiaries, MGR Distribution Corporation and MGRR, Inc., 
seeking protection under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy 
Code (the "Bankruptcy Code") in the United States Bankruptcy 
Court for the District of Maryland (the "Bankruptcy Court") 
(Chapter 11 Case Nos. 94-5-0161, 0162 and 0163 (SD)). The 
Registrant and such subsidiaries are in possession of their 
respective properties and are maintaining and operating their 
respective businesses as debtors-in-possession pursuant to the 
provisions of Sections 1107 and 1108 of Chapter 11. On January 
21, 1994, the Bankruptcy Court entered an interim order approving 
on an interim basis a $40,000,000 revolving credit facility with 
a $40,000,000 subfacility for letters of credit. A copy of this 
order is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K. This financing 
is described in greater detail in Item 5. below under the caption 
"Revolving Credit Agreement."

The Registrant intends and desires to continue the 
operation of its businesses and the management of its properties 
and intends to propose a plan or plans of reorganization pursuant 
to Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.

Item 5. Other Events.

I. Revolving Credit Agreement.

On January 11, 1994, prior to and in contemplation 
of the filing of the Petitions, the Registrant, MGR Distribution 
Corporation and MGRR, Inc. executed a commitment letter and a 
related fee letter (the "Fee Letter") with respect to a 
$125,000,000 revolving credit facility. A copy of the Fee letter 
is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Form 8-K. The Registrant and 
MGR Distribution Corporation, as Borrowers, and MGRR, Inc., as 
Guarantor, have entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement dated 
as of January 14, 1994 (the "Original Credit Agreement"), as 
amended by a First Amendment dated as of January 21, 1994 (the 
"First Amendment," with the Original Credit Agreement as amended 
by the First Amendment being referred to herein as the "Credit 
Agreement") with the financial institutions from time to time 
party thereto (the "Lenders") and The CIT Group/Business Credit, 
Inc., as Agent. The proceeds of the loans to be made pursuant to 
the Credit Agreement are intended to be used solely to fund 
working capital in the Borrowers' and the Guarantor's businesses 
and for other general corporate purposes.

The following is a brief summary of certain 
portions of the Credit Agreement and are qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Original Credit Agreement and the 
First Amendment, which are filed as Exhibits 99.3 and 99.4 to 
this Form 8-K. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, 
the Lenders have agreed, subject to the limitations described 
below, to provide the Borrowers with a $125,000,000 revolving
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
credit facility, including a $90,000,000 subfacility for the 
issuance of letters of credit (of which not more than $10,000,000 
may be used for standby letters of credit). Until the final 
order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the loans made and to be 
made in accordance with the Credit Agreement (the "Final 
Bankruptcy Court Order") is duly entered, the revolving credit 
facility is limited to $40,000,000 and the letter of credit 
subfacility is limited to $40,000,000 (of which not more than 
$5,000,000 may be used for standby letters of credit).

Under the subfacility, CIT has agreed to assist the 
Borrowers in joining in applications for documentary and standby 
letters of credit and/or guaranteeing payment or performance of 
such letters of credit to be issued by a bank mutually acceptable 
to CIT and the Borrowers. Letters of credit issued under the 
subfacility would be limited to terms not exceeding one year from 
their respective dates of issuance. No letter of credit (a) may 
expire later than 15 days prior to the Termination Date (as 
defined below) unless such letter of credit is cash 
collateralized in an amount equal to 105% of the face amount 
thereof, or (b) may be issued for the benefit of domestic trade 
creditors in connection with the purchase of merchandise by 
either Borrower in excess of $12,000,000.

The Lender's commitment to make revolving credit loans 
and the obligation to assist in the issuance of letters of credit 
will expire on the earliest to occur of: (i) the date which is 
twenty-seven (27) months after January 21, 1994; (ii) 30 days 
after January 21, 1994 if the Final Bankruptcy Court Order shall 
not have been entered during such 30-day period; and (iii) the 
date of substantial consummation (as defined in Section 1101(2) 
of the Bankruptcy Code) of a plan of reorganization in the 
Borrowers' and the Guarantor's jointly administered cases that 
has been confirmed by an order of the Bankruptcy Court. The 
occurrence of the earliest of these events is referred to in the 
Credit Agreement as the "Termination Date."

No Lender has an obligation to make revolving credit 
loans or arrange for the issuance of letters of credit (except in 
certain circumstances with respect to letters of credit which are 
cash collateralized at 105% as provided in the Credit Agreement) 
if the proposed loan or letter of credit, when added to the 
aggregate amount of all outstanding and contemporaneous revolving 
credit loans and the letter of credit exposure at such time, 
would cause the aggregate of such loans and letter of credit 
exposure at any time to exceed the "Current Commitment" at such 
time. The "Current Commitment" at any time is an aggregate 
amount equal to the stated commitment set forth above (as the 
same may be voluntarily reduced by the Borrowers from time to 
time), or, if less, the borrowing base availability at that 
time. The borrowing base availability is computed as an amount
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
equal to the difference between (i) the sum of (A) 60% of the 
"book value" (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of the 
Borrowers' eligible inventory, subject to certain qualifications 
and deductions, and from and after the date on which the Agent 
has received certain evidence establishing the absence of liens 
on certain inventory (B) 60% of "L/C Inventory" (the undrawn 
stated amount of documentary letters of credit for the 
importation of finished goods inventory) and (ii) $2,500,000. If 
at any time the Current Commitment is less than the aggregate 
unpaid principal amount of the revolving credit loans then 
outstanding plus the letter of credit exposure at such time, the 
Borrowers shall prepay revolving credit loans in an amount of not 
less than the amount of such difference or, if the outstanding 
revolving credit loans are less than the amount of such 
difference, the Borrowers are required to provide cash collateral 
to the Agent in an amount equal to 105% of such excess.

Under the Credit Agreement, the Borrowers are required 
to maintain inventory at certain specified levels, which vary 
during the term of the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement 
also requires that the Borrowers' earnings before interest, 
taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), computed on a 
first in-first out basis and as otherwise provided in the Credit 
Agreement, equal or exceed the minimum levels specified in the 
Credit Agreement. In addition, the Credit Agreement establishes 
restrictions on the Borrowers with respect to indebtedness, 
guarantees, liens, capital expenditures, loans, investments, 
dividends, asset dispositions, markups and markdowns and the 
payment of certain pre-petition obligations, among other matters.

Loans made under the Credit Agreement will bear 
interest, (i) in the case of a Prime Loan, at a rate per annum 
for each day equal to the Prime Rate for such day plus 1% and 
(ii) in the case of a Eurodollar Loan, at the "Eurodollar Rate"
(the rate determined by the Agent to be the rate at which 
deposits in dollars are offered by Chemical Bank in the London 
interbank market two business days prior to the first day of the 
relevant interest period, in the approximate amount of the 
relevant Eurodollar Loan and having as maturity equal to such 
interest period) plus 2 1/2%. "Prime Rate" is defined in the 
Credit Agreement as the interest rate per annum publicly 
announced from time to time by Chemical Bank in New York, New 
York as its Prime Rate. Such interest rate is to change 
automatically from time to time effective as of the announced 
effective date of each change in such Prime Rate.

As security for the joint and several obligations of the 
Borrowers to the Agent, CIT and the Lenders under the Credit 
Agreement and related documents, each Borrower has granted to the 
Agent for the ratable benefit of each of the Lenders a lien 
solely on the letter of credit cash collateral account 
establishable under the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement 
provides for no other liens on any other assets of the Borrowers 
or the Guarantor.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
The Credit Agreement provides for the payment of certain 
fees by the Borrowers, including (a) an unused line fee of 0.375% 
per annum from and after January 21, 1994 until the Termination 
Date, on the excess, if any, of the revolving credit commitment 
over the sum of the loans and letter of credit exposure 
outstanding from time to time, (b) a letter of credit fees at 
rates ranging from 1.25% to 1.50%, and (c) an agent's fee 
aggregating $100,000 per annum. The Fee Letter provides for the 
payment of a facility fee of $1,250,000, $650,000 of which has 
been paid and $600,000 of which will be paid upon the entry of 
the Final Bankruptcy Court Order.

II. NYSE's Review of Registrant's Listing Status.

On January 12, 1994, the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
(the "Exchange") announced that it was reviewing the eligibility 
for continued listing of the Registrant's common stock in view of 
the Registrant's announcement that it had filed a Petition in the 
Bankruptcy Court.

Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c). Exhibits.

99.1 Interim Order of the Bankruptcy Court, dated January
21, 1994.

99.2 Fee Letter dated January 11, 1994 among Merry-Go-Round 
Enterprises, Inc., MGR Distribution Corporation, MGRR, 
Inc. and CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc.

99.3 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 14, 1994 
among Merry-Go-Round Enterprises, Inc. and MGR 
Distribution Corporation as Borrowers, MGRR, Inc. as 
Guarantor, the financial institutions party thereto, as 
Lenders, and The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc., as 
Agent.

99.4 First Amendment, dated as of January 21, 1994, among the
Borrowers, the Guarantor, the Lenders and the Agent.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused 
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned 
hereunto duly authorized.

MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC.

January 26, 1994 By: /s/ Isaac Kaufman 
Isaac Kaufman
Executive Vice President,
Secretary and Treasurer

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT INDEX

99.1 Interim Order of the Bankruptcy Court,
dated January 21, 1994

99.2 Fee Letter dated January 11, 1994
among Merry-Go-Round Enterprises, Inc., MGR 
Distribution Corporation, MGRR, Inc.
and CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc.

99.3 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of
January 14, 1994, among Merry-Go-Round
Enterprises, Inc. and MGR Distribution 
Corporation as Borrowers, MGRR, Inc. as 
Guarantor, the financial institutions party 
thereto, as Lenders, and The CIT 
Group/Business Credit, Inc., as Agent.

99.4 First Amendment, dated as of January 21, 1994
among the Borrowers, the Guarantor, the
Lenders and the Agent.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
##

##
## -#-
4171/BLUSEC
##
<PAGE>

UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF MARYLAND
BALTIMORE DIVISION

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -x
:
In re: : Chapter 11
:
MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC., : Case No.
MGRR, INC. AND MGR DISTRIBUTION : (JOINTLY ADMINISTERED UNDER
CORPORATION, : CASE NO. _________)
Debtors. :
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -x

INTERIM ORDER, PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 364(c)(1) AND (2) OF 
THE BANKRUPTCY CODE AND FED. R. BANKR. P. 4001, 
AUTHORIZING MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC. AND MGR 
DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION TO OBTAIN AND INCUR, AND MGRR, 
INC. TO GUARANTEE, POST-PETITION FINANCING AND 
POST-PETITION INDEBTEDNESS WITH SUPERPRIORITY OVER CERTAIN 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES AND SECURED BY A LIEN ON LETTER OF 
CREDIT CASH COLLATERAL AND LETTER OF CREDIT CASH 
COLLATERAL ACCOUNT 

MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC. ("MGRE"), MGRR, INC. 
("MGRR") and MGR DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION ("MGRD") 
(collectively, the "Debtors"), having filed with this Court 
voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of 
the United States Code on January 11, 1994 (the "Filing Date"); 
and having filed a motion on January 14, 1994 pursuant to 11 
U.S.C. Section 364(c) and Fed. R. Bankr. P. 4001 (the "Motion") 
for an order, inter alia:
(1) Authorizing MGRE and MGRD to borrow or 
obtain cash advances and letters of credit on a revolving 
credit basis from The CIT Group/Business Credit, Inc. (as 
Agent for the financial institutions identified in the 
Loan Documents, collectively, "CITBC"), guaranteed by 
MGRR, up to the aggregate principal amount of $125 million 
(inclusive of a $90 million subfacility for the issuance
PAGE
<PAGE>
of letters of credit) outstanding at any one time pursuant 
to the terms of a Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of 
January 14, 1994 and the Related Documents (as defined in 
the Revolving Credit Agreement) (collectively, the "Loan 
Documents"), substantially in the form annexed as Exhibit 
"A" to the Motion (the "CITBC Facility");
(2) Approving the terms and conditions of the 
Loan Documents and authorizing the Debtors to execute and 
enter into the Loan Documents;
(3) Authorizing the Debtors to execute and 
deliver, from time to time, all such other documents, 
instruments and agreements and perform such other acts as 
may be required in connection with the Loan Documents;
(4) Authorizing MGRE and MGRD, under 11 U.S.C. 
Section 364(c)(1), to obtain post-petition financing and 
incur post-petition indebtedness under the CITBC Facility, 
guaranteed by MGRR, which indebtedness due and owing by 
MGRE and MGRD, and guaranty obligations owing by MGRR, to 
CITBC shall (a) pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 364(c)(1), 
have priority over any and all expenses and claims of the 
kind specified in, inter alia, 11 U.S.C. Sections 105, 
326, 328, 503(b), 506(c), 507(a), 507(b), 726 and 1114 and 
(b) pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 364(c)(2), be secured by 
a first priority lien on and security interest in all cash 
maintained in the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account 
defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement and any direct
PAGE
<PAGE>
investment of funds contained therein (all of the 
foregoing property being hereinafter referred to in this 
Order as the "Letter of Credit Cash Collateral"), in each 
case, subject and subordinate only to (i) Permitted Liens 
(as defined in the Loan Documents), including existing 
liens and (ii) the Carveout (as defined in Paragraph 10 
below);
(5) Authorizing, after an interim hearing on 
the Motion, MGRE and MGRD to obtain, and MGRR to 
guarantee, interim financing of up to $40 million 
(including a $40 million subfacility for the issuance of 
Letters of Credit pursuant to the Loan Documents) from 
CITBC on an interim basis, under the same terms and 
conditions as set forth in the Loan Documents, pending 
entry of an order in respect of a final hearing on the 
Motion (the "Final Hearing") in accordance with Fed. R. 
Bankr. P. 4001; and
(6) Granting the Debtors such other and further 
relief as the Court deems necessary, appropriate, 
equitable and proper.
The Debtors having requested in the Motion, pursuant to Fed. R. 
Bankr. P. 4001, that the Court consider, on an expedited basis, 
the proposed interim financing requested in the Motion; and 
pursuant to Fed. R. Bankr. P. 4001(c)(1), it appearing that any 
and all necessary notice of the interim hearing has been duly 
provided; and upon the record of the hearing held this day
PAGE
<PAGE>
before this Court; and this Court having noted the appearances 
of all parties in interest in the record of this Court; and it 
appearing to this Court that the relief requested in the Motion 
is in the best interests of the Debtors and their respective 
creditors and is essential for the continued operation of their 
businesses; and it further appearing that the Debtors are unable 
to obtain unsecured credit for money borrowed allowable as an 
administrative expense under 11 U.S.C. Section 503(b)(1); and 
due deliberation having been had; and sufficient cause appearing 
therefor;
THE COURT HEREBY FINDS as follows:
A. Capitalized terms used in this Order and not 
otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such 
terms in the Loan Documents and the exhibits thereto, the terms 
of which shall be, and they hereby are, incorporated herein by 
reference as if fully set forth at length.
B. On the Filing Date, the Debtors each filed with 
this Court voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of 
the Bankruptcy Code and are continuing to manage their 
properties and operate their businesses as debtors-in-possession 
pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Sections 1107 and 1108. Pursuant to an 
order of the Bankruptcy Court, the Debtors' chapter 11 cases are 
being jointly administered.
C. This Court has jurisdiction over these cases and 
the parties and property affected hereby pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
Sections 157(b)(2)(D) and 1334.
PAGE
<PAGE>
D. MGRE owns 100% of the stock of MGRD and MGRR. 
MGRE also directly or indirectly owns 100% of the stock of other 
related corporations for which no petitions under Title 11 have 
been filed.
E. MGRE is a specialty retailer of young men's and 
women's contemporary fashions. MGRE operates over 1,400 stores 
in 44 states and the District of Columbia. Over 1,200 stores 
are leased by MGRE or affiliates other than MGRD or MGRR. MGRE 
leases over 200 additional stores in California, Illinois and 
New York, which leases it has assigned to MGRD. Pursuant to 
certain agreements, MGRE manages and operates all of the leased 
locations assigned to MGRD, and undertakes to pay all lease 
obligations. Thus, MGRE and MGRD have many common creditors.
F. MGRD serves as the distributor for apparel sold 
in stores operated by MGRE. MGRD purchases apparel from 
manufacturers and provides MGRE with such apparel for all 
Debtor-operated stores. Under its agreements with MGRD, MGRE 
leases its employees to MGRD and manages the billing and payment 
system for all inventory purchases. MGRE also undertakes to pay 
all vendors and other creditors for such apparel.
G. MGRR is a Delaware holding company, wholly-owned 
by MGRE. MGRR holds rights to the trademarks and tradenames 
used by MGRE, including the name "Merry-Go-Round". MGRR is a 
party to certain royalty and licensing agreements with MGRE and 
certain of its affiliates.
PAGE
<PAGE>
H. Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Sections 102(1) and 364(c) 
and Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2002 and 4001(c), the Debtors have 
provided due and sufficient notice of the hearing on the Motion 
held this day, and their request for the relief set forth in the 
Motion insofar as it relates to the interim financing and the 
relief granted in this Order, and no further notice of the 
request for the relief granted in this Order is required. The 
Debtors have provided actual notice, whether oral notice by 
telephone or written notice, of the Motion and the terms of this 
Order to CITBC, the Office of the United States Trustee, the 
Securities Exchange Commission and their respective twenty (20) 
largest unsecured creditors or their counsel. Such notice is 
appropriate, adequate and proper under the circumstances of this 
case as set forth herein, in the Motion and as presented to the 
Court.
I. In order to continue the ordinary course 
operations of the business of each of the Debtors, it is 
necessary for MGRE and MGRD to borrow money and otherwise obtain 
credit from CITBC to facilitate, among other things, the 
purchase of post-petition merchandise needs.
J. MGRE and MGRD are unable to obtain working 
capital financing allowable under 11 U.S.C. Section 503(b)(1) as 
an administrative expense pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 364(a) 
or 364(b) or without the guaranty of MGRR and granting a first 
priority lien and security interest on the Letter of Credit Cash 
Collateral and the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account, in
accordance with the Revolving Credit Agreement, under 11 U.S.C. 
PAGE
<PAGE>
Section 364(c)(2). After considering all alternatives, the 
Debtors have concluded, in the exercise of their respective best 
and reasonable business judgment, that the CITBC Facility 
represents the best working capital financing available.
K. Good cause has been shown for the immediate 
entry of this Order. Among other things, the ability of the 
Debtors to finance their operations and the availability of 
interim financing pursuant to this Order and the Loan Documents 
is vital. The preservation and maintenance of the going-concern 
value of the Debtors (collectively and independently) is of the 
utmost significance and importance to their successful 
reorganization pursuant to the provisions of chapter 11 of the 
Bankruptcy Code. The terms of the borrowings and issuance of 
Letters of Credit authorized hereby are fair under the 
circumstances. Entry of this Order will be in the best 
interests of each of the Debtors, their estates and their 
creditors.
Accordingly, it is hereby FOUND, ORDERED, DETERMINED 
AND DECREED, as follows:
1. The Motion of the Debtors, as it relates to 
interim approval of the CITBC Facility, shall be, and it hereby 
is, approved in all respects.
2. Good and sufficient notice of the Motion's 
request for interim approval of the CITBC Facility and the 
hearing thereon has been provided in accordance with, inter
alia, 11 U.S.C. Sections 102(1) and 364(c) and Fed. R. Bankr. P. 
PAGE
<PAGE>
2002 and 4001(c), and any requirement for other and further 
notice shall be, and it hereby is, dispensed with and waived.
3. The relief granted by this Court pursuant to 
this Order is necessary to avoid the immediate and irreparable 
harm to the Debtors' estates pending the Final Hearing on the 
Motion.
4. An immediate need exists for MGRE and MGRD to 
have the ability to obtain cash advances and letters of credit 
in order to continue the ordinary course operation of its 
business.
5. MGRE and MGRD are unable to obtain cash advances 
and letters of credit facilities as unsecured credit allowable 
under 11 U.S.C. Section 503(b)(1) and without the guarantee of 
MGRR. Without the availability of the CITBC Financing, it is 
unlikely that MGRE will be able to acquire the levels of 
inventory it needs in order to ensure adequate sales and 
continued customer loyalty. If sales and customer loyalty are 
not maintained, the Debtors' ability to preserve the 
going-concern value of their businesses will be quickly eroded. 
The preservation and maintenance of the going-concern values of 
the Debtors (collectively and independently) is of utmost 
significance and importance to a successful reorganization of 
the Debtors pursuant to the provisions of chapter 11 of the 
Bankruptcy Code.
6. As set forth in the Motion and based upon the 
record of these proceedings, this Court finds that the terms of 
the interim financing requested in the Motion have been
PAGE
<PAGE>
negotiated in good faith and at arm's length between each Debtor 
and CITBC, and any credit extended by CITBC pursuant to the 
terms of the Loan Documents and this Order shall be, and it 
hereby is, deemed to have been extended in good faith (as that 
term is used in 11 U.S.C. Section 364(e)).
7. MGRE and MGRD will receive post-petition loans 
and/or advances and credit and MGRR will receive proceeds of 
such borrowings and other direct or indirect benefits from the 
CITBC Facility authorized by this Order.
8. MGRE and MGRD are immediately authorized to 
borrow or obtain cash advances and letters of credit up to the 
aggregate principal amount of $40 million outstanding at any one 
time pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents, which 
authorization is without prejudice to the Debtors' request for 
authorization at the final hearing on the Motion to borrow funds 
and obtain Letters of Credit in such amounts as are permissible 
under the Loan Documents, which Loan Documents are hereby 
approved in all respects (including all rights and remedies set 
forth or referred to in the Loan Documents).
9. The Debtors are authorized to do and perform all 
acts, to make, execute and deliver all instruments and documents 
(including, without limitation, the execution of the Loan 
Documents and Letter of Credit applications and reimbursement
agreements with third parties as contemplated by the Loan 
Documents, all of which are hereby approved) and to pay all fees 
and other amounts which may be required or necessary for the 
performance of the Debtors under the terms of this Order, the 
PAGE
<PAGE>
Loan Documents and the interim financing hereby approved.
10. The Debtors' obligations to CITBC with respect 
to the indebtedness arising in respect of this interim approval 
of the CITBC Facility shall be joint and several, and are hereby 
authorized and granted superpriority administrative expense 
status, in accordance with 11 U.S.C. Section 364(c)(1), over any 
and all expenses and claims of each of the Debtors, whether 
heretofore or hereafter incurred, of the kind specified in 11 
U.S.C. Sections 105, 326, 328, 503(b), 506(c), 507(a), 507(b), 
726, or 1114 but shall be subject and subordinate only to:
(i) amounts payable to the United States 
Trustee pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
Section 1930(a)(6); and
(ii) the payment of allowed fees and expenses of 
the attorneys, accountants and other 
professionals retained in the chapter 11 
case pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Sections 327 and 
1103, by the Debtors or any official 
committee, not to exceed $5 million in the 
aggregate outstanding at any time 
(inclusive of any holdbacks on interim 
compensation required by this Court) (the 
"Professional Expense Cap"); provided, 
however, that (a) after the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Event of 
Default any payments actually made to such 
professionals after or during such period,
PAGE
<PAGE>
under 11 U.S.C. Sections 330 and 331 or 
otherwise, in respect of fees and expenses 
shall reducethe Professional Expense Cap 
and (b) if any such Event of Default shall 
have been cured, the Professional Expense 
Cap shall be reinstated to $5 million.
All of the dollar amounts set forth in subparagraphs (i) and 
(ii) are collectively referred to as the "Carveout". No other 
claim or expense, having a priority senior or pari passu to that 
granted to CITBC in this Order, shall be granted in these 
chapter 11 cases, or any superseding chapter 7 cases, while any 
portion of the Obligations, the CITBC Facility or the commitment 
thereunder remains outstanding.
11. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Debtors shall 
be permitted to pay, as the same may become due and payable (i) 
administrative expenses of the kind specified in 11 U.S.C. 
Section 503(b) incurred in the ordinary course of their 
businesses and (ii) subject to the provisions of Paragraph 10 
hereof, compensation and reimbursement of expenses to 
professionals allowed and payable under 11 U.S.C. Sections 330 
and 331.
12. As security for the full and timely payment and 
performance of each of the Obligations of the Debtors with 
respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit under and pursuant 
to the Loan Documents and the CITBC Facility authorized hereby, 
PAGE
<PAGE>
CITBC is hereby granted (in each of the above-captioned chapter 
11 cases), pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 364(c)(2), a first 
priority lien on and security interest in all of the Letter of 
Credit Cash Collateral, senior to all other liens and security 
interests therein.
13. The lien and security interest granted to CITBC 
with respect to the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral and the 
Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account hereunder shall not be 
subordinated to or pari passu with any other lien or security 
interest, however arising, including but not limited to under 11 
U.S.C. Section 364(d) or otherwise.
14. (a) The lien and security interest in favor of 
CITBC with respect to the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral and 
the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account described herein 
and in the Loan Documents shall be deemed valid, binding, 
enforceable and perfected upon entry of this Order;
(b) CITBC shall not be required to file any 
financing statements, notice of lien or similar instruments in 
any jurisdiction or filing office, or to take possession of the 
Letter of Credit Cash Collateral, or to take any other action in 
order to validate or perfect the lien and security interest with 
respect to the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral or the Letter of
Credit Cash Collateral Account granted by or pursuant to this 
Order or pursuant to the Loan Documents;
(c) Should CITBC, in its sole discretion, from 
time to time, choose to file such financing statements, notices 
PAGE
<PAGE>
of lien or similar instruments, take possession of any 
collateral securing the indebtedness hereby authorized, or take 
any other action to validate or perfect any such security 
interest or lien, all such documents shall be deemed to have 
been filed or recorded at the time and on the date of entry of 
this Order; and
(d) A certified photocopy of this Order may, in 
the discretion of CITBC, be filed with or recorded in filing or 
recording offices in addition to or in lieu of such financing 
statements, notices of lien or similar instruments, and all 
filing offices are hereby directed to accept such certified copy 
of this Order for filing and recording.
15. In making decisions to make advances to or issue 
Letters of Credit under the Loan Documents or to collect the 
indebtedness and Obligations of the Debtors or to exercise any 
other rights under the Loan Documents, CITBC shall not be deemed 
to be in control of the operations of the Debtors or to be 
acting as a "responsible person" or "owner or operator" with 
respect to the operation or management of the Debtors (as such 
terms, or any similar terms, are used in the United States 
Comprehensive, Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act, as amended, or any similar Federal or state 
statute).
16. The provisions of this Order shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of CITBC, the Debtors and their 
respective successors and assigns (including, without
PAGE
<PAGE>
limitation, any chapter 11 or chapter 7 trustee or other 
fiduciary hereafter appointed for any of the Debtors or with 
respect to any of their respective properties and any purchaser 
of an assignment of all or a portion of CITBC's interest in the 
CITBC Facility);
17. The Debtors shall promptly mail copies of this 
Order to (a) their respective twenty (20) largest unsecured 
creditors or a committee of unsecured creditors and its counsel, 
if one has been appointed, (b) The Office of the United States 
Trustee for the District of Maryland, (c) CITBC, (d) any other 
party which has filed, as of the date hereof, a request for 
notices with the Clerk of the Court, and (e) the Securities 
Exchange Commission. Any other further obligation for notice of 
the relief granted herein be, and hereby is, dispensed with and 
waived.
18. Except as otherwise provided for in the Loan 
Documents, no order (i) dismissing the chapter 11 case of any of 
the Debtors under 11 U.S.C. Sections 305 or 1112 or otherwise 
shall be entered unless prior to the entry thereof all 
obligations and indebtedness owing to CITBC under the Loan 
Documents shall have been paid in full in Cash and all 
outstanding Letters of Credit shall have been terminated or cash 
collateralized in accordance with the provisions of the Loan 
Documents, and CITBC's obligation to make loans and issue 
Letters of Credit has been terminated; (ii) converting any of
the Debtors' chapter 11 casesunder 11 U.S.C. Section 1112 or 
PAGE
<PAGE>
otherwise shall be entered unless such order expressly provides 
that the priority of the claims of CITBC granted herein shall be 
senior in right of payment to any claim allowed under 11 U.S.C. 
Section 503(b) which is incurred or arises on or after the date 
of such order, notwithstanding the provisions of 11 U.S.C. 
Section 726(b); or (iii) confirming any plan of reorganization 
in any of the Debtors' chapter 11 cases shall be entered unless 
such order provides for the payment in full in Cash of all 
obligations and indebtedness payable or owing to CITBC under the 
Loan Documents and the termination or cash collateralization of 
all outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with the 
provisions of the Loan Documents, on or before the effective 
date of, or substantial consummation of, the plan of 
reorganization that is the subject of such order.
19. The provisions of this Order shall be effective 
immediately upon entry of this Order by the Court and any 
actions taken pursuant hereto shall survive entry of, and shall 
govern with respect to any conflict with, any Order which may be 
entered confirming any plan of reorganization or which may be 
entered converting any Debtor's chapter 11 case from chapter 11 
to chapter 7. The terms and provisions of this Order, as well 
as the priority of CITBC's claims, lien and security interest in
the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral and Letter of Credit Cash 
Collateral Account, and all rights of CITBC and Obligations of 
each Debtor created or arising pursuant hereto or the Loan 
Documents, shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of 
PAGE
<PAGE>
each of the Debtors, enforceable against each such Debtor in 
accordance with its terms, and shall continue in the Debtors' 
chapter 11 cases and in any superseding chapter 7 cases under 
the Bankruptcy Code, and such claims, lien and security interest 
shall maintain their priority as provided by this Order until 
satisfied and discharged in accordance with the terms of the 
Loan Documents.
20. Consistent with 11 U.S.C. Section 364(e), if any 
or all of the provisions of this Order are hereafter modified, 
vacated or stayed:
(a) such stay, modification or vacation shall 
not affect the validity of any obligation, indebtedness, 
liability, security interest or lien granted or incurred by any 
Debtor to CITBC prior to the effective date of such stay, 
modification or vacation, or the validity and enforceability of 
any security interest, lien, priority or right authorized or 
created hereby pursuant to the documents; and
(b) any indebtedness, obligation or liability 
incurred by the Debtors to CITBC prior to the effective date of 
such stay, modification or vacation shall be governed in all 
respects by the provisions of this Order, and CITBC shall be 
entitled to all the rights, remedies, privileges and benefits,
including the priority, security interest and lien granted 
herein and pursuant to the Loan Documents, with respect to any 
such indebtedness, obligation or liability.
21. All advances under the Loan Documents (including 
the issuance of Letters of Credit by CITBC or other Letter of 
PAGE
<PAGE>
Credit Issuers) are made in reliance upon this Order, and, 
therefore, the indebtedness evidenced by such advances (and 
reimbursement obligations relating to Letters of Credit) prior 
to the effective date of any stay, modification or vacation of 
this Order cannot (i) be subordinated (except as otherwise 
provided in this Order as to the Carveout), (ii) lose its first 
priority lien with respect to the Letter of Credit Cash 
Collateral and the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account or 
its superpriority claim status, or (iii) be deprived of the 
benefit of the status of the claims, lien and security interest 
in the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral and the Letter of Credit 
Cash Collateral Account granted to CITBC under this Order or the 
Loan Documents, as a result of any subsequent order in the 
Debtors' respective chapter 11 cases, or any superseding chapter 
7 cases.
22. Except as otherwise provided in the Loan 
Documents, so long as CITBC's commitment or any Obligation, 
liability or indebtedness under the Loan Documents and this 
Order shall remain outstanding, (i) the Debtors shall not, 
directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or permit to exist 
any security interest, encumbrance, lien or other security
arrangement of any kind, on or with respect to any of their 
respective assets, including, but not limited to, their 
inventory, or take or fail to take any action which would grant 
or create a lien or security interest in favor of any person 
(other than CITBC) in such assets and (ii) there shall not be 
entered in the Debtors' respective chapter 11 cases or any
PAGE
<PAGE>
subsequent chapter 7 cases any further order which authorizes 
under any section of the Bankruptcy Code, including 11 U.S.C. 
Sections 105, 363 or 364, the procurement of credit or the 
incurring of indebtedness secured by a lien or which is entitled 
to superpriority administrative status which is equal to or 
superior to that granted to CITBC herein, unless in each 
instance (x) CITBC shall have given its prior written consent 
thereto and no such consent shall ever be implied from any other 
action, inaction or acquiescence by CITBC or (y) such other 
order requires that the Obligations be indefeasibly paid in full 
and discharged.
23. Subject to the provisions of the Loan Documents, 
and upon the expiry of five days after CITBC shall have filed 
with the Bankruptcy Court an affidavit identifying any default 
or Event of Default under the Loan Documents and served the same 
by hand delivery, telecopier or overnight mail upon counsel to 
the Debtors and any official creditors' committee appointed in 
these cases, the automatic stay provisions of 11 U.S.C. 
Section 362 are vacated and modified to the extent necessary so 
as to permit CITBC to exercise all rights and remedies provided 
for in the Loan Documents, without filing further pleadings or 
application to or order of this Court, upon the occurrence and 
continuance of any Event of Default as defined in the Loan 
Documents (collectively, "Events of Default"). Upon the 
occurrence of any Event of Default, CITBC shall be relieved of 
any and all
<PAGE> <PAGE>
obligations to make additional advances. Subject only to the 
provisions of the Loan Documents, CITBC shall be and is hereby 
authorized, in its discretion, to take any and all actions and 
remedies which CITBC may deem appropriate to proceed against and 
realize upon its collateral, including, without limitation, (x) 
application of any Letter of Credit Cash Collateral in 
accordance with the Loan Documents and (y) resort to the Letter 
of Credit Cash Collateral and the Letter of Credit Cash 
Collateral Account in accordance with the Loan Documents; and 
the Debtors hereby are directed to cooperate with CITBC in the 
exercise of such rights.
24. To the extent any of the terms and conditions of 
the Loan Documents are in conflict with the terms and conditions 
of this Order, the provisions and intent of this Order shall 
control.
25. The Final Hearing on this Motion, pursuant to 
Fed. R. Bankr. P. 4001, shall be held on February 1, 1994 at 
10:00 a.m. in Courtroom 9C, United States Bankruptcy Court, 101 
West Lombard Street, Baltimore, Maryland.
26. Service of this Order, the Motion and upon 
request, the exhibits attached to the Motion, by the Debtors
upon (i) their respective 20 largest unsecured creditors or a 
committee of unsecured creditors, and its counsel, if one has 
been appointed, (ii) the Office of the United States Trustee for 
the District of Maryland, (iii) CITBC, (iv) all parties who have 
filed requests for notice under Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2002, and (v) 
PAGE
<PAGE>
the Securities Exchange Commission, by first class mail on or 
before January 24, 1994, shall constitute good and sufficient 
notice of the Final Hearing on the Motion.
27. Objections, if any, to the relief sought in the 
Motion shall be in writing, shall set forth with particularity 
the grounds for such objections or other statement of position, 
shall be filed with the Clerk of the Bankruptcy Court, the 
Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Maryland 
and personally served upon the attorneys for the Debtors, 
Swidler & Berlin, Chartered, 3000 K Street, N.W., Suite 3000, 
Washington, D.C. 20007-5116, Attention: Roger Frankel, Esq., and 
the attorneys for CITBC, Schulte Roth & Zabel, 900 Third Avenue, 
New York, NY 10022, Attention: Mark A. Neporent, Esq., so that 
they are delivered on or before 5:00 p.m. E.S.T. on January 21, 
1994.
28. The Clerk of Court is hereby directed to 
forthwith enter this order on the docket of this Court 
maintained with regard to this case.

Dated: Baltimore, Maryland
January 21, 1994

/s/ 
United States Bankruptcy Judge
cc: Debtor's Counsel
U.S. Trustee

man\15386\014\intr-ord.3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
##

Merry-Go-Round
Enterprises, Inc.
January 11, 1994
Page #

##

THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC.
1211 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10036

January 11, 1994

Merry-Go-Round Enterprises, Inc.
3300 Fashion Way
Joppa, Maryland 21085-3205
Attention: Mr. Isaac Kaufman
Chief Financial Officer

Re: DIP Financing Commitment

Dear Mr. Kaufman:

Reference is made to the letter of even date herewith 
(the "Commitment Letter"), from The CIT Group/Business Credit, 
Inc. ("CIT") to Merry-Go-Round Enterprises, Inc. (the "Parent") 
and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries party thereto 
(collectively, the "Subsidiaries") concerning a $125 million 
debtor-in-possession revolving credit facility (the "Financing 
Facility") proposed to be made available by CIT to the Parent, 
as debtor-in-possession. All capitalized terms used and not 
defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed 
thereto in the Commitment Letter. This letter will supplement 
the Commitment Letter by setting forth the arrangement relating 
to compensation for certain services rendered and to be rendered 
by CIT.

The Companies agree, jointly and severally, to pay to 
CIT a non-refundable facility fee in connection with the 
Financing Facility (the "Facility Fee") of $1,250,000. The 
Companies have previously advanced to CIT $275,000, (i) $150,000 
of which constitutes a deposit (the "Deposit") to fund the 
Expenses incurred by CIT and (ii) $125,000 of which constitutes 
a non-refundable up-front fee (which CIT shall credit against 
the Facility Fee upon the approval of the Interim Order by the 
Bankruptcy Court). If less than $150,000 of Expenses are 
incurred by or on behalf of CIT prior to the date on which the 
Bankruptcy Court approves the Interim Order, the unused portion 
of the Deposit will be returned to the Companies.

The balance of the Facility Fee shall be payable as 
follows:

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
(i) on the date the Commitment Letter is executed 
and delivered to CIT by the Companies, the 
Companies shall pay $200,000 to CIT;

(ii) on the date the Bankruptcy Court enters the 
Interim Order, the Companies shall pay $325,000 
to CIT; and

(iii) on the date the Bankruptcy Court enters the 
Final Order, the Companies shall pay $600,000 to 
CIT; provided, however, that if the entry of the 
Final Order occurs prior to the entry of the 
Interim Order, $925,000 shall be paid to CIT on 
the date of entry of the Final Order.

It is acknowledged and agreed that references to 
"this commitment letter" contained in the indemnification 
paragraph of the Commitment Letter are understood to refer to 
the Commitment Letter as supplemented by this letter.

Each of the Companies agrees not to make any public 
or private disclosure to third parties (other than its advisors 
from whom it shall obtain their agreement not to make further 
disclosure or as required by any governmental agency or 
representative thereof or pursuant to legal process) of this 
letter or its contents until such time as CIT may consent to 
such disclosure.

This letter shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of laws 
provisions thereof, and shall be binding upon the Companies and 
CIT and their respective successors and assigns. This letter 
may only be amended, modified or waived in a writing signed by 
the parties hereto.

CIT's offers contained in this letter and in the 
Commitment Letter can only be accepted by your acceptance and 
execution of both such letters on or before January 14, 1994.

If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please 
sign and return an enclosed counterpart of this letter 
concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Commitment 
Letter.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
This letter may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of 
which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement.

Very truly yours,

THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC.

By: 
Name:
Title:

Agreed and accepted on
January , 1994.

MERRY-G0-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC.

By:/s/ 
Name:
Title:

MGRR, INC.

By:/s/ 
Name:
Title:

MGR DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION

By:/s/ 
Name:
Title:

4173/BLUSEC

man/15386/dip-comm.lt2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3
<TEXT>
##

##
## -#-
4169/BLUSEC##
15386098.G

REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 
14, 1994, among MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC., a Maryland 
corporation ("MGRE"), MGR DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION, a Maryland 
corporation ("MGRD", and together with MGRE, collectively, the 
"Borrowers" and individually, a "Borrower"), MGRR, INC., a 
Delaware corporation (the "Guarantor"), the financial 
institutions from time to time party hereto (collectively, the 
"Lenders" and individually, a "Lender"), and THE CIT 
GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC. ("CIT"), as agent for the Lenders 
(in such capacity, the "Agent").

BACKGROUND

On January 11, 1994, the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
filed a petition under chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United 
States Code. The Borrowers have requested the Lenders to 
provide the Borrowers with a $125 million revolving credit 
facility including a $90 million subfacility for the issuance 
of letters of credit (which facility shall be limited to $50 
million with a $40 million subfacility for the issuance of 
letters of credit until the Final Bankruptcy Court Order (as 
hereinafter defined) shall have been duly entered), and, 
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the 
Lenders have agreed to provide such facility.

In consideration of the mutual covenants herein 
contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE
DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION

1.0 Certain Definitions. In addition to other words 
and terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, as used herein 
the following words and terms shall have the following 
meanings, respectively, unless the context hereof otherwise 
clearly requires:

"Affiliate" of a Person shall mean any Person which 
directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled by, or is 
under common control with, such Person. The term "control" 
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of 
a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, 
by contract or otherwise.

"Agent Account" shall mean an account in the name of 
the Agent designated to the Borrowers from time to time into 
which the Borrowers shall make all payments to the Agent under 
this Agreement.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
"Agent Advances" shall have the meaning given that 
term in Section 12.08 hereof.

"Agreed Administrative Expense Priorities" shall mean 
that administrative expenses with respect to the Borrowers and 
the Guarantor and, with respect to clause (ii) of clause first, 
any official committee appointed by the Bankruptcy Court, shall 
have the following order of priority:

first, (i) amounts payable pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 
Section 1930(a)(6) and (ii) allowed fees and expenses of 
attorneys and accountants retained in the Chapter 11 Cases 
pursuant to SectionSection 327 and 1103 of the Bankruptcy 
Code, but the amount entitled to priority under clause 
(ii) of this clause first ("Priority Professional 
Expenses") shall not exceed $5 million in the aggregate at 
any time (inclusive of any holdbacks required by the 
Bankruptcy Court) (the "Professional Expense Cap"); 
provided, however, that (A) after the occurrence of an 
Event of Default any payments actually made to such 
professionals after such occurrence or during such 
continuance, under Sections 330 and 331 of the Bankruptcy 
Code or otherwise, shall reduce the Professional Expense 
Cap and (B) if any such Event of Default shall have been 
cured, the Professional Expense Cap shall be reinstated to 
$5 million,

second, all Obligations, and

third, all other allowed administrative expenses.

"Agreement" shall mean this Revolving Credit 
Agreement as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from 
time to time.

"Assignment and Acceptance" shall mean an assignment 
and acceptance entered into by CIT and an assignee, and accepted 
by the Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto.

"Availability Date" shall mean the first date on 
which each of the conditions set forth in Section 7.01 shall 
have been satisfied.

"Bank" shall mean Chemical Bank, a New York Banking 
Corporation, its successors or any other bank designated by 
Borrower to the Agent from time to time that is reasonably 
acceptable to the Agent.

"Bankruptcy Code" shall mean Title 11, United States 
Code, 11 U.S.C. SectionSection 101 et seq., as amended from time 
to time.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
"Bankruptcy Court" shall mean the United States 
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland or such other 
court having original jurisdiction over the Chapter 11 Cases.

"Benefit Plan" shall mean a defined benefit plan as 
defined in Section 3(35) of ERISA and subject to Title IV of 
ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan) in respect of which any 
of the Borrowers, the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate is or 
within the immediately preceding six (6) years was an "employer" 
as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.

"Book Value" shall mean, as to any Inventory in 
respect of which such amount is to be determined, the lower of 
(i) cost (as reflected in the general ledgers of a Borrower or 
MGRR) or (ii) market value (both cost and market value being 
determined in accordance with GAAP calculated on the first in 
first out basis).

"Borrower" or "Borrowers" shall have the meaning 
given that term in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

"Borrowers' Account" shall have the meaning given 
that term in Section 2.08(a) hereof.

"Borrowing Base" shall mean at any time an amount 
equal to the difference between (i) the sum of (A) 60% of the 
Book Value of Eligible Inventory and (B) 60% of the value of L/C 
Inventory and (ii) $2,500,000. If the Lenders determine, in 
their reasonable discretion based upon information previously 
unknown to the Lenders, that the Tax Refund will be received by 
MGRE on or before September 30, 1994, and the Lenders and MGRE 
agree in writing upon an advance rate for the Tax Refund, the 
Borrowing Base will be increased during the Tax Refund Period 
(as hereinafter defined) by an amount equal to the product of 
(A) such agreed upon advance rate and (B) the amount of the Tax 
Refund. For purposes of this definition, the Tax Refund Period 
shall mean the period commencing on the date, if any, on which 
MGRE and the Lenders enter into a written agreement with respect 
to the advance rate for the Tax Refund and ending on the 
earliest of (1) the date that the Lenders determine, in their 
sole discretion, that the Tax Refund will not be received by 
MGRE on or before September 30, 1994, (2) the date on which MGRE 
receives all or a portion of the Tax Refund, and (3) September 
30, 1994. Following the filing of the consolidated tax return 
filed by MGRE for its taxable year ended January 29, 1994, the 
Lenders agree to use their reasonable good faith efforts to 
determine (in their sole discretion) whether or not the Tax 
Refund will be received by MGRE. MGRE shall provide the Lenders 
with all information and documents requested by the Lenders to 
assist the Lenders with making such determination.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
"Borrowing Base Certificate" shall have the meaning 
given that term in Section 4.04(a) hereof.

"Borrowing Date" shall mean any date on which a Loan 
is made pursuant to Section 2.03, which date shall be a Business 
Day.

"Business Day" shall mean any day other than a 
Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions are 
authorized or obligated to close in New York, New York, 
provided, that with respect Eurodollar Loans, Business Day shall 
also mean a day on which dealings in Dollars are carried on in 
the London interbank market.

"Capital Expenditures" shall mean, for any period, 
the sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate amount of all 
expenditures, except interest capitalized during construction, 
during such period which, in accordance with GAAP, are required 
to be included in property, plant or equipment or similar fixed 
asset account plus (ii) the entire principal amount of any debt 
obligations (including obligations under leases which have been 
or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital 
leases, to the extent required to be so recorded) assumed in 
connection with any such expenditures.

"Capitalized Lease" shall mean at any time any lease 
which is required under GAAP to be capitalized on the balance 
sheet of the lessee at such time, and "Capitalized Lease 
Obligation" of any Person at any time shall mean the aggregate 
amount which is required under GAAP to be reported as a 
liability on the balance sheet of such Person at such time as 
lessee under a Capitalized Lease.

"Carve-Out Expenses" shall mean those amounts, fees, 
expenses and claims set forth in clause "first" of the 
definition of the term "Agreed Administrative Expense 
Priorities."

"Cash Concentration Account" shall mean the deposit 
account listed as the Cash Concentration Account on Schedule 
1.01(c) hereto and maintained by MGRE at the Cash Concentration 
Account Bank, which deposit account shall be under the sole 
dominion and control of the Agent.

"Cash Concentration Account Bank" shall mean Signet 
Bank or such other bank as MGRE may select with the written 
approval of the Agent.

"Cash Concentration Account Blockage Date" shall mean 
the date on which the Agent, after the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, instructs the Cash
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Concentration Account Bank, pursuant to the Restricted Account 
Agreement, to remit all amounts deposited in the Cash 
Concentration Account to the Agent or as the Agent shall direct.

"Chapter 11 Cases" shall mean the Borrowers' and the 
Guarantor's jointly administered reorganization cases under 
chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, pending in the Bankruptcy 
Court.

"CIT" shall have the meaning given that term in the 
introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

"Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and any successor statute of similar import, and 
regulations thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to 
time. References to sections of the Code shall be construed 
also to refer to any successor sections.

"Collateral" shall have the meaning given to such 
term in Section 5.01 hereof.

"Collection Accounts" shall mean the accounts 
maintained by MGRE and listed as the Collection Account on 
Schedule 1.01(c) hereto.

"Collection Account Agreements" shall have the 
meaning given that term in Section 5.02 hereto.

"Consolidated Subsidiary" of a Person at any time 
shall mean those Subsidiaries or other Affiliates of such Person 
whose accounts are or should in accordance with GAAP be 
consolidated with those of such Person.

"Contaminant" means any waste, pollutant, hazardous 
substance, toxic substance or hazardous waste, including any 
such substance regulated under any Environmental Law.

"Credit Extension" shall mean (a) the making of any 
Loan by a Lender or the Agent on behalf of the Lenders or (b) 
the issuance, or extension of the expiration date of, any Letter 
of Credit which CIT or any Lender assists the Borrowers in 
opening or establishing.

"Cumulative FIFO EBITDA" shall mean (i) for each 
fiscal month of MGRE up to and including the fiscal month ended 
January 28, 1995, the aggregate FIFO EBITDA for the period 
beginning January 30, 1994 and ending at the end of such fiscal 
month and (ii) for each fiscal month of MGRE after the fiscal 
month ended January 28, 1995, the aggregate FIFO EBITDA for the 
twelve month period ended at the end of such fiscal month.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
"Current Commitment" shall have the meaning assigned 
to that term in Section 2.01 hereof.

"Depository Accounts" shall mean the lock-box, 
blocked depository or deposit accounts maintained by the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor for the collection of the cash of 
the Borrowers and the Guarantor and the proceeds from the sale 
of the Inventory of the Borrowers.

"Designated Borrowing Officer" shall mean Frank 
Peters or Isaac Kaufman, or such other officer as shall be 
designated in writing by the Borrowers to the Agent.

"Designated Financial Officer" of a Person shall mean 
the individual designated from time to time by the Board of 
Directors or governing body performing like functions of such 
Person to be the chief financial officer or Treasurer of such 
Person (and individuals designated from time to time by the 
Board of Directors or governing body performing like functions 
of such Person to act in lieu of the chief financial officer or 
the Treasurer).

"Disbursement Account" shall mean the deposit account 
in the name of MGRE maintained at a bank in the United States 
designated by the Borrowers to CIT into which there shall be 
deposited proceeds of Loans and funds disbursed to the Borrowers 
by CIT.

"Dollar," "Dollars" and the symbol "$" shall mean 
lawful money of the United States of America.

"Eligible Inventory" shall mean finished goods 
Inventory of either of the Borrowers, which at the time of 
determination meets all the following qualifications:

(i) it is lawfully owned by such Borrower and not 
subject to any Lien, security interest or prior 
assignment, it is not held on consignment and 
may be lawfully sold;

(ii) it is (a) located in such Borrower's 
distribution center, warehouses or retail 
locations listed on Schedule 1.01(A) hereto; 
provided, however, that prior to the entry of 
the Final Bankruptcy Court Order, such Inventory 
must be located in (x) one of the jurisdictions 
listed on Schedule 1.01(B) hereto or (y) any 
other jurisdiction for which the Agent has 
received UCC searches or other evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent 
establishing the absence of any Liens on the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Inventory of such Borrower in such jurisdiction, 
or (b) located in other locations in the United 
States as the Agent shall have approved in 
writing from time to time, which approval shall 
be given upon such Borrower providing the Agent 
with evidence, reasonably satisfactory to the 
Agent, of the absence of any Liens on any assets 
of such Borrower located in such locations;

(iii) it is determined in the reasonable judgment 
of the Agent to be, when taken as a whole, 
substantially similar in quality and mix to 
the Inventory maintained by such Borrower 
in recent historical operations prior to 
the Filing Date; and

(iv) it is Inventory that has been valued after 
deducting reserves for (a) markdowns, (b) 
shrinkage, (c) lay-a-ways, (d) displays and open 
stock to the extent such stock is the type of 
stock that is customarily sold in the package, 
(e) rejected, damaged, aged or otherwise 
unsalable, and (f) other reserves required by 
the Agent in the exercise of its reasonable 
business judgement.

"Entry Date" shall mean the date the Interim 
Bankruptcy Court Order is entered.

"Environmental Law" means all federal, state and 
local laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations, now or 
hereafter in effect relating to the regulation and protection of 
human health, safety, the environment and natural resources. 
Environmental Laws include but are not limited to the 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability 
Act of 1980, as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.) 
("CERCLA"); the Hazardous Material Transportation Act, as 
amended (49 U.S.C. Section 180 et seq.); the Resource 
Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. Section 
6901 et seq.) ("RCRA"); the Toxic Substance Control Act, as 
amended (42 U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq.); the Clean Air Act, as 
amended (42 U.S.C. Section 740 et seq.); the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act, as amended (33 U.S.C. Section 1251 et 
seq.); and their state and local counterparts or equivalents.

"Environmental Liabilities and Costs" means, as to 
any Person, all liabilities, monetary obligations, Remedial 
Actions, losses, damages, punitive damages, consequential 
damages, treble damages, costs and expenses (including all 
reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, expert 
and consulting and costs of investigation and feasibility 
studies), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest incurred as a
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
result of any claim or demand by any other Person, and which 
relate to any environmental condition or a Release.

"Environmental Lien" means any Lien in favor of any 
Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities and Costs.

"ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute of 
similar import, and regulations thereunder, in each case as in 
effect from time to time. References to sections of ERISA shall 
be construed also to refer to any successor sections.

"ERISA Affiliate" shall mean any (i) corporation 
which is a member of the same controlled group of corporations 
(within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code) as either 
Borrower or the Guarantor, (ii) partnership or other trade or 
business (whether or not incorporated) under common control 
(within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code) with either 
Borrower or the Guarantor, or (iii) member of the same 
affiliated service group (within the meaning of Section 414(m) 
of the Code) as either Borrower, the Guarantor, any corporation 
described in clause (i) above or any partnership or trade or 
business described in clause (ii) above.

"Eurodollar Loan" shall mean a Loan bearing interest 
at the Eurodollar Rate.

"Eurodollar Rate" shall mean, with respect to a 
Eurodollar Loan for the relevant Interest Period, the rate 
determined by the Agent to be the rate at which deposits in 
Dollars are offered by Chemical Bank to first-class banks in the 
London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London 
time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period, in the approximate amount of the relevant Eurodollar 
Loan and having a maturity equal to such Interest Period.

"Event of Default" shall mean any of the Events of 
Default described in Section 10.01 hereof.

"Fee Letter" shall mean the letter agreement, dated 
January 11, 1994, among the Borrowers, the Guarantor and CIT 
obligating the Borrowers and the Guarantor to pay certain fees 
in connection with this Agreement, as such letter agreement may 
be modified, supplemented or amended from time to time.

"FIFO EBITDA" shall mean, for any period, the 
consolidated net income (or net loss) of MGRE and its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries for such period as determined in 
accordance with GAAP, plus (a) the sum of, without duplication 
the following for MGRE and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, (i) 
depreciation expense, (ii) amortization expense, (iii) the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
excess, if any, of gross interest expense for such period over 
gross interest income for such period, in each case determined 
in accordance with GAAP, (iv) total income tax expense, (v) 
extraordinary or unusual non-cash losses including extraordinary 
or unusual non-cash losses related to store closings (provided, 
that (A) such extraordinary or unusual losses do not at any time 
result in a cash outlay by MGRE or any of its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries and (B) such extraordinary or unusual losses do not 
result from the write-down of the Inventory of either Borrower), 
which include the cumulative effect on earnings from the 
adoption of GAAP pronouncements, and (vi) chapter 11 expenses 
(or administrative costs reflecting chapter 11 expenses) as 
shown on the consolidated statement of income of MGRE and its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries for such period not exceeding the 
aggregate amount of $16 million for any consecutive twelve month 
period, less (b) extraordinary non-cash gains.

"Filing Date" shall mean January 11, 1994.

"Final Bankruptcy Court Order" shall mean the order 
of the Bankruptcy Court approving the Loans made and to be made 
to the Borrowers in accordance with this Agreement in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Agent, substantially in the form 
of the Interim Bankruptcy Court Order, as the same may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time with the 
express written joinder or consent of the Agent, the Borrowers 
and the Guarantor.

"GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting 
principles as such principles shall be in effect in the United 
States at the Relevant Date.

"Governmental Authority" shall mean any nation or 
government, any federal, state, city, town, municipality, 
county, local or other political subdivision thereof or thereto 
and any department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality, 
agency or other entity exercising executive, legislative, 
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government.

"Guarantee" of or by any Person shall mean any 
obligation of such Person guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any 
other Person (the "primary obligor"), directly or indirectly 
through an agreement (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or 
supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness 
or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase 
of) any security for the payment of such Indebtedness, (ii) to 
purchase property, securities, or services for the purpose of 
assuring the owner of such Indebtedness against loss, or (iii) 
to maintain working capital, equity capital or other financial 
statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness; provided, 
however, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements 
for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course 
of business.

"Guarantor" shall have the meaning given that term in 
the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

"Indebtedness" shall mean as to any Person (i) 
indebtedness for borrowed money; (ii) indebtedness for the 
deferred purchase price of property or services (other than 
property including Inventory and services purchased in the 
ordinary course of business); (iii) indebtedness evidenced by 
bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments (other 
than performance, surety and appeal or other similar bonds 
arising in the ordinary course of business); (iv) obligations 
and liabilities secured by a Lien, claim or encumbrance, upon 
property owned by such Person, whether or not owing by such 
Person and even though such Person has not assumed or become 
liable for the payment thereof; (v) obligations and liabilities 
directly or indirectly Guaranteed by such Person; and (vi) 
obligations or liabilities created or arising under any 
conditional sales contract or other title retention agreement 
with respect to property used and/or acquired by such Person, 
even though the rights and remedies of the lessor, seller and/or 
lender thereunder are limited to repossession of such property.

"Indemnified Parties" shall have the meaning given 
that term in Section 11.06 hereof.

"Interest Period" shall mean, with respect to any 
Eurodollar Loan, the period commencing on the Borrowing Date or 
the date of any continuation or conversion for such Eurodollar 
Loan, as the case may be, and ending one, three or six months 
thereafter as a Borrower may elect in the applicable notice 
given to the Agent pursuant to Section 2.03 and/or Section 2.15; 
provided that (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end 
on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the 
next succeeding Business Day, unless such Business Day falls in 
another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall 
end on the next preceding Business Day; (ii) any Interest Period 
that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month or on a 
day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month at the end of such Interest Period shall end on 
the last Business Day of the applicable calendar month; and 
(iii) no Interest Period for any Loan shall end after the 
Termination Date. Interest shall accrue from and include the 
first date of an Interest Period but exclude the last day of 
such Interest Period.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
"Interim Bankruptcy Court Order" shall mean the order 
of the Bankruptcy Court with respect to the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor in the form of Exhibit B hereto, as the same may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time with the 
express written joinder or consent of the Agent, the Borrowers 
and the Guarantor.

"Inventory" shall mean, with respect to either 
Borrower, all goods held for sale or eventual sale by such 
Borrower in the normal course of business, provided that 
Inventory shall not include inventory held by such Borrower on 
consignment.

"Law" shall mean any law (including common law), 
constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, 
order, injunction, writ, decree or award of any Governmental 
Authority.

"L/C Inventory" shall mean the undrawn stated amount 
of documentary Letters of Credit for the importation of finished 
goods Inventory.

"Lenders" shall have the meaning given that term in 
the introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

"Letter of Credit" shall have the meaning given to 
that term in Section 3.01.

"Letter of Credit Application" shall have the meaning 
given to that term in Section 3.01 hereof.

"Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account" shall mean 
the deposit account maintained at Chemical Bank in New York, New 
York or such other bank as CIT may select which deposit account 
shall be under the sole dominion and control of CIT.

"Letter of Credit Exposure" at any time shall mean 
the sum at such time of (a) the aggregate amount of all 
Unreimbursed Draws under Letters of Credit (whether or not such 
Letters of Credit are then outstanding) and (b) the aggregate 
Undrawn Letter of Credit Availability under all outstanding 
Letters of Credit.

"Letter of Credit Fee" shall have the meaning given 
to that term in Section 2.08(f) hereof.

"Letter of Credit Guaranty" shall mean the guaranty 
delivered by CIT to the Letter of Credit Issuer, guaranteeing 
either Borrower's reimbursement obligations under a 
reimbursement agreement, Letter of Credit Application or other 
like document.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
"Letter of Credit Issuer" shall mean the issuer of a 
Letter of Credit, which issuer shall be mutually acceptable to 
the Agent and MGRE.

"Lien" shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, 
pledge, lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance or 
security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, including but not 
limited to any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, 
and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or 
having the effect of, security.

"Loan" or "Loans" shall mean any and all loan or 
loans (including Unreimbursed Draws) made by the Lenders or by 
the Agent on behalf of the Lenders to the Borrower under this 
Agreement.

"Loan Documents" shall have the meaning given to that 
term in the definition of "Related Documents" set forth in this 
Section 1.01.

"Majority Lenders" shall mean, at any time, the Agent 
and Lenders whose Pro Rata Shares aggregate at least sixty-six 
and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%).

"Material Adverse Effect" shall mean a material 
adverse effect upon (i) the business, operations, condition 
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of MGRE and its 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor, to perform their obligations 
hereunder, under the Fee Letter or under any other Related 
Document, (iii) the legality, validity or enforceability of this 
Agreement or any Related Document, or (iv) the aggregate value 
of the property included in the calculation of the Borrowing 
Base.

"MGRD" shall have the meaning given that term in the 
introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

"MGRE" shall have the meaning given that term in the 
introductory paragraph to this Agreement.

"Monthly Compliance Certificate" shall have the 
meaning given that term in Section 8.01(c) hereof.

"Multiemployer Plan" shall mean a "multiemployer 
plan" as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and subject to 
Title IV of ERISA which is, or within the immediately preceding 
six (6) years was, contributed to by either Borrower, the 
Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
"Notes" shall mean the promissory notes of the 
Borrowers executed and delivered to the Lenders under this 
Agreement and substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, as 
modified or restated from time to time and any promissory note 
or notes issued in exchange or replacement thereof, including 
all extensions, renewals, refinancings or refundings thereof in 
whole or part.

"Obligations" shall mean all post-Filing Date 
indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of either Borrower or 
the Guarantor to any Lender or the Agent incurred under or 
related to this Agreement, the Notes, the Fee Letter or any 
other Related Document, whether such indebtedness, obligations 
or liabilities are direct or indirect, secured or unsecured, 
joint or several, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, 
whether for payment or performance, now existing or hereafter 
arising, which are described in either of the following clauses 
(i) or (ii):

(i) All indebtedness, obligations (including 
Reimbursement Obligations) and liabilities of any 
nature whatsoever, including amounts due under 
Section 11.06 hereof and similar agreements contained 
in the other Related Documents, from time to time 
arising under or in connection with or evidenced or 
secured by this Agreement, the Notes, the Letters of 
Credit or any other Related Document, including but 
not limited to the principal amount of Loans 
outstanding, together with interest thereon, the 
amount of the Letter of Credit Exposure, together 
with interest thereon and all expenses, fees and 
indemnities hereunder or under any other Related 
Document. Without limitation, such amounts include 
all Loans and interest thereon and the amount of all 
Letter of Credit Exposure whether or not such Loans 
were made or any Letters of Credit to which such 
Letter of Credit Exposure relates were issued in 
compliance with the terms and conditions hereof or in 
excess of any Lender's obligation to lend and arrange 
for the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder or 
any Lender's obligation to participate therein. If 
and to the extent any amounts in any account 
(including the Agent Account, the Letter of Credit 
Cash Collateral Account, the Depository Accounts, the 
Collection Account, the Cash Concentration Account or 
otherwise) constituting collateral are applied to 
Obligations hereunder, and any Lender or the Agent is 
subsequently obligated to return or repay any such 
amounts to any Person for any reason, the amount so 
returned or repaid shall be deemed a Loan hereunder 
and shall constitute an Obligation.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
(ii) All indebtedness, obligations and 
liabilities from time to time arising under or in 
connection with any account from time to time 
maintained by either Borrower or the Guarantor with 
any Lender or the Agent, including but not limited to 
all Reimbursement Obligations, service charges and 
interest in connection with any overdrafts or 
returned items from time to time arising in 
connection with any such account, or arising under or 
in connection with any investment services, cash 
management services or other services from time to 
time performed by any Lender or the Agent pursuant to 
or in connection with this Agreement or any other 
Related Document.

"Office" when used in connection with the Agent shall 
mean its office located at 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New 
York, New York 10036 or at such other office or offices of the 
Agent as may be designated in writing from time to time by the 
Agent to MGRE and when used in connection with the Bank or the 
Letter of Credit Issuer shall mean the office of such entity 
designated in writing from time to time by the Agent to MGRE. 
In the event Chemical Bank shall be the Bank or the Letter of 
Credit Issuer, the Office for such entity shall until further 
written notice from the Agent to MGRE be its office located at 
55 Water Street, New York, New York 10004.

"PBGC" shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation or any successor thereto.

"Permitted Liens" shall have the meaning given that 
term in Section 9.03 hereof.

"Person" shall mean an individual, corporation, 
partnership, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, 
joint-stock company, government (including political 
subdivisions), Governmental Authority or agency, or any other 
entity.

"Plan" shall mean an employee benefit plan defined in 
Section 3(3) of ERISA in respect of which the Borrower, the 
Guarantors or any ERISA Affiliate is, or within the immediately 
preceding six (6) years was, an "employer" as defined in Section 
3(5) of ERISA.

"Potential Default" shall mean any event or condition 
which has occurred or exists which with notice or passage of 
time, or any combination of the foregoing, would constitute an 
Event of Default.

"Prime Loan" shall mean a Loan bearing interest at 
the Regular Rate.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
"Prime Rate" shall mean the interest rate per annum 
publicly announced from time to time by Chemical Bank in New 
York, New York as its Prime Rate, such interest rate to change 
automatically from time to time effective as of the announced 
effective date of each change in the Prime Rate. The Prime Rate 
is not intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by 
Chemical Bank to its borrowers.

"Priority Professional Expenses" shall mean those 
expenses entitled to a priority as set forth in clause (ii) of 
the clause "first" of the definition of the term "Agreed 
Administrative Expense Priorities".

"Pro Rata Share" shall mean, with respect to any 
Lender, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), the numerator of 
which shall be the amount of such Lender's Revolving Credit 
Commitment and the denominator of which shall be the aggregate 
amount of all of the Lenders' Revolving Credit Commitments, as 
adjusted from time to time in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 11.13 hereof, provided that, if the Revolving Credit 
Commitments have been terminated, the numerator shall be the 
unpaid amount of such Lender's Loans and Letter of Credit 
Exposure and the denominator shall be the aggregate amount of 
all of the Lenders' unpaid Loans and Letter of Credit Exposure.

"Register" shall have the meaning given that term in 
Section 11.13(c) hereof.

"Regular Rate" shall mean, for any day, the Prime 
Rate for such day plus 1%.

"Reimbursement Obligation" shall mean the joint and 
several obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse CIT or the 
Lenders for amounts payable by CIT or the Lenders under a Letter 
of Credit Guaranty in respect of any drawings made under any 
Letter of Credit issued by the Letter of Credit Issuer, together 
with interest thereon.

"Related Documents" or "Loan Documents" means this 
Agreement, the Notes, the Letters of Credit, each Letter of 
Credit Application, each Letter of Credit Guaranty, the Interim 
Bankruptcy Order, if any, the Final Bankruptcy Court Order, the 
Fee Letter, the other documents, instruments and agreements 
referred to in Section 7.01 hereof, and all other instruments, 
agreements and documents from time to time delivered in 
connection with or otherwise relating to any Related Document.

"Release" means, as to any Person, any release, 
spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, 
discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration by such Person of a 
Contaminant into the indoor or outdoor environment or into or
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
out of any property owned by such Person or any of its 
Subsidiaries, including the movement of Contaminants through or 
in the air, soil, surface water, groundwater or property.

"Relevant Date" shall mean the time a relevant 
computation or determination is to be made or the date of 
relevant financial statements.

"Remedial Action" means all actions required by a 
Governmental Authority to (i) clean up, remove, treat or in any 
other way address Contaminants in the indoor or outdoor 
environment; (ii) prevent a Release or condition that is 
reasonably likely to result in a Release or minimize further 
release of Contaminants so they do not migrate or endanger or 
threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or 
outdoor environment; or (iii) perform pre-remedial studies and 
investigations and post-remedial monitoring and care, unless 
such action shall have been stayed or enjoined by a court of 
competent jurisdiction.

"Reportable Event" shall mean any of the events 
described in Sections 4043(b) of ERISA (other than events for 
which the notice requirements have been waived).

"Reserve Requirement" means, with respect to any 
Interest Period, the reserve percentage (expressed as a decimal) 
equal to the aggregate reserve requirement (including, without 
limitation, any marginal, basic, emergency, supplemental or 
other reserves and taking into account any transitional 
adjustments or other scheduled changes in reserve requirements) 
specified under regulations issued from time to time by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System under 
Regulation D as being then applicable to assets or liabilities 
of any member bank of the Federal Reserve Systems (whether or 
not applicable to a Lender) consisting of and including 
"Eurocurrency liabilities" (as such term is from time to time 
defined in Regulation D) with maturities comparable to such 
Interest Period, but without the benefit or credit for 
proration, exemptions or offsets that might otherwise be 
available from time to time under Regulation D.

"Restricted Account Agreement" shall have the meaning 
given to that term in Section 5.02.

"Revolving Credit Commitment" shall mean, with 
respect to each Lender, the amount set forth on Schedule 1.02 to 
this Agreement or assigned to such Lender in accordance with 
Section 11.13, as such amount may be reduced from time to time 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and "Revolving Credit 
Commitments" shall, collectively, mean the aggregate amount of 
the Revolving Credit Commitments of all the Lenders, the maximum
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
amount of which shall not exceed $50 million during the period 
when the Interim Bankruptcy Court Order is in effect and $125 
million during the period when the Final Bankruptcy Court Order 
is in effect.

"Settlement Period" shall have the meaning set forth 
in Section 2.03(e)(ii) hereof.

"Stated Amount" of a Letter of Credit shall mean the 
face amount thereof, drawn or undrawn, regardless of the 
existence or satisfaction of any conditions or limitations on 
drawing.

"Subsidiary" shall mean, with respect to any Person, 
any corporation, limited or general partnership, trust, 
association or other business entity of which an aggregate of 
50% or more of the outstanding stock or other interests entitled 
to vote in the election of the board of directors of such 
corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any 
other class or classes of such corporation shall have or might 
have voting power by reason of the happening of any 
contingency), managers, trustees or other controlling persons, 
or an equivalent controlling interest therein, of such Person 
is, at the time, directly or indirectly, owned or controlled by 
such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

"Tax Refund" shall mean the Federal income tax refund 
claimed by MGRE from the Internal Revenue Service in the 
consolidated Federal income tax return to be filed by MGRE for 
its taxable year ended January 29, 1994.

"Termination Date" shall have the meaning given that 
term in Section 2.01(a) hereof.

"Termination Event" shall mean (i) a Reportable Event 
with respect to any Benefit Plan, other than the commencement of 
the Chapter 11 Cases; (ii) the withdrawal of either Borrower, 
the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate from a Benefit Plan during 
a plan year in which either Borrower, the Guarantor or any ERISA 
Affiliate was a "substantial employer" as defined in Section 
4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (iii) the imposition of an obligation on 
either Borrower, the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate under 
Section 4041 of ERISA to provide affected parties written notice 
of intent to terminate a Benefit Plan in a distress termination 
described in Section 4041(c) of ERISA; (iv) the institution by 
the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Benefit Plan; or (v) the 
partial or complete withdrawal of either Borrower, the Guarantor 
or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan.

"Undrawn Letter of Credit Availability" with respect 
to a Letter of Credit at any time shall mean the maximum amount
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at such time, 
regardless of the existence or satisfaction of any conditions or 
limitations on drawing.

"Unreimbursed Draws" with respect to a Letter of 
Credit at any time shall mean the aggregate amount at such time 
of all payments made by a Letter of Credit Issuer or payments 
made by CIT or the Lenders under a Letter of Credit Guaranty in 
respect of such payments under such Letter of Credit, to the 
extent not repaid by the Borrowers.

"Unused Line Fee" shall have the meaning given to 
that term in Section 2.08(c).

"WARN" shall mean the Worker Adjustment and 
Retraining Notification Act, as amended, and any successor 
statute of similar import, and regulations thereunder, in each 
case as in effect from time to time.

1.0 Construction. Unless the context of this 
Agreement otherwise clearly requires, references to the plural 
include the singular, the singular the plural and the part the 
whole and "or" has the inclusive meaning represented by the 
phrase "and/or." References in this Agreement to 
"determination" by the Agent include good faith estimates by the 
Agent (in the case of quantitative determinations) and good 
faith beliefs by the Agent (in the case of qualitative 
determinations). The words "hereof," "herein," "hereunder" and 
similar terms in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a 
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. 
The section and other headings contained in this Agreement and 
the Table of Contents preceding this Agreement are for reference 
purposes only and shall not control or affect the construction 
of this Agreement or the interpretation thereof in any respect. 
Section, subsection and exhibit references are to this Agreement 
unless otherwise specified.

1.03. Accounting Principles. Except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, all computations and determinations 
as to accounting or financial matters and all financial 
statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be 
made and prepared in accordance with GAAP (including principles 
of consolidation where appropriate), and all accounting or 
financial terms shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms 
by GAAP.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
ARTICLE
THE CREDITS

2.0 Revolving Credit Loans.

The Revolving Credit Commitment. Subject 
to the terms and conditions and relying upon the representations 
and warranties herein set forth and subject to the Interim 
Bankruptcy Court Order and the Final Bankruptcy Court Order, 
each Lender severally agrees to make loans to the Borrowers (the 
"Loans") at any time and from time to time on or after the date 
hereof and to, but not including, the Termination Date (as 
defined below), in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding 
at any one time its Pro Rata Share of the Current Commitment at 
such time. The Current Commitment at any time shall be equal to 
the lesser of (A) $50 million during the period when the Interim 
Bankruptcy Court Order is in effect, and $125 million during the 
period when the Final Bankruptcy Court Order is in effect, as 
such amount may have been reduced under Section 2.04(a) hereof 
at such time, and (B) the Borrowing Base. No Lender shall have 
an obligation to make Loans hereunder or arrange for the 
issuance of Letters of Credit on or after the Termination Date 
or which, when added to the aggregate amount of all outstanding 
and contemporaneous Loans and the Letter of Credit Exposure at 
such time, would cause the amount of all Loans and the Letter of 
Credit Exposure at any time to exceed the Current Commitment at 
such time. The Termination Date means the date on which the 
Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender expires, which shall 
be the earliest of (i) January 18, 1994, if the Interim 
Bankruptcy Court Order has not been entered on or prior to such 
date, (ii) the date which is twenty-seven (27) months after the 
Entry Date, (iii) 30 days from the Entry Date if the Final 
Bankruptcy Court Order shall not have been entered during such 
30 day period, and (iv) the date of the substantial consummation 
(as defined in Section 1101(2) of the Bankruptcy Code) of a plan 
of reorganization in the Chapter 11 Cases that has been 
confirmed by an order of the Bankruptcy Court.

Revolving Credit. Within the limits of 
time and amount set forth in this Section 2.01, and subject to 
the provisions of this Agreement, the Borrowers may borrow, 
repay and reborrow hereunder.

2.0 Notes. The joint and several obligation of the 
Borrowers to repay the unpaid principal amount of the Loans made 
to them by each Lender and to pay interest thereon shall be 
evidenced in part by a Note dated the date of this Agreement in 
the principal amount of such Lender's Revolving Credit 
Commitment with the blanks appropriately filled in. An executed 
Note for each Lender, payable jointly and severally by the 
Borrowers, shall be delivered by the Borrowers to the Agent on 
the date of the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
2.0 Notice of Borrowing; Making of Loans.

Whenever the Borrowers desire to borrow, 
they shall provide notice to the Agent of such proposed 
borrowing, each such notice to be given (i) not later than 12:00 
noon (New York City time) on the date of such proposed 
borrowing, in the case of a borrowing consisting of Prime Loans, 
or (ii) not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the 
third Business Day before the date of such borrowing, in the 
case of a borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Loans, setting 
forth: (a) the date, which shall be a Business Day, on which 
such borrowing is to occur, (b) whether such Loan is requested 
to be a Prime Loan or a Eurodollar Loan and, if a Eurodollar 
Loan, the Interest Period requested with respect thereto, (c) 
the principal amount of the Loan being borrowed, and (d) the 
account information where such Loan is to be received. Such 
notice shall be given by telephone or in writing by a Designated 
Borrowing Officer, provided, that, if requested by the Agent, 
any such telephonic notice shall be confirmed in writing by 
delivery to the Agent on the date on which such Loan is to be 
made a notice containing the original or facsimile signature of 
a Designated Borrowing Officer. On the date specified in such 
notice, each Lender shall, subject to the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement, make its Pro Rata Share of such Loan in 
immediately available funds by wire transfer to the Agent at its 
Office not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time). Unless 
the Agent determines that any applicable conditions in Section 
7.02 have not been satisfied, the Agent shall make the funds so 
received from the Lenders available to the Borrowers not later 
than 2:30 p.m (New York City time), on the date specified in 
such notice in immediately available funds by (i) depositing 
such proceeds in the Disbursement Account if the Disbursement 
Account is located at the Bank and (ii) initiating a wire 
transfer if the Disbursement Account is not located at the Bank.

The Agent and each Lender shall be entitled 
to rely conclusively on each Designated Borrowing Officer's 
authority to request a Loan on behalf of the Borrowers until the 
Agent receives written notice to the contrary. The Agent and 
the Lenders shall have no duty to verify the authenticity of the 
signature appearing on any written notice of borrowing and, with 
respect to an oral request for a Loan, the Agent and the Lenders 
shall have no duty to verify the identity of any Person 
representing himself as a Designated Borrowing Officer.

The Agent and the Lenders shall not incur 
any liability to the Borrowers in acting upon any telephonic 
notice referred to above which the Agent and the Lenders believe 
in good faith to have been given by a Designated Borrowing 
Officer or for otherwise acting in good faith under this Section 
2.03 and, upon the funding of a Loan by the Lenders (or by the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Agent on behalf of the Lenders) in accordance with this 
Agreement pursuant to any such telephonic notice, the Borrowers 
shall have effected a Loan hereunder.

Each notice of borrowing pursuant to this 
Section 2.03 shall be irrevocable and the Borrowers shall be 
bound to make a borrowing in accordance therewith. Each Prime 
Loan shall be in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 and in multiples 
of $100,000 if in excess thereof, and each Eurodollar Loan shall 
be in a minimum amount of $2,000,000 and in multiples of 
$500,000 if in excess thereof.

(i) Except as otherwise provided in this 
subsection 2.03(e), all Loans under this Agreement shall jointly 
and severally be made by the Lenders simultaneously and 
proportionately to their Pro Rata Shares, it being understood 
that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other 
Lender in that other Lender's obligation to make a Loan 
requested hereunder nor shall the Revolving Credit Commitment of 
any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of the default 
by any other Lender in that other Lender's obligation to make a 
Loan requested hereunder.

(ii) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Agreement, and in order to reduce the number of fund 
transfers among the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Agent, the 
Borrowers, the Lenders and the Agent agree that the Agent may 
(but shall not be obligated to), and the Borrowers and the 
Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Agent to, fund, on 
behalf of the Lenders, Loans pursuant to subsection 2.01(a), 
subject to the procedures for settlement set forth in subsection 
2.03(f); provided, however, that (a) the Agent shall in no event 
fund such Loans if the Agent shall have received written notice 
from the Majority Lenders on the Business Day prior to the day 
of the proposed Loan that one or more of the conditions 
precedent contained in Section 7.02 will not be satisfied on the 
day of the proposed Loan, and (b) the Agent shall not otherwise 
be required to determine that, or take notice whether, the 
conditions precedent in Section 7.02 have been satisfied.

(iii) Unless (A) the Agent has notified 
the Lenders that the Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, will fund 
a particular Loan pursuant to subsection 2.03(e)(ii), or (B) the 
Agent shall have been notified by any Lender on the Business Day 
prior to the day of a proposed Loan that such Lender does not 
intend to make available to the Agent such Lender's Pro Rata 
Share of the Loan requested on such day, the Agent may assume 
that such Lender has made such amount available to the Agent on 
such day and the Agent, in its sole discretion, may, but shall 
not be obligated to, cause a corresponding amount to be made 
available to the Borrowers on such day. If the Agent makes such
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
corresponding amount available to the Borrowers and such 
corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Agent 
by such Lender, the Agent shall be entitled to recover such 
corresponding amount on demand from such Lender together with 
interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was 
due until the date such amount is paid to the Agent, at the 
customary rate set by the Agent for the correction of errors 
among banks for three Business Days and thereafter at the 
Regular Rate. During the period in which such Lender has not 
paid such corresponding amount to the Agent, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any 
other Related Document, the amount so advanced by the Agent to 
the Borrowers shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Loan made by 
the Agent for its own account. Upon any such failure by a 
Lender to pay the Agent, the Agent shall promptly thereafter 
notify the Borrowers of such failure and the Borrowers shall 
immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Agent for its 
own account.

(iv) Nothing in this subsection 2.03(e) 
shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to 
fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to 
prejudice any rights that the Agent or the Borrowers may have 
against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender 
hereunder.

With respect to all periods for which 
the Agent has funded Loans pursuant to Subsection 2.03(e), 
within 15 days after the last day of each calendar month, or 
such shorter period as it may from time to time select (any such 
month or shorter period being herein called a "Settlement 
Period"), the Agent shall notify each Lender of the average 
daily unpaid principal amount of the Loans outstanding during 
such Settlement Period. In the event that such amount is 
greater than the average daily unpaid principal amount of the 
Loans outstanding during the Settlement Period immediately 
preceding such Settlement Period (or, if there has been no 
preceding Settlement Period, the amount of the Loans made on the 
date of such Lender's initial funding), each Lender shall 
promptly make available to the Agent its Pro Rata Share of the 
difference in immediately available funds. In the event that 
such amount is less than such average daily unpaid principal 
amount, the Agent shall promptly pay over to each other Lender 
its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available 
funds. In addition, if the Agent shall so request at any time 
when an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, 
or any other event shall have occurred as a result of which the 
Agent shall determine that it is desirable to present claims 
against the Borrowers for repayment, each Lender shall promptly 
remit to the Agent or, as the case may be, the Agent shall 
promptly remit to each Lender, sufficient funds to adjust the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
interests of the Lenders in the then outstanding Loans to such 
an extent that, after giving effect to such adjustment, each 
Lender's interest in the then outstanding Loans will be equal to 
its Pro Rata Share thereof. The obligations of each Lender 
under this subsection 2.03(f) shall be absolute and 
unconditional.

(ii) In the event that any Lender fails to 
make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to 
subsection 2.03(f)(i), the Agent shall be entitled to recover 
such corresponding amount on demand from such Lender together 
with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment 
was due until the date such amount is paid to the Agent, at the 
customary rate set by the Agent for the correction of errors 
among banks for three Business Days and thereafter at the 
Regular Rate. During the period in which such Lender has not 
paid such corresponding amount to the Agent, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any 
other Related Document, the amount so advanced by the Agent to 
the Borrowers shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Loan made by 
the Agent for its own account. Upon any such failure by a Lender 
to pay the Agent, the Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the 
Borrowers of such failure and the Borrowers shall immediately 
pay such corresponding amount to the Agent for its own account. 
Nothing in this subsection 2.03(f)(ii) shall be deemed to 
relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Revolving 
Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the 
Borrowers may have against any Lender as a result of any default 
by such Lender hereunder.

2.0 Reduction of Commitment; Mandatory Prepayment; 
Optional Prepayment.

Reduction of the Commitment. The Borrowers 
may at any time or from time to time and without penalty or 
premium reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders 
to an amount (which may be zero) not less than the sum of the 
unpaid principal amount of all Loans then outstanding plus the 
principal amount of all Loans not yet made as to which notice 
has been given by the Borrowers under Section 2.03 hereof plus 
the Letter of Credit Exposure plus the Stated Amount of all 
Letters of Credit not yet issued as to which a request has been 
made unless the request is withdrawn and the Letter of Credit is 
not issued by the Letter of Credit Issuer under Section 3.01 
hereof. Any reduction shall be in an amount which is an 
integral multiple of $5 million. Reduction of the Revolving 
Credit Commitments of the Lenders shall be made by providing not 
less than two Business Days' written notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to such effect to the Agent (which notice the 
Agent shall promptly transmit to each Lender). Reductions of 
the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders are irrevocable
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
and may not be reinstated. Each such reduction shall reduce the 
Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender proportionately in 
accordance with its Pro Rata Share.

Mandatory Prepayment. Exceeding Current 
Commitment. If at any time the Current Commitment is less than 
the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans then 
outstanding plus the Letter of Credit Exposure at such time, the 
Borrowers shall prepay an amount of the Loans not less than the 
amount of such difference or, if the Loans then outstanding are 
less than the amount of such difference, provide cash collateral 
to the Agent in an amount equal to 105% of such excess, which 
cash collateral shall be deposited and held in the Letter of 
Credit Cash Collateral Account until such time as such excess no 
longer exists. Any such prepayment will not otherwise reduce 
the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders. Concurrently 
with any notice of reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments 
of the Lenders, the Borrowers shall give notice to the Agent of 
any mandatory prepayment which notice shall specify a prepayment 
date no later than the effective date of such reduction of the 
Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders.

Failure to Obtain Final Bankruptcy 
Court Order. Without limiting any other provision of this 
Agreement or any other Related Document permitting or requiring 
prepayment of the Loans in whole or part, the Borrowers shall 
prepay the Loans in whole without premium or penalty on the 
thirtieth (30th) day following the Entry Date in the event the 
Final Bankruptcy Court Order shall not have been entered on or 
before such date and shall provide cash collateral to the Agent 
in an amount equal to 105% of the stated amount of all 
outstanding Letters of Credit, which cash collateral shall be 
deposited and held in the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral 
Account until all Obligations have been paid in full in cash.

Other Mandatory Prepayments. The 
Agent may on the Cash Concentration Account Blockage Date and on 
each Business Day thereafter, apply all funds deposited in the 
Cash Concentration Account to the payment, in whole or in part, 
of the Obligations outstanding.

Optional Prepayment. The Borrowers may at 
any time or from time to time prepay, in whole or in part, any 
or all Loans then outstanding. Any such prepayment (i) shall be 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to $1,000,000 or an 
integral multiple of $100,000 in excess of $1,000,000, provided, 
that any such partial prepayment of a Eurodollar Loan shall not 
reduce the aggregate principal amount of such Eurodollar Loan to 
less than $2,000,000, and (ii) shall not reduce the Revolving 
Credit Commitments.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Prepayment Penalty. All prepayments of 
Loans under this Section 2.04 shall be without premium or 
penalty, except that any prepayment of Eurodollar Loans shall be 
subject to the provisions of Section 2.12 hereof.

2.0 Interest Rate.

Each Prime Loan shall bear interest for 
each day until paid at a rate per annum for each day equal to 
the Regular Rate for such day.

Each Eurodollar Loan shall bear interest at 
a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for the Interest 
Period in effect for such Eurodollar Loan plus 2 1/2%, together 
with any additional interest owing pursuant to Section 2.14 
hereof.

2.0 Interest Payment Dates. The Borrowers shall pay 
interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the 
date of such Loan until such principal amount shall be paid in 
full, which interest shall be payable (i) if such Loan is a 
Prime Loan, monthly in arrears on the first Business Day of each 
month, commencing February 1, 1994, and (ii) if such Loan is a 
Eurodollar Loan, (A) on the last day of the Interest Period of 
such Eurodollar Loan and (B) for any Interest Period longer than 
three months, on the day that occurs during such Interest Period 
every three (3) months from the first day of such Interest 
Period. After maturity of any principal amount of any Loan (by 
acceleration, at scheduled maturity or otherwise), interest on 
such amount shall be due and payable on demand.

2.0 Amortization. To the extent not due and payable 
earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the entire 
unpaid principal amount of each of the Loans shall be due and 
payable on the Termination Date.

2.0 Payments.

Time, Place and Manner. Except as 
otherwise provided in Section 2.04(b) hereof, all payments and 
prepayments to be made in respect of principal, interest, 
commitment fee, facility fee or other amounts due from the 
Borrowers hereunder, under the Fee Letter, the Notes or any 
other Related Document shall be payable at or before 12:00 Noon, 
New York City time, on the day when due without presentment, 
demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby 
expressly waived. Such payments shall be made to the Agent for 
the account of the Agent, CIT or the Lenders, as the case may 
be, at the Agent Account in Dollars in funds immediately 
available at the Agent's Office without setoff, counterclaim or 
other deduction of any nature. The Agent shall maintain a
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
common loan account (the "Borrowers' Account") on its books in 
the joint names of MGRE and MGRD in which the Borrowers will be 
charged with Loans made by the Agent or the Lenders to the 
Borrowers hereunder and with any other Obligations. The 
Borrowers and the Lenders hereby authorize the Agent to, and the 
Agent may, from time to time charge the Borrowers' Account with 
any interest, fees or expenses that are due and payable under 
this Agreement. The Borrowers and the Lenders confirm that any 
charges which the Agent may so make to the Borrowers' Account as 
herein provided will be made as an accommodation to the 
Borrowers and solely at the Agent's discretion and shall 
constitute a Loan to the Borrowers funded by the Agent on behalf 
of the Lenders and subject to subsections 2.03(e) and 2.03(f) of 
this Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that the 
Agent and the Lenders shall have no responsibility to inquire 
into the correctness of the apportionment, allocation or 
disposition of any Loans made to the Borrowers or of any 
reimbursement obligations fees, costs or expenses for which the 
Borrowers are jointly and severally obligated under this 
Agreement. Each of the Lenders and the Borrowers agrees that 
the Agent shall have the right to make such charges regardless 
of whether any Event of Default or Potential Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing or whether any of the conditions 
precedent in Section 7.02 have been satisfied. The Borrowers' 
Account will be credited upon receipt of "good funds" in the 
Agent Account with all amounts actually received by the Agent 
from the Borrowers or others for the account of the Borrowers. 
Interest on all Loans and all fees that accrue on a per annum 
basis shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of 
days elapsed in the period during which interest or such fee 
accrues and a year of 360 days. In computing interest on any 
Loan, the date of the making of such Loan shall be included and 
the date of payment shall be excluded; provided, however, that 
if a Loan is repaid on the same day in which it is made, one 
day's interest shall be paid on such Loan.

Periodic Statements. The Agent shall 
provide the Lenders and the Borrowers promptly after the end of 
each calendar month a summary statement (in the form from time 
to time used by the Agent) of (A) the opening and closing daily 
balances in the Borrowers' Account during such month, (B) the 
amounts and dates of all Loans made during such month, (C) the 
amounts and dates of all payments on account of the Loans during 
such month and each Lender's interest in the Loans, (D) the 
amount of interest accrued on the Loans during such month, (E) 
any Letters of Credit issued by a Letter of Credit Issuer during 
such month, specifying the Stated Amount thereof, (F) the amount 
of charges to the Borrowers' Account or Loans to be made during 
such month to reimburse CIT, the Lenders or the Letter of Credit 
Issuer for drawings made under Letters of Credit or payments 
made by CIT or the Lenders under the Letter of Credit Guaranty,
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
and (G) the amount and nature of any charges to the Borrowers' 
Account made during such month on account of interest, fees and 
expenses and other Obligations. All entries on any such 
statement shall, 30 days after the same is sent, be presumed to 
be correct and shall constitute prima facie evidence of the 
information contained in such statement, subject to the 
Borrower's and each Lender's express right to rebut such 
presumption by conclusively demonstrating the existence of any 
error on the part of the Agent.

Apportionment of Payments. Except as 
otherwise provided in this subsection, aggregate principal and 
interest payments shall be apportioned among all outstanding 
Loans to which such payments relate and payments of the fees 
required to be paid by the Borrowers under subsections 2.08(e) 
and (f) shall, as applicable, be apportioned ratably among the 
Lenders, in each case according to their Pro Rata Shares. All 
payments shall be remitted to the Agent and all such payments 
and any other amounts, including, without limitation, proceeds 
of Collateral received by the Agent from or as to the Borrowers 
or the Guarantor shall be applied subject to the provisions of 
this Agreement first, to pay principal of and interest on any 
Loans funded by the Agent on behalf of the Lenders and any fees, 
expense reimbursements or indemnities then due to the Agent from 
the Borrowers; second, to pay any fees, expense reimbursements 
or indemnities then due to the Lenders or the Letter of Credit 
Issuer hereunder; third, to pay interest due in respect of Loans 
and Unreimbursed Draws under Letters of Credit; and fourth, to 
pay, prepay or provide cash collateral in respect of principal 
on Loans and Letter of Credit Exposure. The Agent shall 
promptly distribute to each Lender at its primary address set 
forth on the appropriate signature page hereof, or at such other 
address as such Lender may designate in writing, such funds as 
it may be entitled to receive. The foregoing apportionment of 
payments is solely for the purpose of determining the 
obligations of the Borrowers hereunder and, notwithstanding such 
apportionment, any Lender may on its books and records allocate 
payments received by it in a manner different from that 
contemplated hereby. No such different allocation shall alter 
the rights and joint and several obligations of the Borrowers 
under this Agreement determined in accordance with the 
apportionments contemplated by this Section 2.08(c). To the 
extent that the Borrowers make a payment or payments to the 
Agent or the Agent receives any payment or other amount, which 
payment(s) or proceeds or any part thereof are subsequently 
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set 
aside and/or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any 
other party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, 
common law or equitable cause then, to the extent of such 
payment or proceeds received, the Obligations or part thereof 
intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continue in full
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
force and effect, as if such payment or proceeds had not been 
received by the Agent.

Interest Upon Events of Default. To the 
extent permitted by law, after there shall have occurred and so 
long as there is continuing an Event of Default pursuant to 
Section 10.1, any principal, interest, commitment fee, facility 
fee, indemnity or any other amounts due from the Borrowers 
hereunder, under the Fee Letter or under any Note or any other 
Related Document (and including interest accrued under this 
subsection 2.08(d)) shall compound on a daily basis as provided 
in this subsection 2.08(d) and shall bear interest for each day 
until paid (before and after judgment), payable on demand, at a 
rate per annum of 4 1/2% above the Eurodollar Rate for such day 
in the case of Eurodollar Loans and 3.00% above the Prime Rate 
for such day in the case of Prime Loans, such interest rate 
relating to Prime Loans to change automatically from time to 
time effective as of the announced effective date of each change 
in the Prime Rate.

Unused Line Fee. From and after the Entry 
Date until the Termination Date, the Borrowers shall pay to the 
Agent, for the account of each Lender in accordance with such 
Lender's Pro Rata Share, subject to Section 11.18, an unused 
line fee (the "Unused Line Fee") accruing at the rate of 
three-eighths of one percent (0.375%) per annum from and after 
the Entry Date until the Termination Date, on the excess, if 
any, of the Revolving Credit Commitment over the sum of the 
Loans and Letter of Credit Exposure outstanding from time to 
time. All Unused Line Fees accruing after the Entry Date shall 
be payable monthly in arrears on the first day of each month 
commencing February 1, 1994.

Letter of Credit Fees. From and after the 
Entry Date until the Termination Date, the Borrowers shall pay 
to the Agent, for the account of each Lender in accordance with 
such Lender's Pro Rata Share, subject to Section 11.18, a letter 
of credit fee (the "Letter of Credit Fee") accruing at the rate 
of (i) 1.50% per annum on the average daily Undrawn Letter of 
Credit Availability of standby Letters of Credit and (ii) 1.375% 
per annum on the average daily Undrawn Letter of Credit 
Availability of documentary Letters of Credit; provided, that 
for any documentary Letter of Credit that is cash collateralized 
in an amount equal to at least 105% of the Stated Amount thereof 
(such cash collateral to be deposited in the Letter of Credit 
Cash Collateral Account), the Letter of Credit Fee with respect 
to such documentary Letter of Credit shall accrue at the rate of 
1.25% per annum on the average daily Undrawn Letter of Credit 
Availability of such documentary Letter of Credit during the 
period such Letter of Credit is cash collateralized. All Letter 
of Credit Fees shall be payable monthly in arrears on the first
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
day of each month commencing February 1, 1994. The Borrowers 
shall also pay the nominal letter of credit fees and charges of 
the Letter of Credit Issuer for the administration, issuance and 
processing of any Letters of Credit issued by such Letter of 
Credit Issuer. Following the Agent's receipt of any Letter of 
Credit Fees described above, the Agent shall pay to each Lender 
its Pro Rata share of an amount equal to the difference between 
(A) the amount of the Letter of Credit Fees received by the 
Agent and (B) the letter of credit fees payable to the Letter of 
Credit Issuer in connection with the issuance of the Letters of 
Credit.

Agent Fee. The Borrowers shall pay to the 
Agent for its own account an annual Agent Fee of $100,000 
payable as follows: (i) $100,000 payable to the Agent on the 
Entry Date and (ii) $8,333.33 payable to the Agent on the first 
day of each month commencing on the first day of the thirteenth 
(13th) month following the Entry Date, until the Revolving 
Credit Commitments of all Lenders have been terminated and all 
Obligations have been paid in full; provided, that the fee 
payable on the first day of the thirteenth (13th) month 
following the Entry Date shall be increased by an amount equal 
to that portion of the $100,000 annual fee allocable to the 
period from the first anniversary of the Entry Date to the first 
day of such thirteenth (13th) month.

Fees. All fees required to be paid 
pursuant to the Fee Letter, this Agreement and any other Related 
Document shall be paid to the Agent for its own account as 
required therein. All fees under this Agreement and the other 
Related Documents are non-refundable under all circumstances.

2.0 Use of Proceeds. The Borrowers hereby jointly 
and severally covenant, represent and warrant that the proceeds 
of the Loans made to them will be used solely to fund working 
capital in the ordinary course of the Borrowers' and Guarantor's 
businesses and for other general corporate purposes (including, 
without limitation, payments of fees and expenses to 
professionals under Sections 330 and 331 of the Bankruptcy Code 
and administrative expenses of the kind specified in Section 
503(b) of the Bankruptcy Code incurred in the ordinary course of 
business of the Borrowers and the Guarantor) of the Borrowers 
and the Guarantor. Nothing herein shall limit the right of the 
Agent under Section 11.14 hereof to object to any use or 
proposed use of proceeds of Loans to the extent inconsistent 
with this Section or otherwise not permitted by this Agreement.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
2. Eurodollar Rate Not Determinable; Inability to 
Determine Interest Rate; Illegality or Impropriety.

If prior to the first day of any Interest 
Period:

the Agent shall have determined (which 
determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the 
Borrowers) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for 
ascertaining the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period, or

the Agent has received notice from the 
Majority Lenders that the Eurodollar Rate determined or to be 
determined for such Interest Period will not adequately and 
fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining 
their Eurodollar Loans during such Interest Period, or

Dollar deposits in the principal 
amounts of the Eurodollar Loans to which such Interest Period is 
to be applicable are not generally available in the London 
interbank market,

the Agent shall give notice to the Borrowers and the Lenders by 
fax or telephone as soon as practicable thereafter. If such 
notice is given (1) any Eurodollar Loans requested to be made on 
the first day of such Interest period shall be made as Prime 
Loans and (2) any Loans that were to have been converted to or 
continued as Eurodollar Loans on the first day of such Interest 
Period shall be converted to or continued as Prime Loans. Until 
such notice has been withdrawn by the Agent, no Loans shall be 
made as or converted to or continued as Eurodollar Loans.

In the event that any Lender shall have 
determined at any time that the introduction of, or any change 
in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, order or decree or in 
the interpretation or the administration thereof by any 
Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or 
administration thereof, or compliance by such Lender with any 
request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of 
any such Governmental Authority, shall make it unlawful or 
improper for such Lender to make, maintain or fund any 
Eurodollar Loan as contemplated by this Agreement, then such 
Lender shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Agent and the 
Borrowers describing such illegality or impropriety in 
reasonable detail. Effective immediately upon the giving of 
such notice, the obligation of such Lender to make Eurodollar 
Loans shall be suspended for the duration of such illegality or 
impropriety and, if and when such illegality or impropriety 
ceases to exist, such suspension shall cease, and such Lender 
shall notify the Agent and the Borrowers. If any such change 
shall make it unlawful or improper for any Lender to maintain
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
any outstanding Eurodollar Loan as a Eurodollar Loan, such 
Lender shall, upon the happening of such event, notify the Agent 
and the Borrowers, and the Borrowers shall immediately, or if 
permitted by applicable law, rule, regulation, order, decree, 
interpretation, request or directive, no later than the date 
permitted thereby, convert each such Eurodollar Loan into a 
Prime Loan.

2. Increased Costs; Capital Adequacy Circumstances.

Notwithstanding any other provision herein, 
if after the date of this Agreement any change in applicable law 
or regulation or in the interpretation or administration thereof 
by any Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or 
administration thereof (whether or not having the force of law) 
shall impose any tax on or change the basis of taxation of 
payments to any Lender or any Affiliate of the Lender of the 
principal of or interest on any Eurodollar Loan made by such 
Lender (other than taxes imposed on the overall net income of 
such Lender or such Affiliate of such Lender by the jurisdiction 
in which such Lender has its principal office or by any 
political subdivision or taxing authority therein), or shall 
impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit 
or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for 
the account of or credit extended by such Lender or any 
Affiliate of such Lender (except any such reserve requirement 
that is reflected in the additional interest payable pursuant to 
Section 2.14) or shall impose on such Lender or any Affiliate of 
such Lender any other condition affecting this Agreement or any 
Eurodollar Loans made by such Lender, and the result of any of 
the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or 
any Affiliate of such Lender of making or maintaining any 
Eurodollar Loan or to reduce the amount of any sum received or 
receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, 
interest or otherwise) in respect thereof by an amount deemed by 
such Lender to be material, then the Borrowers shall pay to such 
Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such 
Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction 
suffered. Any amount or amounts payable by the Borrowers to any 
Lender in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a) 
shall be paid by the Borrowers to such Lender within ten (10) 
days after receipt by the Borrowers from such Lender of a 
statement setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or 
amounts due and the basis for the determination from time to 
time of such amount or amounts, which statement shall be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error.

If any Lender shall have determined that 
the adoption after the date of this Agreement of any applicable 
law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy, or any 
change therein, or any change in the interpretation or
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central 
bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or 
administration thereof, or compliance by such Lender, any 
lending office of such Lender, or any Affiliate of such Lender, 
with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy 
(whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, 
central bank or comparable agency, has the effect of reducing 
the rate of return on such Lender's capital or on the capital of 
such Lender's Affiliate, as a consequence of such Lender's 
obligations under the this Agreement and the Related Documents 
to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender's 
Affiliate, could have achieved but for such adoption, change or 
compliance (taking into consideration such Lender's policies or 
such Lender's Affiliate's policies, with respect to capital 
adequacy) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, 
then, from time to time, the Borrowers shall reimburse such 
Lender or such Lender's Affiliate, for such reduction. Any 
amount or amounts payable by the Borrowers to any Lender in 
accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(b) shall be 
paid by the Borrowers to such Lender within ten (10) days after 
receipt by the Borrowers from such Lender of a statement setting 
forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts due and the 
basis for the determination from time to time of such amount or 
amounts, which statement shall be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error.

Each Lender agrees to use reasonable 
efforts to change its lending office to avoid or minimize (i) 
any amounts that might otherwise be payable to such Lender 
pursuant to this Section 2.11 or (ii) the effect of any event 
referred to in Section 2.10(b); provided that such change shall 
not cause the imposition on such Lender of any additional cost 
or legal, regulatory or administrative burdens deemed by such 
Lender, in its sole discretion, to be material.

Any Lender may demand compensation for any 
increased costs or reduction in amounts received or receivable 
or reduction in return on capital with respect to any period; 
provided that such Lender makes such a demand within ninety (90) 
days after obtaining actual knowledge of such increased costs, 
reduction in amounts received or receivable or reduction in 
return on capital. The protection of this Section 2.11 shall be 
available to any Lender regardless of any possible contention of 
the invalidity or inapplicability of the law, rule, regulation, 
guideline or other change or condition which shall have occurred 
or been imposed.

2. Indemnity.

The Borrowers agree, jointly and severally, to 
indemnify each Lender against any loss or expense that such
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Lender actually sustains or incurs as a consequence of (a) any 
failure by the Borrowers to fulfill on the date of any borrowing 
hereunder the applicable conditions set forth in Article VII, 
(b) any failure by the Borrowers to borrow any Eurodollar Loan 
hereunder or to convert any Prime Loan into a Eurodollar Loan, 
after notice of such borrowing or conversion has been given 
pursuant to Section 2.03 or Section 2.15, as the case may be, 
(c) any payment, prepayment (mandatory or optional) or 
conversion of a Eurodollar Loan required by any provision of 
this Agreement or otherwise made on a date other than the last 
day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (d) any default 
in payment or prepayment of the principal amount of any 
Eurodollar Loan or any part thereof or interest accrued thereon, 
as and when due and payable (at the due date thereof, by notice 
of prepayment or otherwise), or (e) the occurrence of any Event 
of Default, including, in each such case, any loss or reasonable 
expense sustained or incurred in liquidating or employing 
deposits from third parties acquired to effect or maintain such 
Loan or any part thereof as a Eurodollar Loan. Such loss or 
reasonable expense shall include but not be limited to an amount 
equal to the excess, if any, as reasonably determined by such 
Lender, of (i) its cost of obtaining the funds for the Loan 
being paid, prepaid or converted or not borrowed or converted 
(based on the Eurodollar Rate applicable thereto) for the period 
from the date of such payment, prepayment, conversion or failure 
to borrow or convert on the last day of the Interest Period for 
such Loan (or, in the case of a failure to borrow or convert, 
the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan that would 
have commenced on the date of such failure to borrow or convert) 
over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by 
such Lender) that would be realized by such Lender in 
re-employing the funds so paid, prepaid or converted or not 
borrowed or converted for such Interest Period. A certificate 
of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or 
amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this 
Section 2.12 and the basis for the determination of such amount 
or amounts shall be delivered to the Borrowers and shall be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error.

2. Sharing of Setoffs.

Each Lender agrees that if it shall, through the 
exercise of a right of banker's lien, setoff or counterclaim 
against the either Borrower or the Guarantor or pursuant to a 
superpriority administrative expense claim under Section 
364(c)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code or other security or interest 
arising from, or in lieu of, such secured claim, received by 
such Lender under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other 
similar law or otherwise, or by any other means, obtain payment 
(voluntary or involuntary) in respect of any Obligation as a 
result of which the aggregate unpaid amount of the Obligations
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
owing to it shall be proportionately less than the aggregate 
unpaid amount of the Obligations owing to any other Lender, it 
shall simultaneously purchase from such other Lender at face 
value a participation in the Obligations owing to such other 
Lender, so that the aggregate unpaid amount of the Obligations 
and participations in Obligations held by each Lender shall be 
in the same proportion to the aggregate unpaid amount of all 
Obligations owing to such Lender prior to such exercise of 
banker's lien, setoff or counterclaim or other event was to the 
aggregate unpaid amount of all Obligations outstanding prior to 
such exercise of banker's lien, setoff or counterclaim or other 
event; provided that, if any such purchase or purchases or 
adjustments shall be made pursuant to this Section 2.13 and the 
payment giving rise thereto shall thereafter be recovered, such 
purchase or purchases or adjustments shall be rescinded to the 
extent of such recovery and the purchase price or prices or 
adjustments restored without interest. The Borrowers expressly 
consent to the foregoing arrangements and agree that any Lender 
holding a participation in an Obligation deemed to have been so 
purchased may exercise any and all rights of banker's lien, 
setoff or counterclaim with respect to any and all moneys owing 
by the Borrowers to such Lender by reason thereof as fully as if 
such Lender had made a loan directly to the Borrowers in the 
amount of such participation.

2. Regulation D Compensation.

For so long as any Lender or any Affiliate of a 
Lender maintains reserves against "eurocurrency liabilities" (or 
any other category of liabilities that includes deposits by 
reference to which the interest rate on Eurodollar Loans is 
determined or any category of extensions of credit or other 
assets that includes loans by a non-United States office of such 
Lender or any Affiliate of such Lender to United States 
residents), and as a result the cost to such Lender or any 
Affiliate of such Lender (or its eurodollar lending office) of 
making or maintaining its Eurodollar Loans is increased, then 
such Lender may require the Borrowers to pay, contemporaneously 
with each payment of interest on the Eurodollar Loans, 
additional interest on the related Eurodollar Loans of such 
Lender at a rate per annum up to but not exceeding the excess of 
(i) (A) the applicable Eurodollar Rate divided by (B) one minus 
the Reserve Requirement over (ii) the applicable Eurodollar 
Rate. Any Lender wishing to require payment of such additional 
interest shall so notify the Borrowers, the Agent and the other 
Lenders and provide to the Borrowers and the Agent, along with 
such notice, an officer's certificate setting forth the amount 
to which such Lender is then entitled under this Section 2.14 
(which shall be consistent with such Lender's good faith 
estimate of the level at which the related reserves are 
maintained by it). Each such certificate provided to the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Borrowers under this Section 2.14 shall be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error.

2. Continuation and Conversion of Loans. Subject to 
Section 2.03 and Section 2.10 hereof, the Borrowers shall have 
the right, at any time, (i) on three (3) Business Days' prior 
irrevocable written or telecopy notice to the Agent, to continue 
any Eurodollar Loan or any portion thereof into a subsequent 
Interest Period or to convert any Prime Loan or portion thereof 
into a Eurodollar Loan, or (ii) on one (1) Business Day's prior 
irrevocable written or telecopy notice to the Agent, to convert 
any Eurodollar Loan or portion thereof into a Prime Loan, 
subject to the following:

no Event of Default or Potential Default 
shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of 
such continuation or conversion;

in the case of a continuation or conversion 
of less than all Loans, the aggregate principal 
amount of any Eurodollar Loan continued or converted 
shall not be less than $2,000,000 and in multiples of 
$500,000 if in excess thereof;

each conversion shall be effected by the 
Lenders by applying the proceeds of the new Loan to 
the Loan (or portion thereof) being converted; 
accrued interest on the Loan (or portion thereof) 
being converted shall be paid by the Borrowers at the 
time of conversion;

if the new Loan made in respect of a 
conversion shall be a Eurodollar Loan, the first 
Interest Period with respect thereto shall commence 
on the date of conversion;

no portion of any Loan shall be continued 
or converted to a Eurodollar Loan with an Interest 
Period ending later than the Termination Date; and

if any conversion of a Eurodollar Loan 
shall be effected on a day other than the last day of 
an Interest Period, the Borrowers shall jointly and 
severally reimburse each Lender on demand for any 
loss incurred or to be incurred by it in the 
reemployment of the funds released by such conversion 
as provided in Section 2.12 hereof.

In the event that the Borrowers shall not give notice to 
continue any Eurodollar Loan into a subsequent Interest Period, 
such Loan (unless repaid) shall automatically become a Prime 
Loan at the expiration of the then current Interest Period.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
2. Taxes.

All payments made by the Borrowers under this 
Agreement and the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and 
without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any 
present or future income, stamp or other taxes, levies, imposts, 
duties, charges, fees, deductions or withholdings, now or 
hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
any Governmental Authority (excluding net income taxes and 
franchise taxes imposed in lieu of net income taxes imposed on 
the Agent or any Lender as a result of a present or former 
connection between the jurisdiction of the Governmental 
Authority imposing such tax and the Agent or such Lender (except 
a connection arising solely from the Agent or such Lender having 
executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received a 
payment under, or enforced, this Agreement or the Notes)) (all 
such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, 
deductions and withholdings being hereinafter called "Taxes"). 
If any Taxes are required to be withheld from any amounts 
payable to the Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the Notes, 
the amounts so payable to the Agent or such Lender shall be 
increased to the extent necessary to yield to the Agent or such 
Lender (after payment of all Taxes) interest or any such other 
amounts payable hereunder at the rates or in the amounts 
specified in this Agreement and the Notes. The Borrower shall 
not, however, be required to pay any amount pursuant to the 
preceding sentence to any Lender that is not organized under the 
laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the 
Agent, if it is not organized under the laws of the United 
States of America or any state thereof, if such Lender or Agent 
fails to comply with the requirements of Section 2.16(b). 
Whenever any Taxes are payable by the Borrowers, as promptly as 
possible thereafter the Borrowers shall send to the Agent for 
its own account or for the account of such Lender, as the case 
may be, a certified copy of an original official receipt 
received by the Borrowers showing payment thereof. If the 
Borrowers fail to pay any Taxes when due to the appropriate 
taxing authority or fails to remit to the Agent the required 
receipts or other required documentary evidence, the Borrowers 
shall indemnify the Agent and the Lenders for any incremental 
taxes, interest or penalties that may become payable by the 
Agent or any Lender as a result of any such failure.

Each Lender that is not incorporated under 
the laws of the United States of America or a state thereof 
shall:

deliver to the Borrowers and the Agent 
(A) two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue 
Service Form 1001 or 4224 or successor applicable form, as the 
case may be, and (B) an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 or W-9 
or successor applicable form;

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
deliver to the Borrowers and the Agent 
two further copies of such forms or other appropriate 
certification of such forms on or before the date that any such 
form expires or becomes obsolete and after the occurrence of any 
event requiring a change in the most recent form delivered to 
the Borrowers;

obtain such extensions of the time for 
filing and shall renew such forms and certifications thereof as 
may reasonably be requested by the Borrower or the Agent, unless 
an event (including, without limitation, any change in treaty, 
law or regulation) has occurred prior to the date on which any 
such delivery otherwise would be required which renders all such 
forms inapplicable or which would prevent such Lender from duly 
completing and delivering any such form and such Lender so 
advises the borrower and the Agent. Each such Lender shall 
certify (i) in the case of a Form 1001 or 4224, that such Lender 
is entitled to receive payments under this Agreement without 
deduction or withholding of any United States federal income 
taxes and (ii) in the case of a Form W-8 or W-9, that such 
Lender is entitled to an exemption from United States backup 
withholding tax.

ARTICLE
LETTERS OF CREDIT

3.0 Letters of Credit.

General. In order to assist the Borrowers 
in establishing or opening documentary and standby letters of 
credit, which shall not have expiration dates that exceed one 
year from the date of issuance (the "Letters of Credit") with 
the Letter of Credit Issuer, the Borrowers have jointly 
requested CIT to join in the applications for such Letters of 
Credit, and/or guarantee payment or performance of such Letters 
of Credit and any drafts or acceptances thereunder through the 
issuance of a Letter of Credit Guaranty, thereby lending CIT's 
credit to the Borrowers, and CIT has agreed to do so. These 
arrangements shall be handled by CIT subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth below. Except as otherwise provided in 
paragraph (ix) of this Section 3.01, CIT shall have no 
obligation to arrange for the issuance of Letters of Credit on 
or after the Termination Date or which, when added to the 
aggregate amount of all outstanding and contemporaneous Loans 
and the Letter of Credit Exposure at such time, would cause the 
amount of all Loans and the Letter of Credit Exposure at any 
time to exceed the Current Commitment at such time. In 
addition, CIT shall not be required to be the issuer of any 
Letter of Credit. The Letter of Credit Issuer shall be a bank 
mutually acceptable to CIT and the Borrowers. One of the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Borrowers will be the account party for any application for a 
Letter of Credit, which shall be substantially in the form of 
Exhibit C hereto or such other form as may from time to time be 
approved by the Letter of Credit Issuer and CIT, and shall be 
duly completed in a manner acceptable to CIT, together with such 
other certificates, documents and other papers and information 
as the Letter of Credit Issuer or CIT may request (the "Letter 
of Credit Application").

During the period when the Interim 
Bankruptcy Court Order is in effect, the aggregate Letter of 
Credit Exposure shall not exceed $40 million, of which not more 
than $5 million shall be Letter of Credit Exposure with respect 
to standby Letters of Credit. During the period when the Final 
Bankruptcy Court Order is in effect, the aggregate Letter of 
Credit Exposure shall not exceed $90 million, of which not more 
than $10 million shall be Letter of Credit Exposure with respect 
to standby Letters of Credit. In addition, changes or 
modifications of the Letters of Credit by either Borrower and/or 
the Letter of Credit Issuer of the terms and conditions thereof 
shall in all respects be subject to the prior approval of CIT in 
the exercise of its reasonable discretion, provided, however, 
that (x) the expiry date of all Letters of Credit shall be no 
later than 15 days prior to the Termination Date unless on or 
prior to 15 days prior to the Termination Date such Letters of 
Credit shall be cash collateralized in an amount equal to at 
least 105% of the Stated Amount of such Letters of Credit, (y) 
the Letters of Credit and all documentation in connection 
therewith shall be in form and substance satisfactory to CIT and 
the Letter of Credit Issuer, and (z) Letters of Credit shall not 
be issued for the benefit of domestic trade creditors in 
connection with the purchase of merchandise or goods by either 
Borrower.

The Agent shall have the right, 
without notice to the Borrowers, to charge the Borrowers' 
Account with the amount of any and all indebtedness, liability 
or obligation of any kind (including indemnification for 
breakage costs, capital adequacy and reserve requirement 
charges) incurred by the Agent, CIT or the Lenders under the 
Letter of Credit Guaranty at the earlier of (x) payment by CIT 
or the Lenders under the Letter of Credit Guaranty, or (y) with 
respect to any Letter of Credit which is not cash collateralized 
as provided in this Agreement, the occurrence of an Event of 
Default. Any amount charged to the Borrowers' Account shall be 
deemed a Loan hereunder made by the Lenders to the Borrowers, 
funded by the Agent on behalf of the Lenders and subject to 
subsections 2.03(e) and (f). Any charges, fees, commissions, 
costs and expenses charged to CIT for the account of either 
Borrower by the Letter of Credit Issuer in connection with or 
arising out of Letters of Credit issued pursuant to this
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Agreement or out of transactions relating thereto will be 
charged to the Borrowers' Account in full when charged to or 
paid by CIT and any such charges by CIT to the Borrowers' 
Account shall be conclusive on the Borrowers absent manifest 
error. Each of the Lenders and the Borrowers agree that the 
Agent shall have the right to make such charges regardless of 
whether any Event of Default or Potential Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing or whether any of the conditions 
precedent in Section 7.02 have been satisfied.

The Borrowers agree, jointly and 
severally to unconditionally indemnify the Agent, CIT and each 
Lender and to hold the Agent, CIT and each Lender harmless from 
any and all loss, claim or liability incurred by the Agent, CIT 
or any such Lender arising from any transactions or occurrences 
relating to Letters of Credit established or opened for either 
Borrower's account and any drafts or acceptances thereunder, and 
all Obligations thereunder, including any such loss or claim due 
to any action taken by the Letter of Credit Issuer, other than 
for any such loss, claim or liability arising out of the gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of the Agent, CIT or any Lender 
as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction. The Borrowers further agree jointly and severally 
to hold the Agent, CIT and each Lender harmless from any errors 
or omission, negligence or misconduct by the Letter of Credit 
Issuer. The Borrowers' unconditional joint and several 
obligation to the Agent, CIT and each Lender hereunder shall not 
be modified or diminished for any reason or in any manner 
whatsoever, other than as a result of the Agent's, CIT's or such 
Lender's gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by 
a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The 
Borrowers agree that any charges incurred by CIT for either 
Borrower's account by the Letter of Credit Issuer shall be 
conclusive on the Borrowers absent manifest error and may be 
charged to the Borrowers' Account.

None of the Agent, CIT, the Letter of 
Credit Issuer or any of the Lenders shall be responsible for the 
existence, character, quality, quantity, condition, packing, 
value or delivery of the goods purporting to be represented by 
any documents; any difference or variation in the character, 
quality, quantity, condition, packing, value or delivery of the 
goods from that expressed in the documents; the validity, 
sufficiency or genuineness of any documents or of any 
endorsements thereof even if such documents should in fact prove 
to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent 
or forged; the time, place, manner or order in which shipment is 
made; partial or incomplete shipment, or failure or omission to 
ship any or all of the goods referred to in the Letters of 
Credit or documents; any deviation from instructions; delay, 
default, or fraud by the shipper and/or anyone else in
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
connection with any such goods or the shipping thereof; or any 
breach of contract between the shipper or vendors and either 
Borrower. Furthermore, without being limited by the foregoing, 
none of the Agent, CIT, the Letter of Credit Issuer or any of 
the Lenders shall be responsible for any act or omission with 
respect to or in connection with any goods covered by Letters of 
Credit.

The Borrowers agree that any action 
taken by the Agent, CIT or any Lender, if taken in good faith, 
and any action taken by the Letter of Credit Issuer, under or in 
connection with the Letters of Credit, the guarantees, the 
drafts or acceptances, or the goods purported to be represented 
by any documents, shall be binding on the Borrowers (with 
respect to the Letter of Credit Issuer, the Agent, CIT and the 
Lenders) and shall not put the Agent, CIT or the Lenders in any 
resulting liability to either Borrower. In furtherance thereof, 
CIT shall have the full right and authority to clear and resolve 
any questions of non-compliance of documents; to give any 
instructions as to acceptance or rejection of any documents or 
goods; to execute any and all steamship or airways guaranties 
(and applications therefore), indemnities or delivery orders; to 
grant any extensions of the maturity of, time of payment for, or 
time of presentation of, any drafts, acceptances, or documents; 
and to agree to any amendments, renewals, extensions, 
modifications, changes or cancellations of any of the terms or 
conditions of any of the applications, Letters of Credit, drafts 
or acceptances; all in CIT's sole name, and the Letter of Credit 
Issuer shall be entitled to comply with and honor any and all 
such documents or instruments executed by or received solely 
from CIT, all without any notice to or any consent from either 
Borrower.

Without CIT's express consent and 
endorsement in writing, each Borrower agrees: (x) not to 
execute any applications for steamship or airway guaranties, 
indemnities or delivery orders; to grant any extensions of the 
maturity of, time of payment for, or time of presentation of, 
any drafts, acceptances or documents; or to agree to any 
amendments, renewals, extensions, modifications, changes or 
cancellations of any of the terms or conditions of any of the 
applications, Letters of Credit, drafts or acceptances; and (y) 
after the occurrence of an Event of Default which is not cured 
within any applicable grace period, if any, or waived by the 
Agent, not to (A) clear and resolve any questions of 
non-compliance of documents, or (B) give any instructions as to 
acceptances or rejection of any documents or goods.

Each Borrower agrees that any 
necessary and material import, export or other license or 
certificates for the import or handling of Inventory will have
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
been promptly procured; all foreign and domestic material 
governmental laws and regulations in regard to the shipment and 
importation of Inventory or the financing thereof will have been 
promptly and fully complied with, in each case, where the 
failure to obtain such certificate or license or the failure to 
comply with such laws would result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
and any certificates in that regard that CIT may at any time 
reasonably request will be promptly furnished. In this 
connection, each Borrower jointly and severally warrants and 
represents that all shipments made under any such Letters of 
Credit are in accordance with the laws and regulations of the 
countries in which the shipments originate and terminate, and 
are not prohibited by any such laws and regulations. As between 
the Borrowers, on the one hand, and the Agent, CIT, the Lenders 
and the Letter of Credit Issuer, on the other hand, the 
Borrowers jointly and severally assume all risk, liability and 
responsibility for, and jointly and severally agree to pay and 
discharge, all present and future local, state, federal or 
foreign taxes, duties, or levies. As between the Borrowers, on 
the one hand, and the Agent, CIT, the Lenders and the Letter of 
Credit Issuer, on the other hand, any embargo, restriction, 
laws, customs or regulations of any country, state, city, or 
other political subdivision, where such Inventory is or may be 
located, or wherein payments are to be made, or wherein drafts 
may be drawn, negotiated, accepted, or paid, shall be solely the 
Borrowers' risk, liability and responsibility.

Upon any payments made to the Letter 
of Credit Issuer under the Letter of Credit Guaranty, CIT or the 
Lenders, as the case may be, shall, without prejudice to its 
rights under this Agreement (including that such unreimbursed 
amounts shall constitute Loans hereunder), acquire by 
subrogation, any rights, remedies, duties or obligations granted 
or undertaken by either Borrower to the Letter of Credit Issuer 
in any application for Letters of Credit, any standing agreement 
relating to Letters of Credit or otherwise, all of which shall 
be deemed to have been granted to the Agent and apply in all 
respects to the Agent and shall be in addition to any rights, 
remedies, duties or obligations contained herein.

On or prior to the date on which any 
documentary Letter of Credit is issued by the Letter of Credit 
Issuer for the account of either Borrower (but not after the 
issuance of any such Letter of Credit), such Borrower may 
provide cash collateral for the Reimbursement Obligations with 
respect to such documentary Letter of Credit in an amount equal 
to 105% of the Stated Amount thereof by depositing such cash 
collateral into the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account. 
Such Borrower may request that all (but not less than all) of 
the cash collateral provided for a Letter of Credit be returned 
to such Borrower, provided, that, both before and immediately
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
after giving effect to the release of such cash collateral to 
such Borrower (A) no Event of Default or Potential Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing, (B) the aggregate amount of all 
outstanding and contemporaneous Loans and the Letter of Credit 
Exposure does not exceed the Borrowing Base, and (C) the expiry 
date of such documentary Letter of Credit will be no later than 
15 days prior to the Termination Date.

In the event that the Borrowers are 
required to provide cash collateral for any Letter of Credit, 
the Borrower shall deposit such cash collateral in the Letter of 
Credit Cash Collateral Account, which cash collateral shall be 
held in the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account until all 
Obligations have been paid in full in cash.

Request for Issuance. The Borrowers may 
from time to time, upon notice not later than 12:00 noon, New 
York City time, at least three Business Days in advance, request 
CIT to assist either Borrower in establishing or opening a 
Letter of Credit by delivering to the Agent, with a copy to the 
Letter of Credit Issuer, a Letter of Credit Application, 
together with any necessary related documents. CIT shall not 
provide support, pursuant to the Letter of Credit Guaranty, if 
the Agent shall have received written notice from the Majority 
Lenders on the Business Day immediately preceding the proposed 
issuance day for such Letter of Credit that one or more of the 
conditions precedent in Section 7.02 will not have been 
satisfied on such date, and neither CIT nor the Agent shall 
otherwise be required to determine that, or take notice whether, 
the conditions precedent set forth in Section 7.02 have been 
satisfied.

3.0 Participations.

Purchase of Participations. Immediately upon 
the issuance by the Letter of Credit Issuer of any Letter of 
Credit in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 
3.01, each Lender (other than CIT) shall be deemed to have 
irrevocably and unconditionally purchased and received from CIT, 
without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and 
participation, to the extent of such Lender's Pro Rata Share, in 
all obligations of CIT in such Letter of Credit (including, 
without limitation, all Reimbursement Obligations of the 
Borrowers with respect thereto pursuant to the Letter of Credit 
Guaranty or otherwise).

Sharing of Letter of Credit Payments. In 
the event that CIT makes any payment in respect of the Letter of 
Credit Guaranty and the Borrowers shall not have repaid such 
amount to the Agent for the account of CIT, the Agent shall 
charge the Borrowers' Account in the amount of the Reimbursement 
Obligation, in accordance with Section 3.01(a)(ii).

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Obligations Irrevocable. The obligations 
of a Lender to make payments to the Agent for the account of the 
Agent or CIT with respect to a Letter of Credit shall be 
irrevocable, not subject to any qualification or exception 
whatsoever and shall be made in accordance with, but not subject 
to, the terms and conditions of this Agreement under all 
circumstances, including, without limitation, any of the 
following circumstances:

any lack of validity or enforceability 
of this Agreement or any of the other Related Documents;

the existence of any claim, setoff, 
defense or other right which either Borrower may have at any 
time against a beneficiary named in a Letter of Credit or any 
transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any 
such transferee may be acting), the Agent, Letter of Credit 
Issuer, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection 
with this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, the transactions 
contemplated herein or any unrelated transactions (including any 
underlying transactions between either Borrower or any other 
party and the beneficiary named in any Letter of Credit);

any draft, certificate or any other 
document presented under the Letter of Credit proving to be 
forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or 
any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect;

the surrender or impairment of any 
security for the performance or observance of any of the terms 
of any of the Related Documents;

any failure by the Agent to provide 
any notices required pursuant to this Agreement relating to 
Letters of Credit; or

the occurrence of any Event of Default 
or Potential Event of Default.

ARTICLE
BORROWING BASE

4.0 Condition of Lending and Assisting in 
Establishing or Opening Letters of Credit. CIT shall have no 
obligation to make a Loan or assist in establishing or opening a 
Letter of Credit to the extent that the aggregate unpaid 
principal amount of the Loans plus the Letter of Credit Exposure 
exceeds, or after giving effect to a requested Loan or Letter of 
Credit would exceed, the Current Commitment at such time.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
4.0 Mandatory Prepayment. Concurrently with the 
delivery of any Borrowing Base Certificate, the Borrowers shall 
give notice to the Agent of any mandatory prepayment pursuant to 
Section 2.04(b), which notice shall specify a prepayment date no 
later than the earlier of the date on which such Borrowing Base 
Certificate is given and the date on which such Borrowing Base 
Certificate is required to be provided to the Lenders.

4.0 Rights and Obligations Unconditional. Without 
limitation of any other provision of this Agreement, the rights 
of the Agent, CIT and the Lenders and the joint and several 
obligations of the Borrowers under this Article IV are absolute 
and unconditional, and the Agent, CIT and the Lenders shall not 
be deemed to have waived the condition set forth in Section 4.01 
hereof or their right to payment in accordance with Section 4.02 
hereof in any circumstance whatever, including but not limited 
to circumstances wherein, the Agent or the Lenders (knowingly or 
otherwise) make an advance hereunder in excess of the Borrowing 
Base.

4.0 Borrowing Base Certificate.

By 12:00 noon, New York City time (i) seven 
(7) days after the Friday of each week and (ii) thirty days 
after the end of each fiscal month (and on any other date on 
which the Agent reasonably requests), the Borrowers shall 
furnish to the Agent a certificate ("Borrowing Base 
Certificate") substantially in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit D, executed by a Designated Financial Officer, setting 
forth the Borrowing Base and the other information required 
therein as of the Borrowers' close of business on the Saturday 
of the preceding week (in the case of the weekly Borrowing Base 
Certificates), or as of Borrowers' close of business on the last 
day of each fiscal month (in the case of subsequent monthly 
Borrowing Base Certificates), in each case together with such 
other information with respect to the Inventory of the Borrowers 
as the Agent may reasonably request. The weekly Borrowing Base 
Certificate may be prepared based upon a good faith estimate by 
the Borrowers of their Inventory.

In the event of any dispute about the 
eligibility of any asset for inclusion in the Borrowing Base or 
the valuation thereof, the Agent's good faith judgment shall 
control.

The Borrowing Base set forth in a Borrowing 
Base Certificate shall be effective from and including the date 
such Borrowing Base Certificate is duly received by the Agent to 
but not including the date on which a subsequent Borrowing Base 
Certificate is duly received by the Agent, unless the Agent 
disputes the eligibility of any asset for inclusion in the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Borrowing Base or the valuation thereof by notice of such 
dispute to the Borrowers.

Each Borrowing Base Certificate shall be 
accompanied by backup schedules showing the derivation thereof 
and containing such detail and such other and further 
information as the Agent may reasonably request from time to 
time.

4.0 General Provisions. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Article IV, in no event shall any single 
element of value or asset be counted twice in determining the 
Borrowing Base.

ARTICLE
SECURITY; ADMINISTRATIVE PRIORITY

5.0 Grant of Lien and Security Interest.

To secure the joint and several Obligations 
of the Borrowers to the Agent, CIT and the Lenders under this 
Agreement and the Related Documents, each Borrower hereby 
assigns, pledges, transfers, grants, bargains and sells, 
mortgages, conveys, aliens, releases, confirms and sets over 
unto the Agent for the ratable benefit of each of the Lenders 
and hereby grants and creates in favor of the Agent for the 
ratable benefit of each of the Lenders a security interest in 
and to, all right, title and interest of such Borrower in, to or 
under the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account, all funds 
held therein from time to time and all certificates and 
instruments, if any, from time to time representing or 
evidencing the same and all proceeds and profits of any of the 
foregoing (all property of the Borrowers subject to the security 
interest referred to in this Section 5.01 being hereinafter 
referred to as the "Collateral").

The lien and security interest in favor of 
the Agent referred to in Section 5.01(a) hereof shall be a valid 
and perfected lien and security interest, prior to all other 
liens and interests hereafter arising, except for Carve-Out 
Expenses having a priority over the Obligations to the extent 
set forth in the definition of Agreed Administrative Expense 
Priorities. Such lien and security interest and its priority 
shall remain in effect until the Revolving Credit Commitments 
have been terminated and all Obligations have been repaid in 
full in cash.

5.0 Collections and Cash Concentration Account 
Arrangements. All cash of the Borrowers and the Guarantor, all 
proceeds from the sale of the Inventory of the Borrowers and all
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
proceeds of Collateral shall be deposited in Depository Account 
or Collection Accounts established by the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor in the ordinary course of business consistent with 
past practice. Pursuant to the customary operating procedures 
of the Borrowers and the Guarantor and the financial 
institutions maintaining the Depository Accounts, all funds 
contained in the Depository Accounts shall be transferred 
promptly to the Collection Accounts or the Cash Concentration 
Account. Pursuant to agreements ("Collection Account 
Agreements") in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
the Agent, or other similar arrangements, all funds contained in 
the Collection Account shall be transferred promptly into the 
Cash Concentration Account. Any collection by the Borrowers and 
the Guarantor of cash and proceeds of the sale of the Inventory 
of the Borrowers shall be made for the Agent, and the Borrowers 
shall receive all payments thereon as the Agent's trustee, and 
immediately transfer all such payments into the Cash 
Concentration Account, any Collection Account or any Depository 
Account in their original form. With respect to the Cash 
Concentration Account, the Borrowers shall, in accordance with 
Section 8.08, deliver to the Agent an agreement, duly executed 
by the Borrowers and the Cash Concentration Account Bank in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (the 
"Restricted Account Agreement"), authorizing and directing the 
Cash Concentration Account Bank to remit all amounts deposited 
in the Cash Concentration Account to the Agent or as the Agent 
may direct. After the occurrence and during the continuance of 
an Event of Default, the Agent may instruct the Cash 
Concentration Account Bank to remit all amounts deposited in the 
Cash Concentration Account to the Agent or as the Agent shall 
direct. In the absence of an Event of Default, the Agent shall 
direct the Cash Concentration Account Bank to make all cash in 
the Cash Concentration Account available to the Borrowers for 
general corporate purposes in accordance with Section 2.09.

5.0 Administrative Priority. The Borrowers and the 
Guarantors hereby agree that the Obligations of the Borrowers 
and the Guarantor shall constitute allowed administrative 
expenses in the Chapter 11 Cases having priority over all 
administrative expenses and unsecured claims against either 
Borrower or the Guarantor in the Chapter 11 Cases or in any 
superseding chapter 7 case for either Borrower or the Guarantor, 
now existing or hereafter arising, of any kind or nature 
whatsoever, including without limitation, all administrative 
expenses of the kind specified in Sections 503(b) and 507(b) of 
the Bankruptcy Code, subject, as to priority, only to allowed 
administrative expenses having priority over the Obligations to 
the extent set forth in the definition of Agreed Administrative 
Expense Priorities.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
5.0 Grants, Rights and Remedies Cumulative. The 
lien and security interest granted pursuant to Section 5.01 
hereof and administrative priority granted pursuant to Section 
5.03 hereof may be independently granted by the Related 
Documents and by other Related Documents as may be hereafter 
entered into. This Agreement, the Interim Bankruptcy Court 
Order, the Final Bankruptcy Court Order and such other Related 
Documents supplement each other, and the grants, priorities, 
rights and remedies of the Lenders, CIT and the Agent hereunder 
and thereunder are cumulative.

5.0 No Filings Required. The lien and security 
interest referred to in Section 5.01 hereof and in the Related 
Documents shall be deemed valid and perfected by entry of the 
Interim Bankruptcy Court Order and the Final Bankruptcy Court 
Order, as the case may be, which entry of the Interim Bankruptcy 
Court Order shall have occurred on or before the date of the 
initial Credit Extension hereunder. The Lenders, CIT and the 
Agent shall not be required to file any financing statements, 
notices of lien or similar instruments in any jurisdiction or 
filing office, or to take any other action in order to validate 
or perfect the lien and security interest granted by or pursuant 
to this Agreement, the Interim Bankruptcy Court Order, the Final 
Bankruptcy Order or any other Related Document.

5.0 Survival. The Lien, lien priority, 
administrative priorities and other rights and remedies granted 
to the Lenders, CIT and the Agent pursuant to this Agreement, 
the Interim Bankruptcy Court Order or the Final Bankruptcy Court 
Order and the other Related Documents (specifically including 
but not limited to the existence, perfection and priority of the 
lien and security interest provided herein and therein, and the 
administrative priority provided herein and therein) shall not 
be modified, altered or impaired in any manner including, 
without limitation, by any other financing or extension of 
credit or incurrence of debt by either Borrower or the Guarantor 
(pursuant to Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise), 
or by any dismissal or conversion of the Chapter 11 Cases, or by 
any other act or omission whatever. Without limitation, 
notwithstanding any such order, financing, extension, 
incurrence, dismissal, conversion, act or omission:

except for the Carve-Out Expenses having 
priority over the Obligations to the extent set forth in 
the definition of Agreed Administrative Expense 
Priorities, no costs or expenses of administration which 
have been or may be incurred in the Chapter 11 Cases or 
any conversion of the same to a superseding chapter 7 case 
or in any other proceedings related thereto or to the 
Chapter 11 Cases, and no priority claims, are or will be 
prior to or on a parity with any claim of the Lenders and
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
the Agent against either Borrower or the Guarantor in 
respect of any Obligation,

the Lien in favor of the Lenders and the 
Agent set forth in Section 5.01 hereof and in the Related 
Documents shall constitute a valid and perfected first 
priority Lien, subject only to the Carve-Out Expenses 
having a priority over the Obligations to the extent set 
forth in the definition of Agreed Administrative Expense 
Priorities, to which such Lien may be subordinate and 
junior, and shall be prior to all other liens and 
interests, now existing or hereafter arising, in favor of 
any other creditor or any other Person whatever, and

the Lien in favor of the Lenders and the 
Agent set forth in Section 5.01 hereof and in the Related 
Documents shall continue valid and perfected without the 
necessity that the Agent file financing statements or 
otherwise perfect its Lien under applicable nonbankruptcy 
law.

ARTICLE
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor hereby 
represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lenders as follows:

6.0 Organization and Qualification. Each of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor is a corporation duly organized, 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its 
jurisdiction of incorporation. Such Borrower is duly qualified 
to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing 
in all jurisdictions in which failure to qualify would have a 
Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 6.01 hereto correctly sets 
forth as of the date hereof the jurisdictions in which the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor are qualified to do business.

6.0 Authority and Authorization. Each of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor and the has the corporate power and 
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other 
Related Documents to which it is or is to be a party. As of the 
Entry Date, each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor will have 
the power and authority to perform its obligations hereunder and 
thereunder, and all such action has or will have been duly and 
validly authorized by all necessary corporate and judicial 
action during the period between the Entry Date and the date of 
the Final Bankruptcy Court Order.

6.0 Execution and Binding Effect. As of the Entry 
Date, this Agreement and each of the other Related Documents
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
required to be executed and delivered on or prior to the date 
hereof will have been duly and validly executed and delivered by 
each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor, and, constitute legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor, enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof or 
thereof, except as enforceability thereof may be limited by any 
applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other laws 
affecting creditors' rights generally or by general principles 
of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is 
considered in equity or at law. Each Related Document that is 
not required to be executed and delivered by the Borrowers or 
the Guarantor prior to the Entry Date will, when executed and 
delivered, be validly executed and delivered by each of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor, and will constitute legal, valid 
and binding obligations of the Borrowers and the Guarantors, 
enforceable in accordance with the terms thereof, except as 
enforceability thereof may be limited by any applicable 
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or other laws affecting 
creditors' rights generally or by general principles of equity, 
regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in 
equity or at law.

6.0 Authorizations and Filings. No authorization, 
consent, approval, license, exemption or other action by, and no 
registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing 
with, any Governmental Authority is or will be necessary in 
connection with execution and delivery by the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor, of this Agreement or the other Related Documents, 
consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, 
performance of or compliance with the terms and conditions 
hereof or thereof or to ensure the legality, validity, 
enforceability and admissibility in evidence hereof or thereof, 
except for the Interim Bankruptcy Court Order and the Final 
Bankruptcy Court Order.

6.0 Financial Statements. Historical Statements. 
MGRE has heretofore furnished to the Agent a consolidated 
balance sheet of MGRE and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of 
January 30, 1993 and the related consolidated statements of 
operations and shareholders' equity and cash flows for the 
fiscal year then ended, as examined and reported on by KPMG Peat 
Marwick, independent certified public accountants, and 
consolidated financial statements of MGRE and its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries for and as of the end of the three (3) and nine (9) 
month periods ending October 31, 1993 as certified by a 
Designated Financial Officer. Such financial statements 
(including the notes thereto) present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial condition of MGRE and its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and as of the end 
of such quarter and the results of their operations and the cash 
flows for the fiscal year and months then ended, all in
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with that of 
the preceding fiscal year, subject (in the case of the interim 
financial statements) to year-end adjustments.

Projections. The Borrowers and the 
Guarantor have heretofore furnished to the Agent projections for 
the period from November 1, 1993 through February 3, 1996, and 
such projections have been prepared in accordance with the 
standard set forth in the second sentence of Section 6.16 hereof.

6.0 No Event of Default. No event has occurred and 
is continuing and no condition exists which constitutes an Event 
of Default or Potential Default. Neither of the Borrowers nor 
the Guarantor is in violation of any term of its charter or 
by-laws.

6.0 Litigation. Except as set forth in the 
financial statements referred to in Section 6.05 hereof and on 
Schedule 6.07 hereof (which has previously been delivered to the 
Agent), there is not, to the best knowledge of the Borrowers and 
the Guarantor, any pending proceeding or any proceeding 
threatened in writing by or before any Governmental Authority, 
arbitrator or grand jury against or affecting either Borrowers, 
the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate, with respect to any 
Environmental Law or ERISA law, which, if adversely decided, can 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.0 Absence of Conflicts. Neither the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement or the other Related Documents to 
which either Borrower or the Guarantor is a party nor the 
consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated 
nor the performance of or compliance with the terms and 
conditions hereof or thereof will (a) violate any Law, (b) 
conflict with or result in a breach of or default under its 
charter or by-laws, or any material agreement or instrument to 
which either Borrower or the Guarantor is a party or by which it 
or any of its properties (now owned or hereafter acquired) may 
be subject or bound (other than conflicts, breaches and defaults 
the enforcement of which will be stayed by virtue of the filing 
of the Chapter 11 Cases) or (c) result in the creation or 
imposition of any Lien upon any property (now owned or hereafter 
acquired) of either Borrower or the Guarantor.

6.0 ERISA. Schedule 6.09 correctly sets forth a 
complete list of all Benefit Plans and Multiemployer Plans. 
Neither of the Borrowers, the Guarantor nor any ERISA Affiliate 
nor any fiduciary of any Plan which is not a Multiemployer Plan 
(i) has engaged in a nonexempt prohibited transaction described 
in Sections 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Code or (ii) has taken 
any action which would constitute or result in a Termination 
Event which in each case would have a Material Adverse Effect on
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
or before the Termination Date. Neither of the Borrowers, the 
Guarantor nor any ERISA Affiliate has made a complete or partial 
withdrawal under Section 4203 or 4205 of ERISA from a 
Multiemployer Plan in either case which would have a Material 
Adverse Effect on or before the Termination Date. Except as 
required by Section 4980B of the Code, no welfare benefit plan 
(as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) provides benefits or 
coverage beyond an employee's termination of employment other 
than severance or plans that would not have a Material Adverse 
Effect on or before the Termination Date. The contributions 
required under Section 412 of the Code for each Benefit Plan 
have been made when due and no event has occurred which could 
result in the imposition of a Lien under Section 412(n) of the 
Code. Neither of the Borrowers, the Guarantor nor any ERISA 
Affiliate has any outstanding waivers or variances from the 
minimum funding requirements under Section 412 of the Code with 
respect to any Benefit Plan. For purposes of this Section, 
representations with respect to an ERISA Affiliate prior to the 
time that such entity became an ERISA Affiliate shall be based 
on the best knowledge of the Borrowers and the Guarantor.

6. Taxes. All tax returns required to be filed by 
the Borrowers and the Guarantor have been properly prepared, 
executed and filed. All taxes, assessments, fees and other 
governmental charges upon the Borrowers and the Guarantor or 
upon any of their properties, income, sales or franchises which 
are shown thereon as due and payable have been paid, except as 
set forth in Schedule 6.10. The reserves and provisions for 
taxes, if any, on the books of the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
are adequate for all open years and for its current fiscal 
period. Neither of the Borrowers nor the Guarantor knows of any 
proposed additional assessment or basis for any material 
assessment for additional taxes (whether or not reserved 
against). The federal income tax liabilities of the Borrowers 
and the Guarantor have been finally determined by the Internal 
Revenue Service, or the time for audit has expired, for all 
fiscal periods ending on or prior to January 31, 1991, and all 
such liabilities (including all deficiencies assessed following 
audit) have been satisfied.

6. Financial Accounting Practices, etc.

The Borrowers and the Guarantor each make 
and keep books, records and accounts which, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect their transactions and 
dispositions of their respective assets and each maintains a 
system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide 
reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in 
accordance with management's general or specific authorization, 
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary (A) to permit 
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
except as previously disclosed to the Agent and (B) to maintain 
accountability for assets, and (iii) the recorded accountability 
for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable 
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any 
differences.

The Borrowers maintain a system of internal 
procedures and controls sufficient to provide reasonable 
assurance that the information required to be set forth in each 
Borrowing Base Certificate (including, without limitation, 
information relating to the identification of assets which are 
Inventory as provided herein and the valuation thereof) is 
accurate.

6. Power To Carry On Business. Each of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor has all requisite power and 
authority to own and operate its properties and to carry on its 
business as now conducted and as presently planned to be 
conducted (subject to Bankruptcy Court approval with respect to 
transactions outside the ordinary course of business).

6. No Material Adverse Change. Between December 15, 
1993 and the date hereof there has not occurred any event which 
may be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, 
other than events that customarily occur as a result of events 
leading up to and following the commencement of a proceeding 
under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.

6. Existing Liens; Capitalized Leases. There are no 
Liens on any assets of either Borrower or the Guarantor other 
than (a) the Lien created as of the Entry Date in favor of the 
Agent hereunder and under the other Related Documents, (b) Liens 
with respect to Capitalized Leases, and (c) Permitted Liens. As 
of the Entry Date, Capitalized Lease Obligations of the Borrower 
and the Guarantors do not exceed $500,000 in the aggregate.

6. Compliance with Laws. Neither of the Borrowers 
nor the Guarantor is in violation of or otherwise liable under 
any Law (including but not limited to violations pertaining to 
the conduct of its business or the use, maintenance or operation 
of the real and personal properties owned or possessed by it), 
except for violations which in the aggregate do not have a 
Material Adverse Effect and violations or any enforcement 
actions which will be stayed by virtue of the filing of the 
Chapter 11 Cases.

6. Accurate and Complete Disclosure. No 
representation or warranty made by either Borrower or the 
Guarantor under this Agreement or any other Related Document and 
no written statement made by either Borrower or the Guarantor in 
any financial statement (furnished pursuant to this Agreement or
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
otherwise), certificate, report, exhibit or document furnished 
by either Borrower or the Guarantor to the Agent or the Lenders 
pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other 
Related Document is or was or will be, when delivered, when 
taken together with all other information supplied by the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor to the Agent or the Lenders, false 
or misleading in any material respect (including by omission of 
material information necessary to make such representation, 
warranty or statement, in light of the circumstances under which 
it was made, not misleading). To the extent the Borrowers and 
the Guarantor furnish any projections of the financial position 
and results of operations of the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
for, or as at the end of, certain future periods, such 
projections were believed at the time furnished to be 
reasonable, have been or will have been prepared on a reasonable 
basis and in good faith by the Borrowers and the Guarantor, and 
have been or will be based on assumptions believed by the 
Borrower and the Guarantors to be reasonable at the time made 
and upon the best information then reasonably available to the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor. The Borrowers and the Guarantor 
have disclosed to the Agent all relevant information which to 
the best of its knowledge is reasonably likely to result in a 
Material Adverse Effect.

6. Insurance. The Borrowers and the Guarantor 
maintain adequate insurance with respect to their properties and 
businesses and those of their Subsidiaries. Schedule 6.17 
hereto sets forth a list of all insurance currently maintained 
by MGRE and its Subsidiaries.

6. Environmental Matters.

MGRE and its Subsidiaries are in compliance 
in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws;

MGRE and its Subsidiaries have obtained all 
material permits, approvals, authorizations and licenses 
required by Environmental Laws necessary for their operations, 
and all such permits, approvals, authorizations and licenses are 
in good standing and MGRE and its Subsidiaries are in material 
compliance with all material terms and conditions of such 
permits, approvals, authorizations and licenses;

Neither MGRE nor any of its Subsidiaries 
nor any of their respective currently owned or leased property 
or operations is subject to any outstanding written order from 
or agreement with any Governmental Authority or other Person or 
is subject to any judicial or docketed administrative proceeding 
respecting (i) Environmental Laws, (ii) Remedial Action or (iii) 
any Environmental Liabilities and Costs arising from a Release 
or threatened Release except for any such order or proceeding
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect; and

Neither MGRE nor any of its Subsidiaries 
has received any written notice or claim to the effect that it 
is or is reasonably expected to be liable to any Person as a 
result of a Release that can reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.

6. Administrative Priority; Lien Priority.

After the Entry Date, the Obligations of 
the Borrowers and the Guarantor will constitute allowed 
administrative expenses in the Chapter 11 Cases and any 
superseding chapter 7 case for either Borrower or the Guarantor 
having priority over all administrative expenses and unsecured 
claims against either Borrower or the Guarantor now existing or 
hereafter arising, of any kind or nature whatsoever, including 
without limitation all administrative expenses of the kind 
specified in Sections 503(b) and 507(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, 
subject, as to priority, only to Carve-Out Expenses having 
priority over the Obligations to the extent set forth in the 
definition of Agreed Administrative Expense Priorities.

The Lien on the Collateral shall be a valid 
and perfected first priority Lien.

6. Bankruptcy Court Order. The Interim Bankruptcy 
Court Order (following the Entry Date) or the Final Bankruptcy 
Court Order (following its entry), as the case may be, is in 
full force and effect, and has not been reversed, stayed, 
modified or amended absent the joinder and consent of the 
Majority Lenders and the Borrowers.

6. Use of Proceeds. The Borrowers will use the 
proceeds of the Loans and the Letters of Credit, respectively, 
in accordance with Section 2.09 hereof.

6. Location of Bank Accounts. Schedule 6.22 hereto 
sets forth a complete and accurate list as of the date hereof of 
all deposit accounts and investment accounts, including all 
Depository Accounts, Collection Accounts and Cash Concentration 
Accounts, maintained by the Borrowers and the Guarantor together 
with a description thereof (i.e. the bank or institution at 
which such deposit account or investment account is maintained 
and the account number and the purpose thereof). As of the 
Entry Date, all cash maintained in all accounts set forth in 
Schedule 6.22 is cash of the Borrowers and the Guarantor and, as 
of the date hereof, the aggregate amount of cash in such 
accounts is not less than $90 million.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
6. Tradenames. Schedule 6.23 hereto sets forth a 
complete and accurate list as of the date hereof of all 
tradenames used by the Borrowers and the Guarantor.

ARTICLE
CONDITIONS OF CREDIT EXTENSIONS

7.0 Conditions Precedent to Initial Credit 
Extension. The obligation of each Lender to make the initial 
Credit Extension hereunder (whether such Credit Extension shall 
consist of the making of a Loan or assistance to the Borrowers 
in establishing or opening Letters of Credit) is subject to the 
satisfaction on or before the date thereof of each of the 
following conditions, in addition to the conditions set forth in 
Section 7.02:

The Interim Bankruptcy Court Order or the 
Final Bankruptcy Court Order, as the case may be, shall 
have been entered by the Bankruptcy Court, and the Agent 
shall have received a certified copy of the same, and such 
order shall be in full force and effect and shall not have 
been reversed, stayed, modified or amended.

The Borrowers shall have executed and 
delivered to the Agent the Notes in substantially the form 
of Exhibit A hereto, which shall be dated the Entry Date.

The Borrowers shall have paid to the Agent 
all fees, including fees of counsel to the Agent, when due 
and other amounts due and payable to the Agent when due, 
including but not limited to amounts due under Section 
2.08 and 11.06 hereof. The Borrowers shall have paid to 
counsel to CIT all reasonable fees and other client 
charges due to such counsel on the date of the initial 
Credit Extension.

The Agent shall have received certificates 
satisfactory in form and substance to it from the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor, signed by its Secretary, an 
Assistant Secretary or Treasurer, certifying as to (i) 
true copies of the charter documents of each of Borrowers 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, (ii) true copies of 
all corporate action taken by the Borrowers or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, relative to the Related 
Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby (which 
shall designate one or more Designated Financial Officers 
and Designated Borrowing Officers), (iii) the true 
signatures and incumbency of the Designated Borrowing 
Officers and (iv) such other matters as the Agent may 
request.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
The Agent shall have received a certified 
copy of the initial Borrowing Base Certificate described 
in Section 4.04(a) hereof in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Agent.

The Lien in favor of the Agent (on behalf 
of the Lenders) with respect to the Collateral shall be a 
valid and perfected first priority Lien prior to all other 
Liens in the Collateral.

The Borrowers and the Guarantor shall have 
caused all property insurance policies to show the Agent 
(on behalf of the Lenders) as loss payee as its interest 
may appear and, with respect to Inventory, all such 
policies shall name the Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) 
as first payee.

The Agent shall have received copies of the 
most recent Annual Report (Form 5500), including Schedule 
B thereto, and the most recent actuarial report for each 
Benefit Plan. In addition, the Agent shall have received 
evidence in the form of an officer's certificate, in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, of the 
material compliance by each Borrower and the Guarantor 
with all Environmental Laws, ERISA, labor and WARN matters.

The Agent shall have received from counsel 
to the Borrowers and the Guarantor, a favorable opinion 
substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto, and 
covering, among other things, entry of the Interim 
Bankruptcy Court Order and notice having been given in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules and any order of the 
Bankruptcy Court.

The Agent shall have received certified 
copies of requests for copies or information on Form 
UCC-11 or reports from a reporting company satisfactory to 
the Agent, listing all effective UCC financing statements, 
tax liens and judgment liens in each of the jurisdictions 
listed on Schedule 1.01(B) hereto, which name as debtor 
each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor, together with 
copies of such financing statements, none of which (other 
than those consented to by the Agent), shall cover any of 
the Inventory of either Borrower.

The Borrowers shall provide to the Agent a 
certificate from the Borrowers signed by a Designated 
Borrowing Officer of the Borrowers certifying that as of 
the Filing Date the Borrowers have aggregate cash balances 
of not less than $65 million.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
All legal proceedings in connection with 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the 
other Related Documents shall be satisfactory to the Agent 
and the Agent shall have received all such counterpart 
originals or certified or other copies of such documents 
and proceedings in connection with such transactions, in 
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, 
as the Agent may from time to time request.

7.0 Conditions Precedent to Each Credit Extension. 
The obligation of each Lender to make any Credit Extension 
hereunder (whether such Credit Extension shall consist of the 
making of a Loan or assistance to the Borrowers in establishing 
or opening Letters of Credit) is subject to the performance by 
the Borrowers and the Guarantor of their obligations to be 
performed hereunder or under the Related Documents on or before 
the date of such Credit Extension and to the satisfaction of the 
following further conditions:

The representations and warranties of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor contained in Article VI hereof 
and in each Related Document shall be true on and as of 
the date of each Credit Extension hereunder with the same 
effect as though made on and as of each such date.

No Event of Default and no Potential 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing or exist or 
shall occur or exist after giving effect to such Credit 
Extension.

On the date of such Credit Extension, the 
Interim Bankruptcy Court Order or the Final Bankruptcy 
Court Order, as the case may be, shall have been entered 
by the Bankruptcy Court, and the Agent shall have received 
a certified copy of the same and such order shall be in 
full force and effect and shall not have been reversed, 
stayed, modified or amended.

Except as provided in Section 3.01(a)(ix), 
the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans and the 
Letter of Credit Exposure shall not exceed, and after 
giving effect to the requested Credit Extension will not 
exceed, the Current Commitment.

The Agent shall have received from the 
Borrowers a written or an oral (promptly confirmed in 
writing as set forth in Section 2.03(a) of this Agreement) 
notice of borrowing from a Designated Borrowing Officer 
specifying the date, which shall be a Business Day, on 
which such Loan is to be made, the principal amount of 
such Loan, whether such Loan is requested to be a
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Eurodollar Loan or a Prime Loan (and if a Eurodollar Loan 
is requested, the length of the Interest Period with 
respect thereto) and the account information where such 
Loan is to be received and a completed Letter of Credit 
Application, as appropriate.

With respect to any Credit Extension on or 
after the thirtieth day following the Entry Date, the 
Final Bankruptcy Court Order shall be in full force and 
effect and shall not have been reversed, stayed, modified 
or amended.

All legal proceedings in connection with 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the 
other Related Documents shall be reasonably satisfactory 
to the Agent and the Agent shall have received all such 
counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such 
documents and proceedings in connection with such 
transactions, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Agent, as the Agent may from time to 
time reasonably request.

Any oral or written request by the Borrowers for any Credit 
Extension hereunder shall constitute a representation and 
warranty by the Borrowers and the Guarantor that the conditions 
set forth in this Section 7.02 have been satisfied as of the 
date of such request. Failure of the Agent to receive notice 
from the Borrowers to the contrary before such Credit Extension 
is made shall constitute a further representation and warranty 
by the Borrowers and the Guarantor that the conditions set forth 
in this Section 7.02 (other than those set forth in clause (g) 
hereof) have been satisfied as of the date of such Credit 
Extension.

ARTICLE
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

The Borrowers and the Guarantor jointly and severally 
covenant to the Agent and the Lenders as follows, subject to 
waiver by the Majority Lenders as provided herein:

8.0 Reporting and Information Requirements.

Annual Reports. As soon as practicable 
and in any event within 90 days after the close of each fiscal 
year of MGRE, MGRE shall furnish to each of the Lenders a 
consolidated statement of operations, shareholders' equity and 
cash flows of MGRE and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such 
fiscal year and a consolidated balance sheet of MGRE and its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year,
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
and notes to each, all in reasonable detail, setting forth in 
comparative form the corresponding figures for the preceding 
fiscal year, with such consolidated statements and balance sheet 
to be certified by KPMG Peat Marwick or other independent 
certified public accountants of recognized national standing 
selected by MGRE and reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. The 
certificate or report of such accountants shall be free of 
exceptions or qualifications with respect to such statements and 
balance being prepared in compliance with GAAP and shall in any 
event contain a written statement of such accountants 
substantially to the effect that (i) such accountants examined 
such consolidated statements and balance sheet in accordance 
with generally accepted auditing standards and accordingly made 
such tests of accounting records and such other auditing 
procedures as such accountants considered necessary in the 
circumstances and (ii) in the opinion of such accountants such 
consolidated statements and balance sheet present fairly, in all 
material respects, the financial position of MGRE and its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and 
the results of their operations and the changes in their 
financial position for such fiscal year, in conformity with GAAP 
applied on a basis consistent with that of the preceding fiscal 
year (except for changes in application in which such 
accountants concur). A copy of such certificate or report shall 
be delivered to the Agent and signed by such independent public 
accountants. As soon as it becomes available, MGRE shall 
promptly notify the Agent that any management letter received by 
MGRE from its independent public accountants has been prepared 
and MGRE shall deliver a copy of such management letter to the 
Agent.

Each set of consolidated statements 
and balance sheets delivered pursuant to this Section 8.01(a) 
shall be accompanied by a certificate or report dated the date 
of such statements and balance sheet by the accountants who 
certified or reported on such statements and balance sheet 
stating in substance that they have reviewed this Agreement and 
that in making the examination necessary for their certification 
of such statements and balance sheet they did not become aware 
of any Event of Default or Potential Default based upon any 
financial covenant, or if they did become so aware, such 
certificate or report shall state the nature and period of 
existence thereof, if determinable. In addition, each set of 
consolidated statements and balance sheets delivered pursuant to 
Section 8.01(a)(i) shall be accompanied by a certificate of the 
Designated Financial Officer stating that the Borrowers have 
complied with the Cumulative FIFO EBITDA, Capital Expenditures 
and Maintenance of Inventory covenants set forth in Sections 
9.02, 9.12 and 9.16, respectively, in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Agent.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Quarterly Reports. As soon as 
practicable and in any event within 45 days after the close of 
each fiscal quarter of MGRE, MGRE shall furnish to each of the 
Lenders an unaudited consolidated statement of operations and 
cash flows of MGRE and its Consolidated Subsidiaries and a 
consolidated balance sheet of MGRE and its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal quarter, all in 
reasonable detail setting forth in comparative form the 
corresponding fiscal quarter for the preceding fiscal year, and 
certified by a Designated Financial Officer as presenting 
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of MGRE 
and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter 
and the results of their operations and the changes in their 
financial position for such quarter, in conformity with GAAP 
applied in a manner consistent except as otherwise disclosed 
therein with that of the most recent audited financial 
statements furnished to the Lenders, subject to year-end 
adjustments.

Each set of consolidated statements 
and balance sheets delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(b) shall 
be accompanied by a certificate dated the date of such 
statements and balance sheet by a Designated Financial Officer 
stating in substance that he has reviewed this Agreement and 
that to the best of his knowledge he did not become aware of any 
Event of Default or Potential Default, or if he did become so 
aware, such certificate shall state the nature and period of 
existence thereof, if determinable.

Monthly Reports. As soon as practicable 
and in any event within thirty (30) days after the end of each 
fiscal month (including the fiscal month in which this Agreement 
is executed) of MGRE, MGRE shall furnish to each of the Lenders 
unaudited consolidated statements of operations and cash flows 
for MGRE and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal month 
and for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the 
end of such fiscal month, and an unaudited consolidated balance 
sheet of MGRE and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of 
such fiscal month, all in reasonable detail, setting forth in 
comparative form the corresponding figures for the same periods 
during the preceding fiscal year (except for the consolidated 
balance sheet, which shall set forth in comparative form the 
corresponding balance sheet as of the prior fiscal year end), 
and certified by a Designated Financial Officer as presenting 
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of MGRE 
and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal 
month and the results of their operations and cash flows for 
such fiscal month, in conformity with GAAP applied in a manner 
consistent except as otherwise disclosed therein with that of 
the most recent adjusted financial statements furnished to the 
Lenders, subject to year-end adjustments.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Each set of consolidated statements 
and balance sheets delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(c) shall 
be accompanied by a certificate dated the date of such 
statements and balance sheet by a Designated Financial Officer 
stating in substance that he has reviewed this Agreement and 
that to the best of his knowledge he did not become aware of any 
Event of Default or Potential Default, or if he did become so 
aware, such certificate shall state the nature and period of 
existence thereof, if determinable. In addition, each set of 
consolidated statements and balance sheets delivered pursuant to 
Section 8.01(c)(i) shall be accompanied by a certificate stating 
that the Borrowers have complied with the Cumulative FIFO EBITDA 
and Maintenance of Inventory covenants set forth in Sections 
9.02 and 9.16, respectively.

As soon as practicable and in any 
event within thirty (30) days after the end of each fiscal month 
(including the fiscal month in which this Agreement is 
executed), the Borrowers shall furnish to each of the Lenders a 
monthly inventory report and Borrowing Base Certificate in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, and 
certified by a Designated Financial Officer, which shall be 
accompanied by a reconciliation from the weekly inventory report 
and Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by the Borrowers to the 
Lenders pursuant to Section 8.01(d).

Weekly Reports. As soon as practicable and 
in any event within seven (7) days after the end of each week 
(including the week in which this Agreement is executed), the 
Borrowers shall furnish to each of the Lenders weekly sales 
reports for the Borrowers in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Agent, and certified by a Designated 
Financial Officer. As soon as practicable and in any event 
within seven (7) days after the end of each week (including the 
week in which this Agreement is executed), the Borrowers shall 
furnish to each of the Lenders a weekly Inventory report and 
Borrowing Base Certificate for the Borrowers in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, and certified by 
a Designated Financial Officer.

Certain Reports. Upon the reasonable 
request of the Agent, the Borrowers and the Guarantor shall 
provide the Agent with copies of all consultants' reports, 
investment bankers' reports, final business plans, and similar 
documents. The Borrowers and the Guarantor shall not be 
obligated to provide copies of any documents which are subject 
to an evidentiary privilege and as to which disclosure to the 
Agent would cause such privilege to be waived, but if the 
Borrowers claim that any document is so privileged, they shall 
promptly provide the Agent with a letter describing the document 
and stating the basis for such claim of privilege.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Pleadings, etc. The Borrowers and the 
Guarantor shall give or cause to be given or served on the Agent 
and its counsel copies of all pleadings, motions, applications, 
financial information and other papers and documents filed by 
either Borrower or the Guarantor in the Chapter 11 Cases.

Reports to Committees. Promptly after the 
sending thereof, the Borrowers and the Guarantor shall give the 
Agent copies of all written reports given by either Borrower or 
the Guarantor to any official or unofficial creditors' committee 
in the Chapter 11 Cases.

Other Reports and Information. Promptly 
upon their becoming available, the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
shall deliver to the Agent a copy of (i) all reports, financial 
statements or other information delivered by MGRE to its 
shareholders, (ii) all reports, proxy statements, financial 
statements and other information generally distributed by either 
Borrower or the Guarantor to their bondholders or the financial 
community in general and (iii) any audit or other reports 
submitted to either Borrower or the Guarantor by independent 
accountants in connection with any annual, interim or special 
audit of either Borrower or the Guarantor.

Further Information. The Borrowers and the 
Guarantor will promptly furnish to the Agent such other 
information and in such form as the Agent may reasonably request.

Projections. The Borrowers shall furnish 
to each of the Lenders on or before February 28, 1995 revised 
financial projections, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Agent, for the fiscal year ended February 3, 
1996, and such projections shall be prepared in accordance with 
the standard set forth in the second sentence of Section 6.16 
hereof.

Notice of Event of Default. Promptly upon 
an officer of either Borrower or the Guarantor becoming aware of 
any Event of Default or Potential Default, such Borrower or the 
Guarantor shall give the Agent notice thereof, together with a 
written statement of a Designated Financial Officer setting 
forth the details thereof and any action with respect thereto 
taken or contemplated to be taken by such Borrower or the 
Guarantor.

Notice of Material Adverse Change. 
Promptly upon an officer of either Borrower or the Guarantor 
becoming aware thereof, such Borrower or the Guarantor shall 
give the Agent notice of any Material Adverse Effect.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Visitation and Verification. The Borrowers 
and the Guarantor shall permit the Agent or such professionals 
or other Persons as the Agent may designate (i) to examine and 
inspect the books and records of the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
and take copies and extracts therefrom at reasonable times and 
during normal business hours upon the reasonable request of the 
Agent, (ii) to verify materials, leases, notes, receivables, 
deposit accounts and other assets of the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor from time to time, and (iii) to conduct a physical 
Inventory count and/or valuation at the distribution center and 
retail stores of the Borrowers, provided, that the Borrowers 
shall cause to be conducted at least one physical Inventory 
count in the twelve month period commencing on each of (A) the 
Entry Date and (B) the first anniversary of the Entry Date, and 
shall promptly after it becomes available provide to the Agent a 
copy of the written results of such physical Inventory count. 
In addition to the physical Inventory count referred to in the 
preceding sentence, in the absence of continuing Event of 
Default, any additional count and/or valuation shall be 
conducted upon the reasonable request of the Agent (which 
additional count and/or valuation shall be based upon a 
representative random sample of the physical Inventory) provided 
that, during the continuance of an Event of Default, the 
Borrowers shall conduct additional counts and/or valuations 
based upon procedures satisfactory to the Agent upon the request 
of the Agent.

Environmental.

The Borrowers and the Guarantor shall 
notify the Agent in writing, promptly upon, and in any event 
within 10 days after, an officer of either Borrower or the 
Guarantor learns of any of the following:

the receipt by either Borrower or 
the Guarantor of written notification that any real or 
personal property of either Borrower or the Guarantor is 
subject to any Environmental Lien;

notice of violation of any 
Environmental Law which could reasonably be expected to 
subject the Borrowers and the Guarantor in the aggregate 
to Environmental Liabilities and Costs of $250,000 or 
more; and

notice of the commencement of any 
judicial or administrative proceeding or investigation 
alleging a violation by either Borrower or the Guarantor 
of any Environmental Law, which if adversely determined 
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
UCC Search Results. On or before the date 
on which the Final Bankruptcy Court Order is entered, the 
Borrowers shall have provided the Agent with certified copies of 
requests for copies or information on Form UCC-11 or reports 
from a reporting company satisfactory to the Agent, listing as 
of the Filing Date all effective UCC financing statements, tax 
liens and judgment liens in each of the jurisdictions in which 
either Borrower or the Guarantor has a warehouse, distribution 
center, retail store or office, which name as debtor each of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantors, together with copies of such 
financing statements.

8.0 Preservation of Existence and Franchises. 
Subject to Section 9.09 hereof, each of the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor shall maintain (which may be by virtue of the stay 
imposed in the Chapter 11 Cases) its corporate existence, rights 
and franchise in full force and effect in its jurisdiction of 
incorporation. Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor shall 
qualify and remain qualified (which may be by virtue of the stay 
imposed in the Chapter 11 Cases) as a foreign corporation in 
each jurisdiction in which failure to qualify would have a 
Material Adverse Effect.

8.0 Insurance. The Borrowers and the Guarantor 
shall maintain insurance at the levels currently in effect with 
financially sound and reputable insurers as listed on Schedule 
6.17 hereto and promptly cause all such policies to show the 
Agent as loss payee or additional insured as its interest may 
appear on such policies and with respect to Inventory, all 
relevant policies shall name the Agent as loss payee on such 
policies, provided that, in the absence of a continuing Event of 
Default, the proceeds of any such insurance shall be paid to the 
Borrowers and used in the ordinary course of the Borrowers' 
businesses. Upon the request of the Agent, the Borrowers shall 
promptly, but in any event not later than fifteen days after any 
such request, provide to the Agent a copy of each such policy 
listed on Schedule 6.17.

8.0 Maintenance of Properties. The Borrowers and 
the Guarantor shall (i) maintain or cause to be maintained in 
good repair, working order and condition the properties now or 
hereafter owned by them and (ii) make or cause to be made all 
needful and proper repairs, renewals, replacements and 
improvements thereto to the extent required so that the business 
carried on in connection therewith may be properly and 
advantageously conducted at all times, and (iii) maintain all 
leased property in compliance with the requirements of any 
applicable lease, in each case other than sales of property or 
rejection of leases approved by the Bankruptcy Court and 
otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
8.0 Financial Accounting Practices, etc.

The Borrowers and the Guarantor shall make 
and keep books, records and accounts which, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect their transactions and 
dispositions of their assets and maintain a system of internal 
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances 
that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with 
management's general or specific authorization, (ii) 
transactions are recorded as necessary (A) to permit preparation 
of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and (B) to 
maintain accountability for assets, and (iii) the recorded 
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets 
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with 
respect to any differences.

The Borrowers shall maintain a system of 
internal procedures and controls sufficient to provide 
reasonable assurance that the information required to be set 
forth in each Borrowing Base Certificate (including, without 
limitation, information relating to the identification of assets 
which are Eligible Inventory as provided herein and the 
valuation thereof) is accurate in all material respects.

8.0 Compliance with Laws. The Borrowers and the 
Guarantor shall comply with all applicable Laws (including but 
not limited to compliance in respect of products that they sell 
or service they perform, conduct of their businesses, or use, 
maintenance or operation of real and personal properties owned 
or possessed by them) with respect to which failure to comply 
would have a Material Adverse Effect.

8.0 Further Assurances. The Borrowers and the 
Guarantor promptly shall do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, 
record, file, register and perform any and all such further 
acts, deeds, conveyances, estoppel certificates, assurances and 
other instruments as the Agent or the Majority Lenders may 
reasonably request from time to time in order (a) to carry out 
more effectively the purposes of this Agreement or any other 
Related Document, (b) to perfect and maintain the validity, 
effectiveness and priority of the Lien in the Collateral and the 
liens and security interests intended to be created by this 
Agreement and by any of the other Related Documents, and (c) to 
better assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, 
protect and confirm unto the Lenders and Agent the rights 
granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the 
Lenders and the Agent under any Related Document. The 
assurances contemplated by this Section 8.07 shall be given 
under applicable nonbankruptcy Law as well as the Bankruptcy 
Code, it being the intention of the parties that the Agent or 
the Majority Lenders may request assurances under applicable
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
nonbankruptcy Law, and such request shall be complied with (if 
otherwise made in good faith by the Agent or the Majority 
Lenders) whether or not the Interim Bankruptcy Court Order or 
the Final Bankruptcy Court Order, as the case may be, is in 
force and whether or not dismissal of the Chapter 11 Cases or 
any other action by the Bankruptcy Court is imminent, likely or 
threatened.

8.0 Maintenance of Accounts. The Borrowers and the 
Guarantor shall enter into Collection Account Agreements and a 
Restricted Account Agreement satisfactory to the Agent with 
respect to the accounts and financial institutions set forth on 
Schedule 8.08 hereto and enter into similar agreements, in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, with respect 
to any account that receives remittances and other proceeds of 
credit card sales of the Borrowers and the Guarantors, in each 
case, within 15 days after the Entry Date. Each of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor agrees and covenants that all cash, 
all proceeds of the Inventory and all proceeds of Collateral, 
including, without limitation, all remittances from credit card 
sales by the Borrowers and the Guarantor, shall be deposited in 
a Depositary Account, a Collection Account or the Cash 
Concentration Account in a manner consistent with past 
practices. Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor shall cause 
all funds in the Depository Accounts to be promptly transferred 
to a Collection Account or the Cash Concentration Account and 
shall cause all funds in the Collection Accounts to be promptly 
transferred to the Cash Concentration Account. In addition, 
each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor shall cause all 
remittances or other proceeds of credit card sales to be 
promptly transferred from the financial institution that 
receives such remittances or other proceeds to a Collection 
Account or the Cash Concentration Account.

8.0 Taxes. Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
shall pay and discharge, to the extent consistent with the 
rights and obligations of the Borrowers and the Guarantor as 
debtors-in-possession under the Bankruptcy Code, all 
post-petition taxes, assessments and governmental charges upon 
it, its income and its properties prior to the date on which 
penalties are attached thereto, unless and to the extent only 
that (a) such taxes, assessments and governmental charges shall 
be contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings by 
either Borrower or the Guarantor, as the case may be, and (b) 
adequate reserves are maintained by such Borrower or the 
Guarantor with respect thereto.

8. Pension Plans.

Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor and 
each ERISA Affiliate will furnish to the Agent forthwith upon
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
filing or receipt, as the case may be, a copy of (A) any notice 
by either Borrower, the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate of a 
Benefit Plan termination sent to the PBGC under Section 4041 of 
ERISA, or (B) any notice sent or received by either Borrower, 
the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate under Section 4041, 4042, 
4043, 4063, 4065, 4066 or 4068 or ERISA.

Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
will notify the Agent within ten (10) Business Days after it 
knows or has reason to know that a prohibited transaction 
(defined in Section 406 of ERISA and 4975 of the Code) has 
occurred with respect to a Plan and shall send a statement of 
the chief financial officer of such Person describing such 
transaction and the action which such Person has taken, is 
taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
shall notify the Agent within ten (10) Business Days after 
receipt by either Borrower, the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate 
of a notice from a Multiemployer Plan regarding the imposition 
of withdrawal liability and shall send copies of each such 
notice.

Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
shall notify the Agent within ten (10) Business Days after it 
sends notice of a plant closing or mass layoff (as defined in 
WARN) to employees.

Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor and 
each ERISA Affiliate will furnish to the Agent as soon as 
practicable upon filing a copy of each Annual Report (Form 5500) 
in respect of each Benefit Plan.

ARTICLE
NEGATIVE COVENANTS

The Borrowers and the Guarantor jointly and severally 
covenant to the Agent and the Lenders as follows, subject to 
waiver by the Majority Lenders as provided herein:

9.0 Interim Bankruptcy Court Order; Final Bankruptcy 
Court Order; Administrative Priority; Lien Priority; Payment of 
Claims.

Neither the Borrowers nor the Guarantor 
shall at any time seek, consent to or suffer to exist any 
modification, stay, vacation or amendment of the Interim 
Bankruptcy Court Order or the Final Bankruptcy Court Order 
except for modifications and amendments mutually agreed to by 
the Majority Lenders.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Neither the Borrowers nor the Guarantor 
shall at any time suffer to exist a priority for any 
administrative expense or unsecured claim against either 
Borrower or the Guarantor (now existing or hereafter arising of 
any kind or nature whatsoever, including without limitation any 
administrative expenses of the kind specified in Sections 503(b) 
and 507(b) of the Bankruptcy Code) equal or superior to the 
priority of the Lenders and the Agent in respect of the 
Obligations, except for the Carve-Out Expenses having priority 
over the Obligations to the extent set forth in the definition 
of Agreed Administrative Expense Priorities.

Neither the Borrowers nor the Guarantor 
shall at any time suffer to exist any Lien on any Collateral 
having a priority equal or superior to the Lien in favor of the 
Lenders and the Agent in respect of the Collateral, except for 
Permitted Liens, or any Liens on Inventory.

Prior to the date on which the Obligations 
have been paid in full in cash and the Revolving Credit 
Commitment of each Lender have been terminated, neither the 
Borrowers nor the Guarantor shall pay any administrative expense 
claims except (i) Priority Professional Expenses and (ii) other 
administrative expense claims incurred in the ordinary course of 
the business of the Borrowers and the Guarantor, in each case to 
the extent and having the order of priority set forth in the 
definition of Agreed Administrative Expense Priorities.

9.0 Cumulative FIFO EBITDA.

The Borrowers shall not permit Cumulative FIFO 
EBITDA for the fiscal months listed below to be less than the 
amount specified opposite each such date:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Month Ending FIFO EBITDA
<S> <C>
February 1994 ($3,987,000)
March 1994 ($5,550,000)
April 1994 ($7,461,000)
May 1994 ($7,942,000)
June 1994 ($5,642,000)
July 1994 ($7,163,000)
August 1994 ($548,000)
September 1994 $4,642,000
October 1994 $3,817,000
November 1994 $6,713,000
December 1994 $30,567,000
January 1995 $20,425,000
February 1995 $21,189,000
March 1995 $22,145,000
April 1995 $23,014,000
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S> <C>
May 1995 $23,965,000
June 1995 $25,151,000
July 1995 $26,009,000
August 1995 $27,351,000
September 1995 $28,713,000
October 1995 $29,611,000
November 1995 $27,971,000
December 1995 $25,075,000
January 1996 (and thereafter)
$24,463,000
</TABLE>
9.0 Liens. Neither the Borrowers nor the Guarantor 
shall at any time create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens 
on any of its properties or assets, tangible or intangible, now 
owned or hereafter acquired, or agree or become liable to do so, 
except for the following ("Permitted Liens"):

the Lien in favor of the Agent on behalf of 
the Lenders with respect to the Collateral and the Lien in 
favor of the Letter of Credit Issuer in connection with 
the issuance of Letters of Credit by the Letter of Credit 
Issuer in connection with this Agreement;

Liens which were in existence on the Filing 
Date and which are listed on Schedule 9.03 hereof;

Deposits or pledges to secure utility and 
similar services, to secure workmen's compensation, 
unemployment insurance, old age benefits or other social 
security obligations, or in connection with or to secure 
the performance of bids, tenders, trade contracts or 
leases, or to secure statutory obligations, or stay, 
surety, appeal or custom bonds, or other pledges or 
deposits of like nature, and all in the ordinary course of 
business;

Liens on property to be used by the 
Borrowers or the Guarantor in the ordinary course of their 
business other than Inventory, securing payment of all or 
part of the purchase price thereof, and Liens with respect 
to equipment leases which equipment is used by the 
Borrowers or the Guarantor in the ordinary course of their 
business, provided that the aggregate amount of 
Indebtedness at any one time outstanding and secured by 
such Liens shall not exceed $5 million, and further 
provided that such Liens are confined solely to the 
property so purchased, improvements thereto and proceeds 
thereof;

Zoning restrictions, rights of way, 
consents, covenants, reservations, encumbrances,
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
easements, minor restrictions on the use of real property, 
minor irregularities in title thereto and other minor 
Liens, charges and encumbrances that do not secure the 
payment of money or the performance of an obligation and 
that do not in the aggregate materially detract from the 
value of a property or asset to, or materially impair its 
use in the business of, the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
taken as a whole;

Nonconsensual Liens of warehousemen, 
materialmen, mechanics, carriers and landlords and other 
like Persons, which Liens arise in the ordinary course of 
either the Borrower's or the Guarantor's business;

Liens in connection with any taxes, 
assessments, charges, levies or claims that are not yet 
due and payable or which either Borrower or the Guarantor 
is contesting in good faith and by appropriate proceedings 
diligently conducted so long as reserves or other 
appropriate provisions as may be required by GAAP have 
been made therefor and so long as the failure to pay the 
same does not have a Material Adverse Effect; and

extensions, renewals or replacements of any 
Lien permitted pursuant to clauses (a) through (g) above; 
provided that the principal amount of the obligation 
secured thereby is not increased and that any such 
extension, renewal or replacement is limited to the 
property originally encumbered thereby.

9.0 Indebtedness. Neither Borrower nor the 
Guarantor shall create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any 
Indebtedness, except for the following ("Permitted 
Indebtedness"):

Indebtedness in favor of the Agent on 
behalf of the Lenders and to any Letter of Credit Issuer 
under any Letter of Credit Application;

Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien;

Indebtedness in existence on the Filing 
Date;
Indebtedness contemplated by the Interim 
Bankruptcy Court Order or the Final Bankruptcy Court Order;

accounts payable and accrued expenses 
arising out of transactions (other than borrowings) in the 
ordinary course of business; and

intercompany indebtedness between either 
Borrower and the Guarantor or between the Borrowers.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
9.0 Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities. Neither 
the Borrowers nor the Guarantor shall at any time be or become 
liable under any Guarantee, except:

Guarantees in favor of the Agent on behalf 
of the Lender;

Guarantees in existence on the Filing Date 
and which are listed on Schedule 9.05 hereto; and

contingent liabilities arising from the 
endorsement of negotiable or other instruments for deposit 
or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary 
course of business.

9.0 Loans, Advances and Investments. Except as 
otherwise expressly permitted by this Section 9.06, neither the 
Borrowers nor the Guarantor shall at any time make or suffer to 
remain outstanding any loan or advance to, or purchase or 
acquire any stock, bond, note or security of, or any partnership 
interest (whether general or limited) in, or any other interest 
in, or make any capital contribution to, any other Person. By 
way of illustration, and without limitation of the foregoing, it 
is understood that the Borrowers and the Guarantor will be 
deemed to have made an advance to a Person: (x) to the extent 
that either the Borrowers or the Guarantor performs any service 
for such Person (including but not limited to management 
services), or transfers any property to such Person, and is not 
reimbursed for such service or property and (y) to the extent 
that either the Borrowers or the Guarantor pays any obligation 
on behalf of such Person. The amount of such advance shall be 
deemed to be the fair value of the services so performed or 
property so transferred (in the case of clause (x)) or the 
amount so paid by the Borrower or the Guarantors (in the case of 
clause (y)).

The following are excepted from the operation of this 
Section 9.06:

advances to employees to meet expenses 
incurred by such employees or with respect to salary 
advances and other similar advances, in each case to 
non-Affiliates and in the ordinary course of business;

advances to employees not permitted by clause 
(a) above in an aggregate amount not in excess of $50,000;

the Letter of Credit Cash Collateral 
Account and the other accounts permitted or required to be 
maintained pursuant hereto, any investment of funds on deposit 
in the foregoing to the extent expressly permitted hereunder,
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
subject to the provisions of 11 U.S.C. Section 345 or as 
otherwise authorized by the Bankruptcy Court;

loans and advances between either Borrower 
and the Guarantor or among the Guarantors; and

advances to or for the benefit of 
Subsidiaries of MGRE (which are not debtors in the Chapter 
11 Cases), in an aggregate amount not to exceed $4 million 
each calendar month, to pay the lease payments for the 
retail stores.

9.0 Dividends and Related Distributions. Neither 
the Borrowers and nor Guarantor shall declare, make, pay or 
agree to pay, any dividend or other distribution of any nature 
(whether in cash, property, securities or otherwise) on account 
of or in respect of any shares of its capital stock or on 
account of the purchase, redemption, retirement or acquisition 
of any partnership interests or shares of capital stock (or 
warrants, options or rights therefor).

9.0 Merger, etc. Neither the Borrowers nor the 
Guarantor shall merge with or into or consolidate with any other 
Person, or sell, lease (as lessor) or otherwise dispose of all 
or substantially all of its assets (whether in one transaction 
or in a series of transactions), or agree to do any of the 
foregoing.

9.0 Dispositions of Assets. Neither the Borrowers 
nor the Guarantor shall sell, convey, assign, lease, abandon or 
otherwise transfer or dispose of, voluntarily or involuntarily 
(any of the foregoing being referred to in this Section 9.09 as 
a "transaction" and any series of related transactions 
constituting but a single transaction), any of its properties or 
assets, tangible or intangible (including but not limited to 
sale, assignment, discount or other disposition of accounts, 
contract rights, chattel paper or general intangibles with or 
without recourse), except that the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
may engage in any of the following transactions without the 
release or consent of the Agent or the Majority Lenders:

transactions in the ordinary course of 
business;

(i) the disposition of assets in connection 
with store closings as a result of lease expirations, (ii) 
dispositions of assets (other than dispositions permitted 
by clauses (i) and (iii) of this Section 9.09(b)), other 
than Inventory, for fair market value, provided that the 
Book Value of the assets disposed of pursuant to this 
clause (ii) plus the Book Value of the equipment or
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
fixtures sold under paragraph (c) of this Section 9.09, in 
the aggregate, do not exceed $10,000,000, (iii) 
dispositions of Inventory in connection with store 
closings, provided that the Borrowers shall use their best 
efforts to maximize the proceeds of the Inventory disposed 
of in connection with such store closings, and (iv) 
disposition of assets approved by the Majority Lenders in 
its sole judgment exercised reasonably, provided, further, 
that (A) not more than two hundred fifty (250) stores, in 
the aggregate, shall be closed pursuant to clauses (i), 
(ii) and (iii) of this Section 9.09(b) and (B) MGRE shall 
promptly report each such transaction under this Section 
9.09(b) to the Lenders; and

(c) sales of equipment or fixtures which are 
worn out or obsolete, provided that the Book Value of such 
equipment and fixtures plus the Book Value of the assets 
disposed of under clause (ii) of paragraph (b) of this Section 
9.09, in the aggregate, do not exceed $10,000,000.

9. Affiliates. Neither the Borrowers nor the 
Guarantor will provide funds to any Affiliate except:

the Borrowers and the Guarantor may pay 
wages, salaries, directors' fees and related benefits and 
may make expense reimbursements to Affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business;

the Borrowers and the Guarantor may advance 
funds to their Subsidiaries for the payment of the normal 
and customary operating expenses of such Subsidiaries, 
provided that the aggregate amount of such normal and 
customary operating expenses shall not exceed $100,000; and

as permitted by Section 9.06(e).

9. Continuation of or Change In Business. Each of 
the Borrowers and the Guarantor shall continue to engage in its 
business substantially as conducted and operated during the 
present and preceding fiscal year, and the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor will not engage in any other business.

9. Capital Expenditures. MGRE shall not permit 
aggregate Capital Expenditures for MGRE and its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries to exceed in the aggregate (i) $18,000,000 during 
each of the periods from (A) the Entry Date through January 31, 
1995 and (B) February 1, 1995 through January 31, 1996, and (ii) 
$4,500,000 during the period from February 1, 1997 through the 
Termination Date.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
9. Markup and Markdown Policies. The Borrowers 
shall not engage in policies or procedures with respect to 
markups or markdowns of Inventory which policies and procedures, 
including the timing, amount and implementation of such markups 
and markdowns, are inconsistent in any material respect with the 
past practices of the Borrowers absent the prior written consent 
of the Majority Lenders, which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed.

9. Environmental. Neither the Borrowers nor the 
Guarantor shall dispose of any Contaminant by placing it in or 
on the ground or waters of any property owned or leased by it 
if, as the consequence of all such disposals, the Borrowers and 
the Guarantor would incur Environmental Liabilities and Costs in 
excess of $1,000,000.

9. ERISA. Neither the Borrowers nor the Guarantor 
will, so long as any of the Obligations are outstanding and this 
Agreement has not been terminated:

engage in any prohibited transaction 
described in Section 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Code for 
which a statutory or class exemption is not available or a 
private exemption has not previously been obtained from 
the Department of Labor;

permit, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to 
permit, any enforceable Lien from arising under Section 
412(n) of the Code;

amend or permit any ERISA Affiliate to 
amend any Benefit Plan in a manner that would require 
security under Section 307 of ERISA; or

request or permit any ERISA Affiliate to 
request a waiver of the minimum funding requirements under 
Section 412 of the Code in respect of any Benefit Plan.

9. Maintenance of Inventory. The Borrowers shall 
not permit the aggregate amount of their Inventory (valued at 
Book Value) at the end of each fiscal month set forth below to 
be less than or more than the amounts specified opposite such 
month set forth below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Fiscal Month Minimum Amount Maximum Amount
<S> <C> <C>
February 1994 $ 84,790,000 $127,186,000
March 1994 $100,768,000 $151,152,000
April 1994 $101,955,000 $152,933,000
May 1994 $105,222,000 $157,834,000
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S> <C> <C>
June 1994 $111,282,000 $166,922,000
July 1994 $121,824,000 $182,736,000
August 1994 $120,461,000 $180,691,000
September 1994 $114,189,000 $171,283,000
October 1994 $122,713,000 $184,069,000
November 1994 $132,782,000 $199,172,000
December 1994 $ 87,137,000 $130,705,000
January 1995 $ 88,748,000 $133,122,000
February 1995 $ 83,449,000 $125,173,000
March 1995 $ 99,472,000 $149,208,000
April 1995 $100,813,000 $151,219,000
May 1995 $104,256,000 $156,384,000
June 1995 $110,538,000 $165,806,000
July 1995 $121,123,000 $181,685,000
August 1995 $119,942,000 $179,914,000
September 1995 $113,976,000 $170,964,000
October 1995 $122,604,000 $183,906,000
November 1995 $132,634,000 $198,952,000
December 1995 $ 87,378,000 $131,066,000
January 1996 $ 89,440,000 $134,160,000
February 1996 $ 83,449,000 $125,173,000
March 1996 $ 99,472,000 $149,208,000
April 1996 $100,813,000 $151,219,000

</TABLE>
9. Payments. Neither the Borrowers nor the 
Guarantor shall make any payment of principal or interest or 
otherwise on account of any Indebtedness or trade payable 
incurred prior to the Filing Date, provided that such payments 
may be made: (i) to the holders of, or in respect of, wage, 
salary, commission and employee benefit obligations (including 
expense reimbursements) which arose prior to the Filing Date; 
(ii) to landlords in connection with the assumption of unexpired 
leases under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code in an aggregate 
amount not to exceed $4,000,000; (iii) to holders of secured 
indebtedness of the Borrowers and the Guarantor in such amounts 
as are determined by the Bankruptcy Court, not to exceed (A) the 
regularly scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 
$5,000,000 of Indebtedness described on Schedule 9.17 hereto and 
(B) the scheduled payments of interest on the $10,000,000 of 
Indebtedness described on Schedule 9.17 hereto; and (iv) to 
other Persons in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,000,000, 
in each case after prior written notice of such payment has been 
given by MGRE to the Agent and subject to approval of the 
Bankruptcy Court. Nothing contained in this Section 9.17 shall 
prevent the Borrowers from effecting the payment of or otherwise 
issuing goods or refunds in connection with payroll taxes, trust 
fund taxes, sales taxes, gift certificates and layaways.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
ARTICLE
DEFAULTS

10.0 Events of Default. An Event of Default shall 
mean the occurrence or existence of one or more of the following 
events or conditions (whatever the reason for such Event of 
Default and whether voluntary, involuntary or effected by 
operation of Law):

The Borrowers or the Guarantor shall fail 
to make any payment of principal under this Agreement or 
any Reimbursement Obligation when due; or the Borrowers or 
the Guarantor shall fail to pay when due any other amount 
payable under this Agreement or any other Related Document 
(including but not limited to the making of deposits in 
the Depository Accounts, the Collection Accounts, the Cash 
Concentration Account or the Letter of Credit Cash 
Collateral Account), including any interest or fee due 
hereunder or under the Fee Letter or any other Related 
Document and such failure shall continue unremedied for 
more than five business days; or

Any representation or warranty made by the 
Borrowers or the Guarantor under this Agreement or any 
other Related Document or any material statement made by 
the Borrowers or the Guarantor in any financial statement, 
certificate, report, or document furnished to the Agent or 
the Lenders pursuant to or in connection with this 
Agreement or any other Related Document, shall, when taken 
together with all other information supplied by the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor to the Agent or the Lenders, 
prove to have been false or misleading in any material 
respect as of the time when made (including by omission of 
material information necessary to make such 
representation, warranty or statement, in light of the 
circumstances under which it was made, not misleading); or

The Borrowers or the Guarantor shall 
default in the performance or observance of any covenant 
contained in Section 8.03, Section 8.08 or Article IX 
hereof; or

The Borrowers or the Guarantor shall 
default in the performance or observance of (i) the 
covenants contained in Section 8.01 and such default shall 
continue unremedied for a period of five (5) days, or (ii) 
any other covenant, agreement or duty under this Agreement 
or any other Related Document (to the extent not otherwise 
set forth in this Section 10.01) and such default shall 
have continued unremedied for a period of 30 days; or

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
An order with respect to any of the Chapter 
11 Cases shall be entered by the Bankruptcy Court, or 
either the Borrower or the Guarantor shall file an 
application for an order with respect to any of the 
Chapter 11 Cases (i) appointing a trustee under Section 
1104 in any such Case or (ii) appointing an examiner in 
such Case with enlarged powers (beyond those set forth in 
Section 1106(a)(3)and (4) of the Bankruptcy Code) relating 
to the operation of the business under Section 1106(b) of 
the Bankruptcy Code; or

An order with respect to any of the Chapter 
11 Cases shall be entered by the Bankruptcy Court 
converting such chapter 11 case to a chapter 7 case; or

An order shall be entered by the Bankruptcy 
Court confirming a plan or plans of reorganization in any 
of the Chapter 11 Cases which does not contain a provision 
for termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments and 
payment in full in cash of all Obligations of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor hereunder and under the other 
Related Documents on or before the effective date of such 
plan or plans upon entry thereof; or

An order shall be entered by the Bankruptcy 
Court dismissing any of the Chapter 11 Cases which does 
not contain a provision for termination of the Revolving 
Credit Commitments and payment in full in cash of all 
Obligations of the Borrowers and the Guarantor hereunder 
and under the other Related Documents upon entry thereof; 
or

An order with respect to any of the Chapter 
11 Cases shall be entered by the Bankruptcy Court without 
the express prior written consent of the Majority Lenders 
(i) to revoke, reverse, stay, modify, supplement or amend 
the Interim Bankruptcy Court Order or the Final Bankruptcy 
Court Order, or (ii) to permit any administrative expense 
or any claim (now existing or hereafter arising, of any 
kind or nature whatsoever) to have administrative priority 
as to either Borrower or the Guarantor equal or superior 
to the priority of the Lenders and the Agent in respect of 
the Obligations, except for allowed administrative 
expenses having priority over the Obligations to the 
extent set forth in the definition of Agreed 
Administrative Expense Priorities, or (iii) to grant or 
permit the grant of a Lien on the Collateral or the 
Inventory; or

An application for any of the orders 
described in clauses (e), (f), (g), (h) or (i) above shall
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
be made by a Person other than the Borrowers or the 
Guarantor and such application is not contested by the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor in good faith and the relief 
requested is granted in an order that is not stayed 
pending appeal; or

An order shall be entered by the Bankruptcy 
Court that is not stayed pending appeal granting relief 
from the automatic stay to any creditor of either Borrower 
or the Guarantor with respect to any claim in an amount 
equal to or exceeding $2,000,000 in the aggregate for the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor; provided, however, that it 
shall not be an Event of Default if relief from the 
automatic stay is granted (i) solely for the purpose of 
allowing such creditor to determine the liquidated amount 
of its claim against the Borrower or such Guarantor, (ii) 
to permit the commencement of and/or prosecution of a 
proceeding to collect against an insurance company, or 
(iii) to permit a landlord to exercise its rights in 
connection with the rejection or expiration of a lease for 
a retail store; or

Either Borrower or the Guarantor shall have 
entered into any consent or settlement decree or agreement 
or similar arrangement with a Governmental Authority or 
any judgment, order, decree or similar action shall have 
been entered against either Borrower or the Guarantor 
based on or arising from the violation of or pursuant to 
any Environmental Law, or the generation, storage, 
transportation, treatment, disposal or Release of any 
Contaminant and, in connection with all of the foregoing, 
the Borrowers and the Guarantor incur Environmental 
Liabilities and Costs which are unstayed, due and owing in 
an aggregate amount in excess of $1,000,000; or

Any Termination Event occurs which the 
Agent believes would be reasonably likely to obligate 
either Borrower or the Guarantor to make payment on or 
before the Termination Date in an aggregate amount in 
excess of $1,000,000.

10.0 Consequences of an Event of Default. If an 
Event of Default shall occur and be continuing or shall exist 
the Agent may, and upon the direction of the Majority Lenders, 
shall by notice to MGRE,

declare the Revolving Credit Commitment of 
each Lender and the Current Commitment terminated, 
whereupon the Revolving Credit Commitment of each 
Lender and the Current Commitment will terminate 
immediately and any fees hereunder shall be
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
immediately due and payable without further order of 
or application to the Bankruptcy Court, presentment, 
demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of 
which are hereby expressly waived, and an action 
therefor shall immediately accrue; or

declare the unpaid principal amount of the 
Notes, interest accrued thereon, the total amount of 
the Letter of Credit Exposure that is not cash 
collateralized in accordance with this Agreement and 
all other amounts owing by the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor hereunder or under the Notes to be 
immediately due and payable without further order of 
or application to the Bankruptcy Court, presentment, 
demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of 
which are hereby expressly waived, and an action 
therefor shall immediately accrue; or

give notice to MGRE of the occurrence and 
continuance of an Event of Default; or

at any time when there are no Loans 
outstanding, maintain cash collateral (to the extent 
the Borrowers have or receive cash) equal to 105% of 
all outstanding Letters of Credit; or

apply all funds deposited in the Cash 
Concentration Account, Collection Accounts and in the 
Letter of Credit Cash Collateral Account to the 
payment, in whole or in part, of the Obligations; or

set-off amounts in the Cash Concentration 
Account, the Letter of Credit Collateral Account, 
Collection Accounts or any other account under the 
dominion and control of the Agent and apply such 
amounts to the Obligations of the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor hereunder and under the Related Documents.

10.0 Certain Remedies. If an Event of Default 
occurs, each of the Agent and the Lenders may exercise all 
rights and remedies which it may have hereunder or under any 
other Related Document or at law (including but not limited to 
the Bankruptcy Code and the Uniform Commercial Code) or in 
equity or otherwise. All such remedies shall be cumulative and 
not exclusive.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
ARTICLE
MISCELLANEOUS

11.0 Holidays. Except as otherwise provided herein, 
whenever any payment or action to be made or taken hereunder or 
under the Notes shall be stated to be due on a day which is not 
a Business Day, such payment or action shall be made or taken on 
the next following Business Day and such extension of time shall 
be included in computing interest or fees, if any, in connection 
with such payment or action.

11.0 Records. The unpaid principal amount of the 
Notes, the unpaid interest accrued thereon, the interest rate or 
rates applicable to such unpaid principal amount, the duration 
of such applicability, the Current Commitment, the Stated Amount 
of each Letter of Credit, the principal amount of all 
Reimbursement Obligations, the Letter of Credit Exposure, and 
the accrued and unpaid commitment fee, facility fee, agent's 
fee, Unused Line Fee and Letter of Credit fees shall at all 
times be ascertained from the records of the Agent, which shall 
be conclusive absent manifest error.

11.0 Amendments and Waivers. No amendment or 
modification of any provision of this Agreement or of any of the 
Notes shall be effective without the written agreement of the 
Majority Lenders, the Borrowers and the Guarantor and no 
termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of 
any of the Notes, or consent to any departure by the Borrowers 
and the Guarantor therefrom, shall in any event be effective 
without the written concurrence of the Majority Lenders, which 
the Majority Lenders shall have the right to grant or withhold 
at their sole discretion; except that any amendment, 
modification, or waiver of (i) any provision of Article II or 
III which amendment, modification or waiver increases the 
Revolving Credit Commitment of any Lender, changes the principal 
amount or the final maturity of the Loans or Letters of Credit, 
or reduces the interest rate applicable to the Loans or the 
amount of the fees payable pursuant hereto, (ii) the definitions 
of "Termination Date", "Majority Lenders" and "Pro Rata Shares", 
(iii) any provision in this Agreement or any Related Document 
which amendment, modification or waiver releases or subordinates 
the super priority claim status of the Obligations (except as 
permitted in this Agreement and the Related Documents) or 
releases the Guarantor, (iv) any provision of this Agreement 
that would permit Liens on Inventory of the Borrowers (except as 
otherwise permitted in this Agreement) or (v) the provisions 
contained in this Section 11.03, shall be effective only if 
evidenced by a writing signed by or on behalf of all Lenders. 
No amendment, modification, termination, or waiver of any 
provision of Article XII or any other provision referring to the 
Agent shall be effective without the written concurrence of the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Agent. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the 
specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was 
given. No notice to or demand on either Borrower or the 
Guarantor in any case shall entitle the Borrowers or the 
Guarantor to any other or further notice or demand in similar or 
other circumstances. Any amendment, modification, waiver or 
consent effected in accordance with this Section 11.03 shall be 
binding on each Lender, each future Lender, and, if signed by 
the Borrowers and the Guarantor, on the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in subsection 11.03(a), in the event that the 
Borrowers request that this Agreement be amended or otherwise 
modified in a manner which would require the unanimous consent 
of all of the Lenders and such amendment or other modification 
is agreed to by the Majority Lenders, then, with the consent of 
the Borrowers and the Majority Lenders, the Borrowers and the 
Majority Lenders may amend this Agreement without the consent of 
the Lender or Lenders which did not agree to such amendment or 
other modification (collectively the "Minority Lenders") to 
provide for (w) the termination of the Revolving Credit 
Commitment of each of the Minority Lenders, (x) the addition to 
this Agreement of one or more other Lenders, or an increase in 
the Revolving Credit Commitment of one or more of the Majority 
Lenders, so that the Revolving Credit Commitments after giving 
effect to such amendment shall be in the same aggregate amount 
as the Revolving Credit Commitments immediately before giving 
effect to such amendment, (y) if any Loans are outstanding at 
the time of such amendment, the making of such additional Loans 
by such new Lenders or Majority Lenders, as the case may be, as 
may be necessary to repay in full the outstanding Loans of the 
Minority Lenders immediately before giving effect to such 
amendment and (z) the payment of all fees and other Obligations 
payable or accrued in favor of the Minority Lenders and such 
other modifications to this Agreement as the Borrowers and the 
Majority Lenders may determine to be appropriate.

11.0 No Implied Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No 
course of dealing and no delay or failure of the Lenders or the 
Agent in exercising any right, power or privilege under this 
Agreement, the Notes or any other Related Document shall affect 
any other or future exercise thereof or exercise of any other 
right, power or privilege; nor shall any single or partial 
exercise of any such right, power or privilege or any 
abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right, 
power or privilege preclude any further exercise thereof or of 
any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies of 
the Lenders or the Agent under this Agreement, the Notes and the 
other Related Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any 
rights or remedies which the Lenders or the Agent have
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
thereunder or at law or in equity or otherwise. The Lenders or 
the Agent may exercise their rights and remedies against the 
Borrowers, the Guarantor and the Collateral as the Lenders and 
the Agent may elect, and regardless of the existence or adequacy 
of any other right or remedy.

11.0 Notices.

All notices, requests, demands, directions 
and other communications (collectively "notices") under the 
provisions of this Agreement or the Notes shall be in writing 
(including telexed and telecopied communication) unless 
otherwise expressly permitted hereunder and shall be sent by 
first-class or first-class express mail, or by telex or telecopy 
with confirmation in writing mailed first-class, or by overnight 
courier, or by personal delivery, in all cases with charges 
prepaid. Any properly given notice shall be effective when 
received. All notices shall be sent to the applicable party at 
the address stated on the signature page hereof together with, 
in the case of a letter of credit request and Letter of Credit 
Application sent pursuant to Section 3.01(a), a copy to the 
Agent at the address for the Agent provided on the signature 
page hereof, or in accordance with the last unrevoked written 
direction from such party to the other parties hereto.

Nothing in this Agreement or in any other 
Related Document shall be construed to limit or affect the 
obligation of the Borrowers, the Guarantor or any other Person 
to serve upon the Agent in the manner prescribed by the 
Bankruptcy Code any pleading or notice required to be given to 
the Agent pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code.

The Lenders and the Agent may rely, and 
shall be fully protected in relying, on any notice purportedly 
made by or on behalf of either Borrower or the Guarantor, and 
the Lenders and the Agent shall have no duty to verify the 
identity or authority of any Person giving such notice. The 
preceding sentence shall apply to all notices whether or not 
made in a manner authorized or required by this Agreement or any 
other Related Document.

Unless the context otherwise requires, the 
obligations, duties, agreements, representations and warranties 
of the Borrowers and the Guarantor hereunder shall for all 
purposes be joint and several. In addition, in acting 
hereunder, the Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled (i) 
conclusively to rely upon the direction, notice, request or 
other communication received from MGRE without the need to 
confirm or otherwise communicate with MGRD or the Guarantor 
hereunder, and (ii) to give any direction, notice, request or 
other communication to MGRE without the need to confirm or
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
otherwise communicate with MGRD or the Guarantor hereunder, and 
any such direction, notice, request or other communication 
(whether from or to MGRE) shall be conclusive, binding and 
enforceable against the Borrowers and the Guarantor.

11.0 Expenses; Taxes; Attorneys' Fees; 
Indemnification. The Borrowers jointly and severally agree to 
pay or cause to be paid, on demand, and to save the Agent (and, 
in the case of clauses (c) through (m) below, the Lenders) 
harmless against liability for the payment of, all reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses, regardless of whether the transactions 
contemplated hereby are consummated, including but not limited 
to reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for the Agent (and, 
in the case of clauses (c) through (m) below, the Lenders), 
accounting, due diligence, periodic field audits, investigation, 
monitoring of assets, syndication, miscellaneous disbursements, 
examination, travel, lodging and meals, incurred by the Agent 
(and, in the case of clauses (c) through (m) below, the Lenders) 
from time to time arising from or relating to: (a) the 
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance and 
administration of this Agreement and the other Related 
Documents, (b) any requested amendments, waivers or consents to 
this Agreement or the other Related Documents whether or not 
such documents become effective or are given, (c) the 
preservation and protection of any of the Agent's and the 
Lender's rights under this Agreement or the other Related 
Documents, (d) the defense of any claim or action asserted or 
brought against the Agent or the Lenders by any Person that 
arises from or relates to this Agreement, any other Related 
Document, the Agent's or the Lender's claims against the 
Borrowers, or any and all matters in connection therewith, (e) 
the commencement or defense of, or intervention in, any court 
proceeding arising from or related to this Agreement or any 
other Related Document, (f) the filing of any petition, 
complaint, answer, motion or other pleading by the Agent or the 
Lenders, or the taking of any action in respect to Collateral or 
other security, in connection with this Agreement or any other 
Related Document, (g) the protection, collection, lease, sale, 
taking possession of or liquidation of, any Collateral or other 
security in connection with this Agreement or any other Related 
Document, (h) any attempt to enforce any lien or security 
interest in any Collateral or other security in connection with 
this Agreement or any other Related Document, (i) any attempt to 
collect from either Borrower or the Guarantor, (j) the receipt 
of any advice with respect to any of the foregoing, (k) all 
Environmental Liabilities and Costs arising from or in 
connection with the past, present or future operations of 
Borrowers or the Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries 
involving any damage to real or personal property or natural 
resources or harm or injury alleged to have resulted from any 
Release of Contaminants on, upon or into such property, (l) any
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
costs or liabilities incurred in connection with the 
investigation, removal, cleanup and/or remediation of any 
Contaminant present or arising out of the operations of any 
facility of either Borrower or the Guarantor or any of their 
Subsidiaries, or (m) any costs or liabilities incurred in 
connection with any Environmental Lien. Without limitation of 
the foregoing or any other provision of any Related Document: 
(x) the Borrowers and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree 
to pay all stamp, document, transfer, recording or filing taxes 
or fees and similar impositions now or hereafter determined by 
the Agent or any of the Lenders to be payable in connection with 
this Agreement or any other Related Document, and the Borrowers 
and the Guarantor agree jointly and severally to save the Agent 
and the Lenders harmless from and against any and all present or 
future claims, liabilities or losses with respect to or 
resulting from any omission to pay or delay in paying any such 
taxes, fees or impositions, and (y) if either Borrower or the 
Guarantor fail to perform any covenant or agreement contained 
herein or in any other Related Document, the Agent may itself 
perform or cause performance of such covenant or agreement, and 
the expenses of the Agent incurred in connection therewith shall 
be reimbursed on demand by the Borrowers and the Guarantor. The 
Borrowers and the Guarantor jointly and severally agree to 
indemnify and defend the Agent and the Lenders and their 
directors, officers, agents, employees and affiliates 
(collectively the "Indemnified Parties") from, and hold each of 
them harmless against, any and all losses, liabilities, claims, 
damages, costs or expenses of any nature whatsoever (including 
reasonable attorneys' fees and amounts paid in settlement) 
incurred by, imposed upon or asserted against any of them 
arising out of or by reason of any investigation, litigation or 
other proceeding brought or threatened relating to, or otherwise 
arising out of or relating to, the execution of this Agreement 
or any other Related Document, the transactions contemplated 
hereby or thereby or any Loan or proposed Loan or Letter of 
Credit or proposed Letter of Credit hereunder (including, but 
without limitation, any use made or proposed to be made by the 
Borrowers or any of their affiliates of the proceeds of any 
thereof, or the delivery or use or transfer of or the payment or 
failure to pay under any Loan or Letter of Credit) but excluding 
any such losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs or expenses 
to the extent finally judicially determined to have resulted 
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the 
Indemnified Parties.

11.0 Application. Except to the extent, if any, 
expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the Related 
Documents, the Agent and the Lenders shall have the right to 
apply any payment received or applied by it in connection with 
the Obligations to such of the Obligations then due and payable 
as it may elect.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
11.0 Severability. The provisions of this Agreement 
are intended to be severable. If any provision of this 
Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in 
part in any jurisdiction such provision shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or 
unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or 
enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the 
remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction.

11.0 Governing Law. This Agreement and the Notes 
shall be deemed to be contracts under the laws of the State of 
New York, without regard to choice of law principles, and for 
all purposes shall be governed by and construed and enforced in 
accordance with the laws of said State except as the law is 
governed by the Bankruptcy Code.

11. Prior Understandings. This Agreement supersedes 
all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or 
oral, among the parties hereto relating to the transactions 
provided for herein other than the Fee Letter.

11. Duration; Survival. All representations and 
warranties of the Borrowers and the Guarantor contained herein 
or made in connection herewith shall survive the making of and 
shall not be waived by the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, the Notes or any other Related Document, any 
investigation by or knowledge of the Agent or the Lenders, the 
making of any Loan hereunder, or any other event whatever. All 
covenants and agreements of the Borrowers and the Guarantor 
contained herein shall continue in full force and effect from 
and after the date hereof so long as the Borrowers may borrow 
hereunder and until the Obligations have been paid in full and 
no Letters of Credit remain outstanding. Without limitation, it 
is understood that all obligations of the Borrowers and the 
Guarantor to make payments to or indemnify the Agent and the 
Lenders (including, without limitation, obligations arising 
under Section 11.06 hereof) shall survive the payment in full of 
the Notes and all Reimbursement Obligations and of all other 
obligations of the Borrowers and the Guarantor thereunder and 
hereunder, termination of this Agreement and all other events 
whatsoever and whether or not any Loans are made or Letters of 
Credit issued hereunder.

11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in 
any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto 
on separate counterparts each of which, when so executed, shall 
be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall 
constitute but one and the same instrument.

11. Assignments; Participations. (a) CIT shall 
have the right at any time to assign to one or more commercial
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
banks or other financial institutions a portion of its rights 
and obligations under this Agreement (including, without 
limitation, a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment, the 
Loans owing to it and its rights and obligations as a Lender 
with respect to Letters of Credit); provided, however, that (i) 
CIT shall retain at least 36% of the aggregate Revolving Credit 
Commitments subject to any reductions of the Revolving Credit 
Commitment set forth in the Interim Bankruptcy Court Order, the 
Final Bankruptcy Court Order and this Agreement, (ii) the 
identity of each such assignee shall be subject to the consent 
of the Borrower, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed, and (iii) the parties to each such 
assignment shall execute and deliver to the Agent, for its 
acceptance and recording in the Register (as hereinafter 
defined), an Assignment and Acceptance. Upon such execution, 
delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective 
date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, (A) the 
assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent 
that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it 
pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and 
obligations (including, without limitation, the obligation to 
participate in Letters of Credit) of a Lender hereunder and (B) 
CIT shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder 
have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and 
Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from its 
obligations under this Agreement.

(b) By executing and delivering an Assignment 
and Acceptance, CIT and the assignee thereunder confirm to and 
agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: 
(i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, 
CIT makes no representation or warranty and assumes no 
responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or 
representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or 
the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, 
sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Related 
Document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) CIT makes no 
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with 
respect to the financial condition of either Borrower, the 
Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries or the performance or 
observance by either Borrower, the Guarantor or any of their 
Subsidiaries of any of their obligations under this Agreement or 
any other Related Document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) such 
assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, 
together with such other documents and information it has deemed 
appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to 
enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee 
will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any 
Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall 
deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit 
decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement;
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
(v) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such 
action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under 
this Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms 
hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental 
thereto; and (vi) such assignee agrees that it will perform in 
accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the 
terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a 
Lender.

(c) The Agent shall maintain at its address 
referred to on the signature page hereto, a copy of each 
Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a 
register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the 
Lenders and the Revolving Credit Commitment of, and principal 
amount of the Loans owing to, each Lender from time to time (the 
"Register"). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the 
Borrowers, the Guarantor, the Agent and the Lenders may treat 
each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender 
hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register 
shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers, the 
Guarantor and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to 
time upon reasonable prior notice.

(d) Upon its receipt of an Assignment and 
Acceptance executed by CIT, an assignee, the Agent, the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor, the Agent shall, if such Assignment 
and Acceptance has been completed and is in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Agent, (i) accept such Assignment and 
Acceptance and (ii) record the information contained therein in 
the Register.

(e) Each Lender may sell participations to one 
or more banks or other entities in or to all or a portion of its 
rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without 
limitation, all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment 
and the Loans owing to it and its participation in Letters of 
Credit); provided that (a) such Lender's obligations under this 
Agreement (including, without limitation, its Revolving Credit 
Commitment hereunder) shall remain unchanged; (b) such Lender 
shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for 
the performance of such obligations, and the Borrowers, the 
Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and 
directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's 
rights and obligations under this Agreement; (c) a participant 
shall not be entitled to require such Lender to take or omit to 
take any action hereunder except (y) action directly effecting 
an extension of the maturity dates of the Loans, or (z) action 
directly effecting an increase of any of the Revolving Credit 
Commitments or principal amounts of Loans or a decrease in the 
rate of interest payable on the Loans; and (d) such Lender shall
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
require any participant to which it has sold a participation to 
agree that it shall not, in turn, sell less than all of such 
participation to any Person other than an Affiliate of such 
Lender; provided that any such sale of all of a participation 
shall be subject to the conditions of this subsection 11.13(e) 
to the same extent as if it were a sale of a participation by a 
Lender.

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 
this Section 11.13, each Lender may at any time sell, assign, 
transfer, or negotiate all or any part of its rights and 
obligations under this Agreement to any Affiliate of such Lender.

11. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement and the 
other Related Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors 
and assigns (including, except for the right to request Loans or 
Letters of Credit, any trustee succeeding to the rights of 
either Borrower or the Guarantor pursuant to chapter 11 of the 
Bankruptcy Code or pursuant to any conversion to a case under 
chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code), except that neither the 
Borrowers nor the Guarantor may assign or transfer any of its 
rights hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the 
Lenders.

11. Lenders and Agent as Parties in Interest. The 
Borrowers and the Guarantor hereby stipulate and agree that the 
Lenders and the Agent are and shall remain parties in interest 
in the Chapter 11 Cases and shall have the right to participate, 
object and be heard in any motion or proceeding in connection 
therewith. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Related 
Document shall be deemed to be a waiver of any of any Lender's 
or the Agent's rights or remedies under applicable law or 
documentation. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender 
and the Agent shall have the right to make any motion or raise 
any objection it deems to be in its interest (specifically 
including but not limited to objections to use of proceeds of 
the Loans, use of Letters of Credit, to payment of professional 
fees and expenses or the amount thereof, to sales or other 
transactions outside the ordinary course of business or to 
assumption or rejection of any executory contract or lease), 
provided that neither the Agent nor any Lender will exercise 
such right if the action or inaction by either Borrower or the 
Guarantor which is the subject of such motion or objection is 
expressly permitted by any covenant or provision of this 
Agreement.

11. Confidentiality. Upon delivering to any Lender 
or the Agent, or permitting any Lender or the Agent to inspect, 
any written information pursuant to this Agreement, each Lender 
and the Agent shall treat such information as confidential to
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
the extent such information is conspicuously marked 
confidential. Each Lender and the Agent agrees to hold such 
information in confidence from the date of disclosure thereof. 
Subject to the other provisions of this Section 11.16, each 
Lender and the Agent may disclose confidential information to 
its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants or 
other professionals engaged by any Lender or the Agent only 
after determining that such third party has signed a 
confidentiality agreement obligating such third party to hold 
such information in confidence to the same extent as if it were 
a Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this 
Section 11.16 shall not apply to information within any one of 
the following categories or any combination thereof: (i) 
information the substance of which, at the time of disclosure by 
any Lender or the Agent, has been disclosed to or is known to 
any creditor or official or unofficial creditors' committee 
(other than information as to which such creditor or creditor's 
committee is then under an obligation of nondisclosure), or any 
Person other than (A) a director, officer, employee or agent of 
any of either Borrower or the Guarantor or a professional 
engaged by either Borrower or the Guarantor and (B) a Person who 
is then under an obligation of nondisclosure (otherwise than as 
a consequence of a wrongful act of any Lender or the Agent), 
(ii) information which any Lender or the Agent had in its 
possession prior to receipt thereof from the disclosing party, 
or (iii) information received by any Lender or the Agent from a 
third party having no obligations of nondisclosure with respect 
thereto. Nothing contained in this Section 11.16 shall prevent 
any disclosure: (x) believed in good faith by any Lender or the 
Agent to be required by any Law or guideline or interpretation 
or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, arbitrator 
or grand jury charged with the interpretation or administration 
thereof or compliance with any request or directive of any 
Governmental Authority, arbitrator or grand jury (whether or not 
having the force of law), (y) determined by counsel for any 
Lender or the Agent to be necessary or advisable in connection 
with enforcement or preservation of rights under or in 
connection with this Agreement or any other Related Document or 
(z) of any information which has been made public by a Person 
other than any Lender or the Agent. The Lenders and the Agent 
shall have the right to disclose any confidential information 
described in this Section 11.16 to the Letter of Credit Issuer 
and to an assignee or prospective assignee or to a participant 
or prospective participant in Loans hereunder, provided that the 
assigning or selling Lender shall have obtained from such 
assignee or prospective assignee or participant or prospective 
participant an agreement to hold such information in confidence 
to the same extent as if it were a Lender.

11. Waiver of Jury Trial. BY ITS EXECUTION AND 
DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE BORROWERS AND THE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
GUARANTOR HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES 
ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY 
LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES OR ANY OTHER RELATED 
DOCUMENT, ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY 
OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER 
VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE AGENT, THE LENDERS, THE 
BORROWERS OR THE GUARANTOR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH. 
THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE AGENT AND THE 
LENDERS TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.

11.18 Defaulting Lender. Notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary contained herein, in the event that any Lender 
(x) refuses (which refusal constitutes a breach by such Lender 
of its obligations under this Agreement and which has not been 
retracted) to make available its portion of any Loan or (y) 
notifies the Agent and/or the Borrowers that it does not intend 
to make available its portion of any Loan (each, a "Lender 
Default"), all rights and obligations hereunder of the Lender (a 
"Defaulting Lender") as to which a Lender Default is in effect 
and of the other parties hereto shall be modified by this 
Section 11.18 while such Lender Default remains in effect.

Loans shall be incurred pro rata from the 
Lenders (the "Non-Defaulting Lenders") which are not Defaulting 
Lenders based on their respective Revolving Credit Commitments, 
and no Revolving Credit Commitment shall be increased as a 
result of such Lender Default. Amounts received in respect of 
principal of the Loans shall be applied to reduce the Loans of 
each of the Lenders pro rata based on the aggregate of the 
outstanding Loans of all of the Lenders at the time of such 
application; provided that, such amount shall not be applied to 
any Loan of a Defaulting Lender at any time when, and to the 
extent that, the aggregate amount of Loans of any Non-Defaulting 
Lender exceeds such Non-Defaulting Lenders' Pro Rata Share of 
all Loans then outstanding.

The Non-Defaulting Lenders shall participate 
in Letters of Credit on the basis of their respective Pro Rata 
Shares, determined, however, as if the Revolving Credit 
Commitment of a Defaulting Lender is zero, and shall receive 
Letter of Credit Fees on such basis. A Defaulting Lender shall 
not be entitled to receive any portion of the Unused Line Fees, 
the Letter of Credit Fees or any indemnity arising from its 
commitment to make Loans and/or participate in Letters of Credit.

A Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to 
give instructions to the Agent or to approve, disapprove, 
consent to or vote on any matters relating to this Agreement and 
the Related Documents. All amendments, waivers and other 
modifications of this Agreement and the Related Documents may be
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
made without regard to a Defaulting Lender and, for purposes of 
the definition of "Majority Lenders", a Defaulting Lender shall 
be deemed not to be a Lender, not to have a Revolving Credit 
Commitment and not to have Loans outstanding.

Other than as expressly set forth in this 
Section 11.18, the rights and obligations of a Defaulting Lender 
(including the obligation to indemnify the Agent) and the other 
parties hereto shall remain unchanged. Nothing in this Section 
11.18 shall be deemed to release any Defaulting Lender from its 
Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder, shall alter such 
Revolving Credit Commitment, shall operate as a waiver of any 
default by such Defaulting Lender hereunder, or shall prejudice 
any rights which the Borrowers, the Agent or any Lender may have 
against any Defaulting Lender as a result of any default by such 
Defaulting Lender hereunder.

ARTICLE
THE AGENT

12.0 Appointment. Each Lender hereby designates and 
appoints CIT as its Agent under this Agreement and the Related 
Documents, and each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes the 
Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of 
this Agreement and the Related Documents and to exercise such 
powers as are set forth herein or therein, together with such 
other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Agent 
agrees to act as such on the express conditions contained in 
this Article XII. The provisions of this Article XII are solely 
for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders and the Borrowers 
nor the Guarantor shall have any rights as a third party 
beneficiary of any of the provisions hereof (other than as 
expressly set forth in Section 12.07). In performing its 
functions and duties under this Agreement, the Agent shall act 
solely as agent of the Lenders and does not assume and shall not 
be deemed to have assumed any obligation toward or relationship 
of agency or trust with or for either Borrower or the 
Guarantor. The Agent may perform any of its duties hereunder, 
or under the Related Documents, by or through its agents or 
employees.

12.0 Nature of Duties. The Agent shall have no 
duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in 
this Agreement or in the Related Documents. The duties of the 
Agent shall be mechanical and administrative in nature. The 
Agent shall not have by reason of this Agreement a fiduciary 
relationship in respect of any Lender. Nothing in this 
Agreement or any of the Related Documents, express or implied, 
is intended to or shall be construed to impose upon the Agent 
any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any of the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Related Documents except as expressly set forth herein or 
therein. Each Lender shall make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor in connection with the making and 
the continuance of the Loans hereunder and with the issuance of 
the Letters of Credit and shall make its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the Borrowers and the Guarantor, and the 
Agent shall have no duty or responsibility, either initially or 
on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or 
other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its 
possession before the initial Credit Extension hereunder or at 
any time or times thereafter, provided that, upon the reasonable 
request of a Lender, the Agent shall provide to such Lender any 
documents or reports delivered to the Agent by either Borrower 
or the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any 
Related Document. If the Agent seeks the consent or approval of 
the Majority Lenders to the taking or refraining from taking any 
action hereunder, the Agent shall send notice thereof to each 
Lender. The Agent shall promptly notify each Lender any time 
that the Majority Lenders have instructed the Agent to act or 
refrain from acting pursuant hereto.

12.0 Rights, Exculpation, Etc. Neither the Agent 
nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be 
liable to any Lender for any action taken or omitted by them 
hereunder or under any of the Related Documents, or in 
connection herewith or therewith, except that the Agent shall be 
obligated on the terms set forth herein for performance of its 
express obligations hereunder and except that no Person shall be 
relieved of any liability imposed by law for intentional tort. 
The Agent shall not be liable for any apportionment or 
distribution of payments made by it in good faith pursuant to 
Section 2.08(c), and if any such apportionment or distribution 
is subsequently determined to have been made in error the sole 
recourse of any Lender to whom payment was due but not made, 
shall be to recover from other Lenders any payment in excess of 
the amount which they are determined to be entitled. The Agent 
shall not be responsible to any Lender for any recitals, 
statements, representations or warranties herein or for any 
execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, 
collectibility, or sufficiency of this Agreement or any of the 
Related Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, or 
for the financial condition of either Borrower or the 
Guarantor. The Agent shall not be required to make any inquiry 
concerning either the performance or observance of any of the 
terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement or any of the 
Related Documents or the financial condition of either Borrower 
or the Guarantor, or the existence or possible existence of any 
Potential Event of Default or Event of Default. The Agent may 
at any time request instructions from the Lenders with respect 
to any actions or approvals which by the terms of this Agreement
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
or of any of the Related Documents the Agent is permitted or 
required to take or to grant, and if such instructions are 
promptly requested, the Agent shall be absolutely entitled to 
refrain from taking any action or to withhold any approval under 
any of the Related Documents until it shall have received such 
instructions from the Majority Lenders. Without limiting the 
foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever 
against the Agent as a result of the Agent acting or refraining 
from acting under this Agreement, the Notes, or any of the other 
Related Documents in accordance with the instructions of the 
Majority Lenders.

12.0 Reliance. The Agent shall be entitled to rely 
upon any written notices, statements, certificates, orders or 
other documents or any telephone message believed by it in good 
faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or 
made by the proper Person, and with respect to all matters 
pertaining to this Agreement or any of the Related Documents and 
its duties hereunder or thereunder, upon advice of counsel 
selected by it.

12.0 Indemnification. To the extent that the Agent 
is not reimbursed and indemnified by either Borrower or the 
Guarantor, the Lenders will reimburse and indemnify the Agent 
for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, 
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, 
advances or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which 
may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Agent in 
any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of 
the Related Documents or any action taken or omitted by the 
Agent under this Agreement or any of the Related Documents, in 
proportion to each Lender's Pro Rata Share, including, without 
limitation, advances and disbursements made pursuant to Section 
12.08; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable for any 
portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, 
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, advances 
or disbursements resulting from the Agent's recklessness or 
willful misconduct. The obligations of the Lenders under this 
Section 12.05 shall survive the payment in full of the Loans and 
Reimbursement Obligations and the termination of this 
Agreement. If so requested or required by a bank party to a 
Collection Account Agreement or Restricted Account Agreement, 
the Agent may agree to indemnify such bank for losses, costs and 
expenses incurred by such bank in connection with the operation 
of a Collection Account or Cash Concentration Account, as the 
case may be. Such indemnification shall be in such amount and 
on such terms as the Agent deems reasonable. The Borrowers 
jointly and severally agree to reimburse the Agent for any 
amounts paid by the Agent under any such indemnification 
arrangement relating to such Collection Account or Cash 
Concentration Account, as the case may be, and each Lender
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
agrees to indemnify the Agent for any amounts not so reimbursed 
by the Borrowers.

12.0 CIT Individually. With respect to its Pro Rata 
Share of the Revolving Credit Commitments hereunder, the Loans 
made by it and the Note issued to or held by it, CIT shall have 
and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is 
subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the 
extent set forth herein for any other Lender or holder of a 
Note. The terms "Lenders" or "Majority Lenders" or any similar 
terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, 
include CIT in its individual capacity as a Lender or one of the 
Majority Lenders. CIT may accept deposits from, lend money to, 
and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other 
business with the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries as if 
it were not acting as Agent pursuant hereto.

12.0 Successor Agent.

(a) The Agent may resign from the performance of all 
its functions and duties hereunder at any time by giving at 
least thirty (30) Business Days' prior written notice to MGRE 
and each Lender. Such resignation shall take effect upon the 
acceptance by a successor Agent of appointment pursuant to 
clauses (b) and (c) below or as otherwise provided below.

(b) Upon any such notice of resignation, the 
Majority Lenders shall appoint a successor Agent who shall be 
reasonably satisfactory to MGRE.

(c) If a successor Agent shall not have been so 
appointed within said thirty (30) Business Day period, the 
retiring Agent, with the consent of MGRE, shall then appoint a 
successor Agent who shall serve as Agent until such time, if 
any, as the Majority Lenders, with the consent of MGRE, appoint 
a successor Agent as provided above.

12.0 Collateral Matters.

(a) The Agent may from time to time, during the 
occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, make such 
disbursements and advances ("Agent Advances") which the Agent, 
in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable to preserve 
or protect the Collateral or any portion thereof, to enhance the 
likelihood or maximize the amount of repayment by the Borrowers 
and the Guarantor of the Loans and other Obligations or to pay 
any other amount chargeable to the Borrower pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, costs, 
fees and expenses as described in Section 11.06. The Agent 
Advances shall be repayable on demand and be secured by the 
Collateral. The Agent Advances shall not constitute Loans but
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
shall otherwise constitute Obligations hereunder. The Agent 
shall notify each Lender and MGRE in writing of each such Agent 
Advance, which notice shall include a description of the purpose 
of such Agent Advance. Without limitation to its obligations 
pursuant to Section 12.05, each Lender agrees that it shall make 
available to the Agent, upon the Agents's demand, in Dollars in 
immediately available funds, the amount equal to such Lender's 
Pro Rata Share of each such Agent Advance. If such funds are 
not made available to the Agent by such Lender the Agent shall 
be entitled to recover such funds, on demand from such Lender 
together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such 
payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Agent, 
at the customary rate set by the Agent for the correction of 
errors among banks for three Business Days and thereafter at the 
Regular Rate.

(b) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the 
Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien 
granted to or held by the Agent upon any Collateral upon 
termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments and payment and 
satisfaction of all Loans, Reimbursement Obligations, other 
Letter of Credit Exposure (whether or not due) and all other 
Obligations which have matured and which the Agent has been 
notified in writing are then due and payable; or constituting 
property in which the Borrower owned no interest at the time the 
Lien was granted or at any time thereafter; or if approved, 
authorized or ratified in writing by the Majority Lenders. Upon 
request by the Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in 
writing the Agent's authority to release particular types or 
items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 12.08(b).

(c) Without in any manner limiting the Agent's 
authority to act without any specific or further authorization 
or consent by the Majority Lenders (as set forth in Section 
12.08(b)), each Lender agrees to confirm in writing, upon 
request by the Agent, the authority to release Collateral 
conferred upon the Agent under Section 12.08(b). So long as no 
Event of Default is then continuing, upon receipt by the Agent 
confirmation from the Majority Lenders of its authority to 
release any particular item or types of Collateral, and upon at 
least five (5) Business Days' prior written request by the 
Borrowers, the Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized 
by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to 
evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Agent for the 
benefit of the Lenders herein or pursuant hereto upon such 
Collateral; provided, however, that (i) the Agent shall not be 
required to execute any such document on terms which, in the 
Agent's opinion, would expose the Agent to liability or create 
any obligations or entail any consequence other than the release 
of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such 
release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Obligations or any Lien upon (or obligations of either Borrower 
in respect of) all interests in the Collateral retained by the 
Borrowers.

(d) The Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to 
any Lenders to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by 
the Borrowers or the Guarantor or is cared for, protected or 
insured or has been encumbered or that the Lien granted to the 
Agent herein or pursuant hereto has been properly or 
sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected or 
enforced or is entitled to any particular priority, or to 
exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of 
care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of 
the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to the 
Agent in this Section 12.08 or in any of the Related Documents, 
it being understood and agreed that in respect of the 
Collateral, or any act, omission or event related thereto, the 
Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole 
discretion, given the Agent's own interest in the Collateral as 
one of the Lenders and that the Agent shall have no duty or 
liability whatsoever to any other Lender.

ARTICLE

GUARANTY

13.0 Guaranty. In consideration of financial 
accommodations given or to be given or continued to the 
Borrowers by the Agent, CIT and the Lenders pursuant to this 
Agreement, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees to the Agent, CIT and the Lenders payment when due, 
whether by acceleration or otherwise, of any and all of the 
Obligations, together with all interest thereon and all 
reasonable attorneys' fees, costs and expenses of collection 
incurred by the Agent, CIT and the Lenders in enforcing any of 
such liabilities.

13.0 Waiver. The Guarantor waives notice of 
acceptance of this guaranty and notice of any liability to which 
it may apply, and waives presentment, demand of payment, 
protest, notice of dishonor or nonpayment of any such 
liabilities, suit or taking other action by the Agent or the 
Lenders against, and any other notice to, any party liable 
thereon (including the Guarantor). The Lenders and the Agent 
may at any time and from time to time (whether or not after 
revocation or termination of this guaranty) without the consent 
of, or notice to the Guarantor (except as shall be required by 
applicable statutes and cannot be waived), without incurring 
responsibility to the Guarantor, without impairing or releasing 
the obligations of the Guarantor hereunder, upon or without any 
terms or conditions and in whole or in part:

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
change the manner, place or terms of 
payment, and/or change or extend the time of payment of, 
renew or alter, any Obligations, any security therefor, or 
any liability incurred directly or indirectly with respect 
thereto, and the guaranty herein made shall apply to the 
Obligations as so changed, extended, renewed or altered;

modify in any manner whatsoever any of the 
Related Documents notwithstanding that such amendments or 
modifications may result in the Obligations exceeding 
the aggregate principal sums set forth in this Agreement 
and the other Related Documents;

sell, exchange, release, surrender, realize 
upon or otherwise deal with in any manner and in any order 
any property by whomsoever at any time pledged to secure, 
or howsoever securing, the Obligations hereby guaranteed 
or any Obligations and/or any offset there against;

fail to perfect, or continue the perfection 
of, any lien or security interest in any such property, 
or delay in the perfection of any such lien or security 
interest;

exercise or refrain from exercising any 
rights against the Borrowers or others (including the 
Guarantors) or otherwise act or refrain from acting;

settle or compromise any Obligation hereby 
guaranteed or any security therefor, and may subordinate 
the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment of 
any liability (whether due or not) of the Borrower to 
creditors of the Borrowers other than the Lenders and the 
Guarantor; and

apply any sums by whomsoever paid or 
howsoever realized to any Obligations to the Agent or the 
Lenders regardless of what Obligations remain unpaid.

No invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of all or any 
part of the Obligations, or of any security therefor shall 
affect, impair or be a defense to this guaranty, and this 
guaranty is a primary obligation of the undersigned.

This guaranty is a continuing one and all 
Obligations to which it now or hereafter applies or may apply 
under the terms hereof shall be conclusively presumed to have 
been created in reliance hereon. As to the Guarantor, this 
guaranty shall continue until all Obligations shall have been 
indefeasibly repaid in full, notwithstanding a revocation by, or 
complete or partial release for any cause of, any other
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
guarantor, either Borrower or anyone liable in any manner for 
the Obligations.

Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
and at any time thereafter, the Agent may, without notice to the 
Borrowers or any other Person, make the Obligations to the Agent 
and the Lenders, whether or not then due, immediately due and 
payable hereunder as to the Guarantor, and the Lenders and the 
Agent shall be entitled to enforce the Obligations hereunder.

No delay on the part of the Agent in 
exercising any of its options, powers or rights, or partial or 
single exercise thereof, shall constitute a waiver thereof. No 
waiver of any of its rights hereunder, and no modification or 
amendment of this guaranty, shall be deemed to be effective 
unless the same shall be in writing, signed by a duly authorized 
officer of the Agent, and the same shall be effective only for 
the period, on the condition and for the specific instances and 
purposes specified therein and the same shall in no way impair 
the rights of the Lenders and the Agent or the obligations of 
the Guarantor to the Lenders and the Agent in any other respect 
at any other time.

The Guarantor agrees that, should the Agent 
bring any judicial proceedings in relation to this guaranty and 
the Related Documents, the Guarantor will not interpose any 
counterclaim or setoff of any nature.

13.0 Subordination. Any and all rights and claims 
of the Guarantor against the Borrowers or any of their property, 
arising by reason of any payment by the undersigned to the 
Lenders or the Agent pursuant to the provisions of this 
guaranty, shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment 
to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all 
liabilities of the Borrowers to the Lenders and the Agent.

13.0 Covenants. The Guarantor will ensure that each 
financial statement of the Guarantor, including without 
limitation, any audited or unaudited financial statement or 
balance sheet and any condensed balance sheet, which is 
delivered by or on behalf of the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries to any person other than a shareholder of the 
Guarantor, shall contain, or shall be accompanied by, an 
accurate written disclosure of the existence and amount of this 
guaranty.

13.0 Costs of Collection. In the case of any 
proceedings to collect any liabilities of the Guarantor to the 
Lenders and the Agent, the Guarantor shall pay all costs and 
expenses of every kind for collection, including reasonable 
attorneys' fees, and after deducting such costs and expenses
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
from the proceeds of collection, the Lenders and the Agent may 
apply any residue to any of such liabilities of the Guarantor, 
who shall continue to be liable for any deficiency, all such 
amounts payable on demand. As used herein "attorneys' fees" 
shall include, without limitation, all reasonable fees of 
counsel (including, without limitation, those incurred on 
appeals) arising from such services and all reasonably incurred 
expenses, costs, charges and other fees of such counsel, and all 
such fees shall constitute liabilities of the Guarantor to the 
Lenders and the Agent.

13.0 Claims. If claim is ever made upon the Lenders 
or the Agent for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts 
received by the Lenders or the Agent in payment or on account of 
any Obligations and the Lenders or the Agent repays all or part 
of said amount by reason of (a) any judgment, decree or order of 
any court or administrative body having jurisdiction over the 
Lenders or the Agent or any of its property, or (b) any 
settlement or compromise of any such claim effected by the 
Lenders or the Agent with any such claimant (including the 
Borrower), then and in such event the Guarantor agrees that any 
such judgment, decree, order, settlement or compromise shall be 
binding upon the Guarantor, notwithstanding any revocation 
hereof or the cancellation of any note or other instrument 
evidencing any liability of the Borrowers, and the Guarantor 
shall be and remain liable to the Lenders or the Agent hereunder 
for the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if 
such amount had never originally been received by the Lenders or 
the Agent.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, by their 
officers thereunto duly authorized, have executed and delivered 
this Agreement as of the date first above written.

BORROWERS:

MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC.,
as debtor and as debtor-in-
possession

By: 
Name:
Title:

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
MGR DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION,
as debtor and as debtor-in-
possession

By: 
Name:
Title:

GUARANTOR:

MGRR, INC.,
as debtor and as debtor-in-
possession

By: 
Name:
Title:

Address for Notices to Borrowers 
and Guarantor:

Merry-Go-Round Enterprises, Inc.
3300 Fashion Way
Joppa, Maryland 21085
Attention: Isaac Kaufman
Telephone: (410) 538-1000
Telecopier: (410) 676-5577
with a copy to:

Swidler & Berlin
3000 K Street, N.W.
Suite 300
Washington, DC 20007-5116
Attention: Roger Frankel, Esq.
Telephone: (202) 424-7500
Telecopier: (202) 424-7643

AGENT AND LENDER:

THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS
CREDIT, INC.

By: 
Name:
Title:

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Address for Notices:

The CIT Group/Business
Credit, Inc.
1211 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10036
Attention: Craig Hamrah
Telephone: (212) 536-1211
Telecopier: (212) 536-1296

with a copy to:

Schulte Roth & Zabel
900 Third Avenue
New York, New York 10022
Attention: Mark A. Neporent, Esq.
Telephone: (212) 756-2238
Telecopier: (212) 593-5955
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
15386098.G

REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of January 14, 1994

among

MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC., and

MGR DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION

AS BORROWERS,

MGRR, INC.,

AS GUARANTOR,

THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS PARTY HERETO,

AS LENDERS,

and

THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC.,

AS AGENT

$125,000,000

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Table of Contents

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION 1

1.01 Certain Definitions 1
1.02 Construction 17
1.03 Accounting Principles 18

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 18

2.01 Revolving Credit Loans 18
(a) The Revolving Credit Commitment 18
(b) Revolving Credit 19
2.02 Notes 19
2.03 Notice of Borrowing; Making of Loans 19
2.04 Reduction of Commitment;
Mandatory Prepayment; Optional Prepayment 22
(a) Reduction of the Commitment 22
(b) Mandatory Prepayment 23
(c) Optional Prepayment 24
(d) Prepayment Penalty 24
2.05 Interest Rate 24
2.06 Interest Payment Dates 24
2.07 Amortization 24
2.08 Payments 25
(a) Time, Place and Manner 25
(b) Periodic Statements 25
(c) Apportionment of Payments 26
(d) Interest Upon Events of Default 27
(e) Unused Line Fee 27
(f) Letter of Credit Fees 27
(g) Agent Fee 28
(h) Fees 28
2.09 Use of Proceeds 28
2.10 Eurodollar Rate Note Determinable; Inability
to Determine Interest Rate Illegality or
Impropriety 29
2.11 Reserve Requirements; Capital Adequacy
Circumstances 30
2.12 Indemnity 31
2.13 Sharing of Setoffs 32
2.14 Regulation D Compensation 33
2.15 Continuation and Conversion of Loans 33
2.16 Taxes 34

(i)
4151/BLUSEC
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
ARTICLE III LETTERS OF CREDIT 36

3.01 Letters of Credit 36
(a) General 36
(b) Request for Issuance 41
3.02 Participations 41
(a) Purchase of Participations 41
(b) Sharing of Letter of Credit Payments 41
(c) Obligations Irrevocable 40

ARTICLE IV BORROWING BASE 42

4.01 Condition of Lending and Assisting in
Establishing or Opening Letters of Credit 42
4.02 Mandatory Prepayment 42
4.03 Rights and Obligations Unconditional 42
4.04 Borrowing Base Certificate 43
4.05 General Provisions 43

ARTICLE V SECURITY; ADMINISTRATIVE PRIORITY 44

5.01 Grant of Lien and Security Interest 44
5.02 Collections and Cash Concentration
Account Arrangements 44
5.03 Administrative Priority 45
5.04 Grants, Rights and Remedies Cumulative 45
5.05 No Filings Required 45
5.06 Survival 46
ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 47

6.01 Organization and Qualification 47
6.02 Authority and Authorization 47
6.03 Execution and Binding Effect 47
6.04 Authorizations and Filings 47
6.05 Financial Statements 48
(a) Historical Statements 48
(b) Projections 48
6.06 No Event of Default 48
6.07 Litigation 48
6.08 Absence of Conflicts 49
6.09 ERISA. . 49
6.10 Taxes 49
6.11 Financial Accounting Practices, etc. 50
6.12 Power To Carry On Business 50
6.13 No Material Adverse Change 50
6.14 Existing Liens; Capitalized Leases 50
6.15 Compliance with Laws 51
6.16 Accurate and Complete Disclosure 51

(ii)
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
6.17 Insurance 51
6.18 Environmental Matters 52
6.19 Administrative Priority; Lien Priority 52
6.20 Bankruptcy Court Order 52
6.21 Use of Proceeds 53
6.22 Location of Bank Accounts 53
6.23 Tradenames 53

ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS OF CREDIT EXTENSIONS 53

7.01 Conditions Precedent to Initial
Credit Extension 53
7.02 Conditions Precedent to Each
Credit Extension 55

ARTICLE VIII AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 57

8.01 Reporting and Information Requirements 57
(a) Annual Reports 57
(b) Quarterly Reports 58
(c) Monthly Reports 58
(d) Weekly Reports 59
(e) Certain Reports 60
(f) Pleadings, etc. 60
(g) Reports to Committees 60
(h) Other Reports and Information 60
(i) Further Information 60
(j) Projections 60
(k) Notice of Event of Default 60
(l) Notice of Material Adverse Change 61
(m) Visitation and Verification 61
(n) Environmental 61
(o) UCC Search Results 62

8.02 Preservation of Existence and Franchises 62
8.03 Insurance 62
8.04 Maintenance of Properties 62
8.05 Financial Accounting Practices, etc. 63
8.06 Compliance with Laws 63
8.07 Further Assurances 63
8.08 Maintenance of Accounts 64
8.09 Taxes 64
8.10 Pension Plans 65

ARTICLE IX NEGATIVE COVENANTS 65

9.01 Interim Bankruptcy Court Order; Final
Bankruptcy Court Order; Administrative
Priority; Lien Priority; Payment

(iii)
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
of Claims 65
9.02 Cumulative FIFO EBITDA 66
9.03 Liens 67
9.04 Indebtedness 68
9.05 Guarantees and Contingent Liabilities 69
9.06 Loans, Advances and Investments 69
9.07 Dividends and Related Distributions 70
9.08 Merger, etc. 70
9.09 Dispositions of Assets 70
9.10 Affiliates 71
9.11 Continuation of or Change in Business 71
9.12 Capital Expenditures 71
9.13 Markup and Markdown Policies 71
9.14 Environmental 71
9.15 ERISA. . 72
9.16 Maintenance of Inventory 72
9.17 Payments 73

ARTICLE X DEFAULTS 73

10.01 Events of Default 73
10.02 Consequences of an Event of Default 76
10.03 Certain Remedies 77
ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 77

11.01 Holidays 77
11.02 Records 77
11.03 Amendments and Waivers 77
11.04 No Implied Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 79
11.05 Notices 79
11.06 Expenses; Taxes; Attorneys' Fees;
Indemnification 80
11.07 Application 82
11.08 Severability 82
11.09 Governing Law 82
11.10 Prior Understandings 82
11.11 Duration; Survival 82
11.12 Counterparts 83
11.13 Assignment; Participations 83
11.14 Successors and Assigns 85
11.15 Lenders and Agent as Parties in Interest 85
11.16 Confidentiality 85
11.17 Waiver of Jury Trial 87
11.18 Defaulting Lender 87

ARTICLE XII THE AGENT 88

12.01 Appointment 88

(iv)
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
12.02 Nature of Duties 88
12.03 Rights, Exculpation, Etc. 89
12.04 Reliance 90
12.05 Indemnification 90
12.06 CIT Individually 90
12.07 Successor Agent 91
12.08 Collateral Matters 91

ARTICLE XIII GUARANTY 93

13.01 Guaranty 93
13.02 Waiver 93
13.03 Subordination 95
13.04 Covenants 95
13.05 Costs of Collection 95
13.06 Claims 95

Exhibit A Form of Note
Exhibit B Form of Interim Bankruptcy Court Order
Exhibit C Form of Letter of Credit Application
Exhibit D Form of Borrowing Base Certificate
Exhibit E Form of Borrowers' Counsel Opinion
Exhibit F Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Schedule 1.01(A) Locations of Eligible Inventory
Schedule 1.01(B) Initial Locations of Eligible Inventory
Schedule 1.01(C) Collection Accounts and Cash Concentration
Account
Schedule 1.02 Revolving Credit Commitments
Schedule 6.01 Organization and Qualification
Schedule 6.07 Litigation
Schedule 6.17 Insurance
Schedule 6.22 Depository Accounts
Schedule 6.23 Trademarks
Schedule 8.08 Bank Accounts
Schedule 9.03 Existing Liens
Schedule 9.05 Existing Guarantees
Schedule 9.17 Permitted Principal and Interest Payments

(v)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.4
<TEXT>
##

##
## -#-
4170/BLUSEC##

FIRST AMENDMENT

TO

REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

First Amendment, dated as of January 21, 1994, to the 
Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 14, 1994 (the 
"Credit Agreement"), among MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC., a 
Maryland corporation ("MGRE"), MGR DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION, a 
Maryland corporation ("MGRD", and together with MGRE, 
collectively, the "Borrowers" and individually, a "Borrower"), 
MGRR, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Guarantor"), the 
financial institutions from time to time party thereto 
(collectively, the "Lenders" and individually, a "Lender"), and 
THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, INC. ("CIT"), as agent for the 
Lenders (in such capacity, the "Agent").

The Borrowers, the Guarantor and the Lenders desire 
to amend the definition of the term "Termination Date" contained 
in the Credit Agreement and to make certain technical changes 
with respect to cash collateralized letters of credit issued 
pursuant to the Credit Agreement. Accordingly, the Borrowers, 
the Guarantor and the Lenders hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions. All capitalized terms used herein 
and not otherwise defined herein are used herein as defined in 
the Credit Agreement.

2. Interim Facility.

(a) The second sentence of the "Background" 
recitals of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting 
the dollar amount "$50 million" referred to therein and 
substituting therefor the dollar amount "$40 million."

(b) The second sentence of Section 2.01(a) of 
the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the dollar 
amount "$50 million" referred to therein and substituting 
therefor the dollar amount "$40 million."

3. L/C Inventory: Borrowing Base. Clause (i)(B) of 
the first sentence of the definition of "Borrowing Base" in 
Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended in its 
entirety to read as follows:

"(B) from and after the date on which the Agent 
has received UCC searches or other evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent 
establishing the absence of any Liens on the 
Inventory of the Borrowers located in the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Borrowers' distribution center in Joppa, 
Maryland, 60% of the value of L/C Inventory and"

4. Termination Date. Clause (i) of the last 
sentence of Section 2.01(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby 
amended in its entirety to read as follows:

"(i) January 21, 1994, if the Interim Bankruptcy 
Court Order has not been entered on or prior to such date,"

5. Documentary Letters of Credit.

(a) The definition of "L/C Inventory" in 
Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding 
the following parenthetical clause at the end thereof:

"(and shall not include inventory supported by 
Letters of Credit issued for the benefit of 
domestic trade creditors)"

(b) Clause (z) of paragraph (ii) of Section 
3.01(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended in its 
entirety to read as follows:

"(z) aggregate Letter of Credit Exposure at any 
one time in excess of $12 million resulting from 
the issuance of Letters of Credit for the 
benefit of domestic trade creditors in 
connection with the purchase of merchandise or 
goods of either Borrower shall not be permitted."

6. Technical Changes with Respect to Cash 
Collateralized Letters of Credit.

(a) The third sentence of Section 2.01(a) of 
the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following 
at the end thereof:

", provided that, for purposes of Letters of Credit 
issued pursuant to paragraph (ix) of Section 3.01(a) 
hereof that are supported by cash collateral, the 
Borrowing Base limitation shall be excluded from the 
Current Commitment"

(b) The third sentence of Section 3.01(a) of 
the Credit Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read 
as follows:

"CIT shall have no obligation to arrange for the 
issuance of Letters of Credit on or after the
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Termination Date or which, when added to the 
aggregate amount of all outstanding and 
contemporaneous Loans and the Letter of Credit 
Exposure at such time, would cause the amount of all 
Loans and the Letter of Credit Exposure at any time 
to exceed the Current Commitment at such time, 
provided that, for purposes of Letters of Credit 
issued pursuant to paragraph (ix) of this Section 
3.01(a) that are supported by cash collateral, the 
Borrowing Base limitation shall be excluded from the 
Current Commitment"

(c) Section 7.02(d) of the Credit Agreement is 
hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:

"(d) The aggregate unpaid principal amount of 
the Loans and the Letter of Credit Exposure 
shall not exceed, and after giving effect to the 
requested Credit Extension will not exceed, the 
Current Commitment, provided that, for purposes 
of Letters of Credit issues pursuant to 
paragraph (ix) of Section 3.01(a) hereof that 
are supported by cash collateral, the Borrowing 
Base limitation shall be excluded from the 
Current Commitment."

(d) Exhibit D to the Credit Agreement is hereby 
amended to read in its entirety as set forth in Annex I to this 
Amendment.

7. Increased Costs. The first sentence of Section 
2.11(d) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the 
following proviso at the end thereof:

"; provided further, that such Lender shall 
provide to the Borrowers and the Agents a 
certificate setting forth the basis on 
which such demand is made"

8. Maintenance of Inventory. Section 9.16 of the 
Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following 
proviso at the end thereof:

", provided that the Borrowers and the 
Agent shall negotiate in good faith to 
determine an adjustment to the minimum 
amount and maximum amount of Inventory set 
forth above in connection with the store 
closings permitted by Section 9.09(b)(i) 
and (iii) hereof"

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
9. Schedules. Schedule 6.23 to the Credit 
Agreement is hereby amended by adding immediately after the 
heading "Trademarks" the following sentence:

"All Trademarks are owned by MGRR, Inc."

10. Exhibits. Exhibit B to the Credit Agreement is 
hereby amended to read in its entirety as set forth in Annex II 
to this Amendment.

11. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment 
shall become effective only upon satisfaction in full of the 
following conditions precedent (the first date upon which all 
such conditions have been satisfied being herein called the 
"Effective Date");

(ii) The Agent shall have received counterparts of 
this Amendment which bear the signatures of the Borrowers, the 
Guarantor and the Lenders.

(iii) All legal matters incident to this Amendment 
shall be satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel.

12. Representations and Warranties. Each of the 
Borrowers and the Guarantor represents and warrants to the 
Lenders as follows:

(a) The execution, delivery and performance by 
the Borrowers and the Guarantor of this Amendment and the 
performance by the Borrowers and the Guarantor of the Credit 
Agreement as amended hereby (A) have been duly authorized by all 
necessary corporate action and (B) do not and will not 
contravene their organizational documents or any applicable law.

(b) This Amendment and the Credit Agreement, as 
amended hereby, constitute the legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Borrowers and the Guarantor, enforceable 
against the Borrowers and the Guarantor in accordance with their 
terms.

(c) The representations and warranties 
contained in Article VI of the Credit Agreement are correct on 
and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of the 
Effective Date (except to the extent such representations and 
warranties expressly relate to an earlier date), and no Event of 
Default or Potential Default, has occurred and is continuing on 
and as of the Effective Date.

13. Continued Effectiveness of Credit Agreement. 
Each of the Borrowers and the Guarantor hereby (i) confirms and 
agrees that each Related Document to which it is a party is, and
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby 
ratified and confirmed in all respects except that on and after 
the Effective Date of this Amendment all references in any such 
Related Document to "the Credit Agreement", "thereto", 
"thereof", "thereunder" or words of like import referring to the 
Credit Agreement shall mean the Credit Agreement as amended by 
this Amendment, and (ii) confirms and agrees that to the extent 
that any such Related Document purports to assign or pledge to 
the Agent, or to grant to the Agent a security interest in or 
lien on, any collateral as security for the Obligations of the 
Borrowers or the Guarantor from time to time existing in respect 
of the Credit Agreement and the Related Documents, such pledge, 
assignment and/or grant of the Credit Agreement and security 
interest or lien is hereby ratified and confirmed in all 
respects.

14. Miscellaneous.

a. This Amendment may be executed in any 
number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in 
separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an 
original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one 
and the same agreement.

b. Section and paragraph headings herein are 
included for convenience of reference only and shall not 
constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose.

c. This Amendment shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

d. The Borrowers will pay on demand all fees, 
costs and expenses of the Agent in connection with the 
preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment, 
including, without limitation, the reasonable fees, 
disbursements and other charges of Schulte Roth & Zabel, counsel 
to the Agent.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused 
this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers 
thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above 
written.

BORROWERS:

MERRY-GO-ROUND ENTERPRISES, INC., 
as debtor and as 
debtor-in-possession
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

By: /s/ Isaac Kaufman 
Name:
Title: Executive Vice
President

MGR DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION, as 
debtor and as debtor-in-possession

By: /s/ Isaac Kaufman 
Name:
Title: Vice President

Guarantor:

MGRR, INC., as debtor and as 
debtor-in-possession

By: /s/ Isaac Kaufman 
Name:
Title: Vice President

AGENT AND LENDER:

THE CIT GROUP/BUSINESS CREDIT, 
INC.

By: /s/ 
Name:
Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>