<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950133-94-000199.txt : 19940923
<IMS-HEADER>0000950133-94-000199.hdr.sgml : 19940923
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950133-94-000199
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940909
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940915
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP /DC/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000070502
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	6159
		IRS NUMBER:				520891669
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07102
		FILM NUMBER:		94549086

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2201 COOPERATIVE WAY
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22071-3025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7037096700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2201 COOPERATIVE WAY
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22071-3025
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K FOR NRU/CFC
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
September 9, 1994

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

District of Columbia l-7102 52-0891669
- - -------------------- ------ ----------
(state or other juris- (Commission (I.R.S. Employer
diction of incorporation) File Number) (Identification No.)

Woodland Park, 2201 Cooperative Way, Herndon, VA 22071-3025
- - ------------------------------------------------ ----------
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (703)709-6717
-------------

------------------------------------------------------------
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
<PAGE> 2
Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial
Information and Exhibits.

(c) Exhibits

The following exhibit is filed herewith:

1 Underwriting Agreement dated as of September 9, 1994, between
the registrant and Lehman Brothers Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co.
and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated.
<PAGE> 3
SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE
FINANCE CORPORATION

STEVEN L. LILLY 
--------------------------------
Steven L. Lilly
Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

Dated: September 14, 1994
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITERS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

EXHIBIT 1
EXECUTION COPY

$150,000,000

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES
COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION

Floating Rate Collateral Trust Bonds,
Series 1994-A, Due 1996

Underwriting Agreement

September 9, 1994

LEHMAN BROTHERS INC.
GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO.
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER &
SMITH INCORPORATED
As Representatives of the several Underwriters
In care of Lehman Brothers Inc.
3 World Financial Center
New York, NY 10285

Dear Sirs:

National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, a
District of Columbia cooperative association (the "Company"), proposes to issue
$150,000,000 principal amount of its Floating Rate Collateral Trust Bonds,
Series 1994-A, Due 1996 (the "Bonds"), to be issued under and secured by an
Indenture dated as of February 15, 1994, between the Company and First Bank
National Association (the "Trustee"). Such Indenture, as amended by any
supplemental indenture, is hereinafter called the "Indenture." The Bonds are
more fully described in the Registration Statement and in the Prospectus
hereinafter mentioned. The Bonds will be issued in fully registered form only,
in denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof.

You have advised us (i) that you and other firms and
corporations named in Schedule I attached hereto (you and such firms and
corporations being hereinafter called the Underwriters, which term shall also
include any underwriter substituted as provided in Section 11 hereof), acting
severally and not jointly, are willing to purchase, on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth, the respective
<PAGE> 2
2

principal amounts of the Bonds, aggregating $150,000,000 principal amount
thereof, specified in such Schedule I, and (ii) that you are authorized, on
behalf of yourselves and the other Underwriters, to enter into this Agreement.

1. Certain Representations and Warranties by the Company.
The Company represents and warrants to each Underwriter as follows:

(a) Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company
has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission")
Registration Statement No. 33-35261, for the registration under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), of the Bonds (including a
prospectus relating thereto) and may have filed one or more amendments thereto
(including one or more amended or supplemental prospectuses) and such
registration statement and any such amendment has become effective. A
prospectus supplement relating to the Bonds, including a prospectus (together,
the "Prospectus"), has been prepared and will be filed pursuant to Rule 424
under the Securities Act. The Company will not file any other amendment of
such registration statement or such prospectus or any supplement to such
prospectus on or after the date of this Agreement and prior to the date and
time of delivery of and payment for the Bonds referred to in Section 3 hereof
(the "Closing Date"), except with your approval. Such registration statement,
including financial statements and exhibits, at the time it became effective,
is hereinafter called the Registration Statement. Any reference in this
Agreement to the Prospectus as amended or supplemented shall include, without
limitation, any prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of
the Commission under the Securities Act which amends or supplements the
Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated
by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 which were filed under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), on or before
the effective date of the Registration Statement or the date of such
Prospectus, as the case may be; and any reference herein to the terms "amend",
"amendment" or "supplement" with respect to the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document
under the Exchange Act after the effective date of the Registration Statement,
or the date of any Prospectus, as the case may be, and deemed to be
incorporated therein by reference.
<PAGE> 3
3

(b) Accuracy of Registration Statement. At all times
subsequent to the date of this Agreement up to and including the Closing Date,
and when any post-effective amendment thereof shall become effective, the
Registration Statement (and the Registration Statement as amended if any
post-effective amendment thereof shall have become effective) will comply in
all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and
will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact and will not omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading; and, at all times subsequent to the date of
this Agreement up to and including the Closing Date, the Prospectus (and the
Prospectus as amended or supplemented, if the Company shall have filed with the
Commission any amendment thereof or supplement thereto) will fully comply with
the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder and will not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact and will not omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
provided, however, that none of the representations and warranties in this
paragraph (b) shall apply to (i) that part of the Registration Statement which
shall constitute the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form T-1)
under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the "Trust Indenture Act"),
of the Trustee or (ii) statements in, or omissions from, the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto made
in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished as herein stated
or otherwise furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of any
Underwriter through you for use in connection with the preparation of the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any such amendment or supplement.

(c) Accountants. The accountants who have certified or shall
certify the financial statements filed and to be filed with the Commission as
parts of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus are independent with
respect to the Company as required by the Securities Act and rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder.

(d) Due Incorporation. The Company has been duly
incorporated and is now, and on the Closing Date will be, a
<PAGE> 4
4

validly existing cooperative association in good standing under the laws of the
District of Columbia, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which the ownership or leasing of properties or the conduct of its business
requires it to be qualified (or the failure to be so qualified will not have a
material adverse effect upon the business or condition of the Company), and the
Company has the corporate power and holds all valid permits and other required
authorizations from governmental authorities necessary to carry on its business
as now conducted and as to be conducted on the Closing Date and as contemplated
by the Prospectus.

(e) Material Changes. Since the respective dates as of which
information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and
except as set forth therein, there has not been any material adverse change in
the condition, financial or other, or the results of operations of the Company,
whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business.

(f) Litigation. On the date hereof, except as set forth in
the Prospectus, the Company does not have any litigation pending of a character
which in the opinion of counsel for the Company referred to in Section 10(c)
hereof could result in a judgment or decree having a material adverse effect on
the condition, financial or other, or the results of operations of the Company.

(g) Legality. On the Closing Date, the Bonds will be duly
and validly authorized, and no further authorization, consent or approval of
the members and no further authorization or approval of the Board of Directors
of the Company or any committee thereof will be required for the issuance and
sale of the Bonds as contemplated herein; and neither such issuance or sale of
the Bonds nor the consummation of any other of the transactions herein
contemplated will result in a breach by the Company of any terms of, or
constitute a default under, any other agreement or undertaking of the Company.

(h) No Stop Order. The Commission has not issued and, to the
best knowledge of the Company, is not threatening to issue any order preventing
or suspending the use of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the
Company shall have filed with the Commission any amendment thereof or
supplement thereto).
<PAGE> 5
5

(i) Regulation. The Company is not required to be registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is not
subject to regulation under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.

2. Agreement to Purchase. Subject to the terms and
conditions and upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, the
Company agrees to sell to you and the other Underwriters, severally and not
jointly, and you and such other Underwriters, severally and not jointly, agree
to purchase from the Company, at 99.75% of the principal amount thereof, plus
interest accrued thereon, if any, from September 16, 1994, to the Closing Date,
the respective principal amounts of the Bonds set forth opposite the names of
the respective Underwriters in Schedule I hereto, aggregating $150,000,000
principal amount thereof.

3. Closing. Delivery of and payment for the Bonds shall be
made at the office of Lehman Brothers Inc., Three World Financial Center, New
York, New York 10285, at 9:30 A.M., New York City time, on September 16, 1994,
or such later date (not later than September 23, 1994) as you, as
Representatives of the Underwriters, shall designate, which date and time may
be postponed by agreement between you, as such Representatives, and the Company
or as provided in Section 11 hereof. Delivery of the Bonds shall be made to
you, for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters, against payment
by the several Underwriters through you of the purchase price thereof, to or
upon the order of the Company by certified or official bank check or checks
payable in immediately available funds. The Bonds shall be delivered in
definitive global form through the facilities of Depository Trust Company.

4. Prospectuses. The Company has caused to be delivered to
you, as Representatives of the Underwriters, copies of the Prospectus and has
consented to the use of such copies for the purposes permitted by the
Securities Act. The Company agrees to deliver to you, as Representatives of
the Underwriters, without charge, from time to time during such period as in
the opinion of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, counsel for the Underwriters, the
Prospectus is required by law to be delivered in connection with sales by an
Underwriter or dealer, as many copies of the Prospectus (and, in the event of
any amendment of or supplement to the Prospectus, of such amended or
supplemented Prospectus) as you, as Representatives of the Underwriters, may
reasonably request. If, at any time
<PAGE> 6
6

during the period in which the Company is required to deliver copies of the
Prospectus, as provided in this Section 4, any event known to the Company
relating to or affecting the Company shall occur which should be set forth in
an amendment of or supplement to the Prospectus in order to make the statements
in the Prospectus not misleading in the light of the circumstances at the time
it is delivered to the purchaser, or it shall be necessary to amend or
supplement the Prospectus to comply with law or with the rules and regulations
of the Commission, the Company, at its expense, will forthwith prepare and
furnish to you for distribution to the Underwriters and dealers a reasonable
number of copies of an amendment or amendments of or a supplement or
supplements to the Prospectus which will so amend or supplement the Prospectus
that, as amended or supplemented, it will not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements in the Prospectus not misleading in
the light of the circumstances when it is delivered to a purchaser, and will
comply with law and with such rules and regulations. The Company authorizes
the Underwriters and all dealers effecting sales of the Bonds to use the
Prospectus, as from time to time amended or supplemented, in connection with
the sale of the Bonds in accordance with applicable provisions of the
Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder for the
period during which the Company is required to deliver copies of the Prospectus
as provided in this Section 4.

5. Commission Proceedings as to Registration Statement. The
Company agrees to advise you promptly, as Representatives of the Underwriters,
and to confirm such advice in writing, (a) when any post-effective amendment of
the Registration Statement shall have become effective and when any further
amendment of or supplement to the Prospectus shall be filed with the
Commission, (b) of any request by the Commission for any amendment of the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus or for additional information and (c)
of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of the initiation of any
proceedings for that purpose. The Company will use every reasonable effort to
prevent the issuance of such a stop order and, if any such order shall at any
time be issued, to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible
moment.
<PAGE> 7
7

6. Blue Sky. The Company will diligently endeavor, when and
as requested by you, to qualify the Bonds, or such portion thereof as you may
request, for offering and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any
jurisdictions which you shall designate.

7. Earnings Statement. The Company agrees to make generally
available to its security holders, in accordance with Section 11(a) of the
Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder, an earnings statement of the Company
(which need not be audited) in reasonable detail and covering a period of at
least twelve months beginning after the effective date of the Registration
Statement.

8. Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all fees and expenses
in connection with (a) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration
Statement (including all exhibits to the Registration Statement), the
Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto, and the
furnishing of copies of each thereof to the Underwriters (including costs of
mailing and shipment), (b) the issuance of the Bonds, (c) the rating of the
Bonds by rating agencies, (d) the delivery of the Bonds to you in New York City
for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters and (e) the qualifying
of the Bonds as provided in Section 6 hereof and the determination of the
eligibility of the Bonds for investment under the laws of such jurisdictions as
you may designate (including fees of not more than $10,000 and disbursements of
counsel for the Underwriters in connection therewith).

9. Indemnities.

(a) By the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless each Underwriter and each person who controls any Underwriter within
the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act against any and all losses,
claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them
may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other
statute or common law, and to reimburse the Underwriters and such controlling
persons for any legal or other expenses incurred by them in connection with
investigating any claims and defending any actions, insofar as such losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or actions arise out of or are based upon (i) any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in
the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof, or the
omission or alleged
<PAGE> 8
8

omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or (ii) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the
Prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company shall have filed with
the Commission any amendment thereof or supplement thereto), if used within the
period during which the Underwriters are authorized to use the Prospectus as
provided in Section 4 hereof, or the omission or alleged omission to state
therein (if so used) a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the
indemnity agreement contained in this Section 9(a) shall not apply to any such
losses, claims, damages, liabilities or actions arising out of, or based upon,
any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement, or any such omission or
alleged omission, if such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and
in conformity with information furnished as herein stated in Section 12 or
otherwise furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of any
Underwriter through you for use in connection with the preparation of the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any such amendment thereof or
supplement thereto, or was contained in that part of the Registration Statement
constituting the Statement of Eligibility and Qualification (Form T-1) under
the Trust Indenture Act of the Trustee; provided, further, that, with respect
to any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement made in, or omission or
alleged omission from, the Prospectus, the indemnity agreement contained in
this Section 9(a) with respect to the Prospectus shall not inure to the benefit
of any Underwriter from whom the person asserting any such losses, claims,
damages or liabilities purchased the Bonds which are the subject thereof (or
the benefit of any person controlling such Underwriter), if the Prospectus (or
the Prospectus as amended or supplemented if the Company shall have made any
amendments thereof or supplements thereto which shall have been furnished to
you, as Representatives of the Underwriters, or to such Underwriter prior to
the time of the below-written confirmation) does not contain such statement,
alleged statement, omission or alleged omission, and a copy of such Prospectus,
excluding the documents incorporated therein by reference, shall not have been
sent or given to such person at or prior to the written confirmation of the
sale of such Bonds to such person.
<PAGE> 9
9

(b) By the Underwriters. Each Underwriter agrees, in the
manner and to the same extent as set forth in Section 9(a) hereof, to indemnify
and hold harmless the Company, each person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, the directors of the
Company and those officers of the Company who shall have signed the
Registration Statement, with respect to any statement in or omission from the
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or the
Prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if so amended or supplemented), if such
statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with
information furnished as herein stated in Section 12 or otherwise furnished in
writing to the Company through you on behalf of such Underwriter for use in
connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto.

(c) General. Each indemnified party will, within ten days
after the receipt of notice of the commencement of any action against such
indemnified party in respect of which indemnity may be sought from an
indemnifying party on account of an indemnity agreement contained in this
Section 9, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement
thereof. The omission of any indemnified party so to notify an indemnifying
party of any such action shall not relieve the indemnifying party from any
liability which it may have to such indemnified party on account of the
indemnity agreement contained in this Section 9 or otherwise. Except as
provided in the next succeeding sentence, in case any such action shall be
brought against any indemnified party and it shall notify an indemnifying party
of the commencement thereof, such indemnifying party will be entitled to
participate therein and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any other
indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with
counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party, and after notice in writing
from such indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to
assume the defense thereof, such indemnifying party will not be liable to such
indemnified party under this Section 9 for any legal or other expenses
subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense
thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. Such indemnified party
shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees
and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party
unless (i) the employment of such counsel has been authorized in writing by
<PAGE> 10
10

the indemnifying party in connection with the defense of such action, (ii) such
indemnified party shall have been advised by such counsel that there are
material legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional
to those available to the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying
party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such action on behalf
of such indemnified party) or (iii) the indemnifying party shall not have
assumed the defense of such action and employed counsel therefor satisfactory
to such indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement
of such action, in any of which events such fees and expenses shall be borne by
the indemnifying party.

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in
this Section 9 shall for any reason be unavailable to an indemnified party
under Section 9(a) or 9(b) hereof in respect of any loss, claim, damage or
liability or any action in respect thereof, referred to therein, then each
indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party,
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result
of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in
such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits
received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from
the offering of the Bonds or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i)
above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but
also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on
the other with respect to the statements or omissions which resulted in such
loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any
other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the
Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other with respect to such
offering shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds
from the offering of the Bonds (before deducting expenses) received by the
Company bear to the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by
the Underwriters with respect to such offering, in each case as set forth in
the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative fault of the
Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be determined
by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a
material fact relates to information supplied by
<PAGE> 11
11

the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would
not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 9(d) were
to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated
as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does
not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The
amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim,
damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this
Section 9(d) shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 9(d), any
legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in
connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9(d), no Underwriter shall be
required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total
price at which the Bonds underwritten by it and distributed to the public were
offered to the public exceeds the amount of any damages which such Underwriter
has otherwise paid or become liable to pay by reason of any untrue or alleged
untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of
fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the
Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not
guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters' obligations to
contribute as provided in this Section 9(d) are several in proportion to their
respective underwriting obligations and not joint.

(e) Survival of Indemnities. The respective indemnity and
contribution agreements of the Company and the Underwriters contained in this
Section 9, and the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in
Section 1 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect,
regardless of any termination or cancelation of this Agreement or any
investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or any such controlling
person or the Company or any such controlling person, director or officer, and
shall survive the delivery of the Bonds, and any successor of any Underwriter
or of any such controlling person or of the Company, and any legal
representative of any such controlling person, director or officer, as the case
may be, shall be entitled to the benefit of the respective indemnity and
contribution agreements.
<PAGE> 12
12

10. Conditions to Underwriters' Obligations. The several
obligations of the Underwriters hereunder are subject to the accuracy of and
compliance with the representations and warranties of the Company contained in
Section 1 hereof, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, and to the
following further conditions:

(a) Effectiveness of Registration Statement. No stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or
qualification of the Indenture shall be in effect on the Closing Date,
and no proceedings for the issuance of such an order shall be pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company or you, threatened by the
Commission on the Closing Date.

(b) Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. The form and
validity of the Indenture, the form and validity of the Bonds, the
legality and sufficiency of the authorization of the issuance and sale
of the Bonds hereunder, and all corporate proceedings and other legal
matters incident to the foregoing, and the form of the Registration
Statement and of the Prospectus (other than financial statements and
other financial data), shall have been approved as of the Closing Date
by Cravath, Swaine & Moore, counsel for the Underwriters.

(c) Opinion of Counsel for the Company. The Company shall
have furnished to you, as Representatives of the Underwriters, on the
Closing Date, the opinion, addressed to the Underwriters and dated the
Closing Date, of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy, counsel for the
Company, which opinion shall be satisfactory in form and scope to
counsel for the Underwriters, to the following effect:

(i) the Company has been duly incorporated and is
validly existing as a cooperative association in good standing
under the laws of the District of Columbia with corporate
power to conduct its business as described in the Registration
Statement;

(ii) the issuance and sale of the Bonds by the
Company pursuant to this Agreement have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action; and no
authorization, consent, order or approval of, or filing or
registration with, or
<PAGE> 13
13

exemption by, any government or public body or authority
(including, without limitation, the Rural Electrification
Administration) of the United States or of the State of New
York or any department or subdivision thereof or to the best
of such counsel's knowledge any court, other than such as may
be required under State securities or blue sky laws and other
than registration of the Bonds under the Securities Act and
qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act,
is required for the validity of the Bonds or for the issuance,
sale and delivery of the Bonds by the Company pursuant to this
Agreement or for the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company;

(iii) the Indenture has been duly authorized by the
Company, has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture
Act, constitutes an instrument valid and binding on the
Company and enforceable in accordance with its terms and the
Indenture Trustee has a valid first perfected security
interest in the Mortgage Notes in its possession in New York
and, subject to the requirements of Section 9-306 of the New
York Uniform Commercial Code, in the proceeds thereof, subject
only to the exceptions permitted by the Indenture, pledged
pursuant to the Indenture (except that no opinion need be
expressed as to the lien on the Mortgages, as defined in the
Indenture, so pledged);

(iv) the Bonds are in the forms provided for in the
Indenture, and, assuming due execution of the Bonds on behalf
of the Company and authentication thereof by the Trustee, the
Bonds constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company
enforceable in accordance with their terms and are entitled to
the benefits of the Indenture;

(v) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by the Company and the performance of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions herein
contemplated will not result in a breach of any terms or
provisions of, or constitute a default under, the Articles of
Incorporation or By-laws of the Company or any indenture, deed
of trust, note, note agreement or other agreement or
instrument known to such
<PAGE> 14
14

counsel, after due inquiry, to which the Company is a party or
by which the Company or any of its properties is bound or
affected;

(vi) the Bonds and the Indenture conform in all
material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the
Registration Statement;

(vii) the Registration Statement (and any
post-effective amendment thereof) has become and is effective
under the Securities Act and the Bonds have become registered
under the Securities Act, and, to the best of the knowledge of
such counsel, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or
contemplated, and the Registration Statement (and any
post-effective amendment thereof), the Prospectus and each
amendment thereof or supplement thereof (except for the
financial statements and other financial data included therein
as to which such counsel need express no opinion) when they
became effective or were filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission complied as to form in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the rules and
regulations issued thereunder;

(viii) based upon such counsel's participation in the
preparation of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and
documents incorporated by reference therein, such counsel's
discussions with certain officers and employees of the
Company, such counsel's conferences with representatives of
the Company's independent Certified Public Accountants and
such counsel's representation of the Company, and while such
counsel does not pass on or assume any responsibility for the
accuracy, completeness or fairness thereof, nothing has come
to such counsel's attention that causes it to believe that
either the Registration Statement (or any post-effective
amendment thereof) as of the date it became effective, or the
Prospectus and each supplement thereto as of the Closing Date
(except in each case for the financial or statistical data
included therein, as to which
<PAGE> 15
15

such counsel expresses no view) contains an untrue statement
of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading and such counsel does not know of any
litigation or any governmental proceeding instituted or
threatened against the Company required to be disclosed in the
Registration Statement or Prospectus and which is not
disclosed therein;

(ix) the Company is not required to be registered as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of
1940;

(x) the Company is not subject to regulation under
the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935; and

(xi) the Company is not a public utility as defined
in the Federal Power Act and is not a natural gas company as
defined in the Natural Gas Act.

If the certification referred to in clause (ix) of subsection
10(e) below indicates that the Pledged Property includes collateral
other than Mortgage Notes, the opinion referred to in clause (iii)
above shall also address the security interest of the Indenture
Trustee in the Pledged Property (and in the proceeds thereof), in form
reasonably satisfactory to you.

The foregoing opinion may contain qualifications to the effect
that any sale or transfer by the Trustee under the Indenture of any
Pledged Property (other than a transfer into the name of the Trustee
or a nominee thereof) may be subject to the provisions of the
Securities Act and other applicable securities laws and regulations
promulgated thereunder, and, insofar as such opinion relates to the
enforceability of the Bonds and the Indenture, the enforceability
thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency,
moratorium or other laws of general application relating to or
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights and by general
principals of equity (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law), including without limitation (a) the possible
unavailability of specific performance, injunctive
<PAGE> 16
16

relief or any other equitable remedy and (b) concepts of materiality,
reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing. In addition, the
Company's obligations and the rights and remedies of the Trustee and
the Bondholders may be subject to possible limitations on the exercise
of remedial or procedural provisions contained in the Indenture
(provided that such limitations do not, in the opinion of such
counsel, make inadequate the remedies afforded thereby for the
practical realization of the substantive benefits provided for in the
Bonds and the Indenture).

In rendering the foregoing opinion, Milbank, Tweed, Hadley &
McCloy may rely as to matters of the law of the District of Columbia
upon the opinion of John Jay List, Esq., General Counsel of the
Company, addressed to the Underwriters and dated the Closing Date,
satisfactory in form and scope to counsel for the Underwriters. If
Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy shall so rely upon the opinion of John
Jay List, Esq., (i) copies of the opinion so relied upon shall be
delivered to you, as Representatives of the Underwriters, and to
counsel for the Underwriters and (ii) the opinion required by this
Section 10(c) shall also state that Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy
has made an independent investigation of the matters in its opinion
covered by the opinion so relied upon and that the Underwriters are
justified in relying upon such opinion.

(d) Accountants' Letter. Arthur Andersen & Co. shall have
furnished to you, as Representatives of the Underwriters, at or prior
to the Closing Date, a letter, addressed to the Underwriters and dated
the Closing Date, confirming that they are independent public
accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the
Securities Act and are in compliance with the applicable requirements
relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01 of
Regulation S-X of the Commission; and stating, as of the date of such
letter (or, with respect to matters involving changes or developments
since the respective dates as of which specified financial information
is given in the Prospectus, as of a date not more than five days prior
to the date of such letter), the conclusions and findings of such firm
with respect to the financial information and other matters covered by
its letter delivered to you, as Representatives of the
<PAGE> 17
17

Underwriters, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement and
confirming in all material respects the conclusions and findings set
forth in such prior letter or, if no such letter shall have been
delivered to you, the conclusions and findings of such firm, in form
and substance satisfactory to you, as Representatives of the
Underwriters, with respect to such financial information and other
matters as you, as Representatives of the Underwriters, shall
reasonably request.

(e) Officer's Certificate. You shall have received, on the
Closing Date, a certificate of the Company dated the Closing Date,
signed on its behalf by the President, the Governor or a Vice
President of the Company, to the effect that the signer of such
certificate has examined the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
and that (i) in his opinion, as of the effective date of the
Registration Statement, the Registration Statement did not contain an
untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading, and the Prospectus did not contain
an untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (ii)
since the effective date of the Registration Statement no event has
occurred which should have been set forth in an amendment or
supplement to the Prospectus but which has not been so set forth,
(iii) since the respective dates as of which information is given in
the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there has not been any
material adverse change in the condition, financial or other, or
earnings of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in
the ordinary course of business, other than changes which the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus indicate might occur after
the effective date of the Registration Statement, (iv) the Company has
no material contingent obligations which are required to be disclosed
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and are not disclosed
therein, (v) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement is in effect on the Closing Date and no
proceedings for the issuance of such an order have been taken or to
the knowledge of the Company are contemplated by the Commission at or
<PAGE> 18
18

prior to the Closing Date, (vi) there are no material legal
proceedings to which the Company is a party or of which property of
the Company is the subject which are required to be disclosed and
which are not disclosed in the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus, (vii) there are no material contracts to which the Company
is a party which are required to be disclosed and which are not
disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, (viii) the
representations and warranties of the Company herein are true and
correct as of the Closing Date and (ix) the Pledged Property consists
solely of Mortgage Notes, or if such is not the case, a description of
the other collateral included in the Pledged Property.

(f) (i) The Company shall not have sustained since the date
of the latest audited financial statements included or incorporated by
reference in the Prospectus any loss or interference with its business
from fire, explosion, flood or other calamity, whether or not covered
by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or governmental
action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth or contemplated
in the Prospectus or (ii) since such date there shall not have been
any change in the members' equity or long-term debt of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or any change, or any development involving a
prospective change, in or affecting the general affairs, management,
financial position, member's equity or results of operations of the
Company and its subsidiaries, otherwise than as set forth or
contemplated in the Prospectus, the effect of which, in any such case
described in clause (i) or (ii), is, in your judgment, so material and
adverse as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the
public offering or the delivery of the Bonds on the terms and in the
manner contemplated in the Prospectus.

(g) On or after the date hereof: (i) no downgrading shall
have occurred in the rating accorded the Company's debt securities by
any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization", as that
term is defined by the Commission for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) of
the Rules and Regulations and (ii) no such organization shall have
publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review, with
possible negative implications, its rating of any of the Company's
debt securities.
<PAGE> 19
19

(h) On or after the date hereof, there shall not have
occurred any of the following: (i) a suspension or material
limitation in trading in securities generally on the New York Stock
Exchange, (ii) a banking moratorium on commercial banking activities
in New York declared by Federal or state authorities, (iii) the United
States shall have become engaged in hostilities, there shall have been
an escalation in hostilities involving the United States or there
shall have been a declaration of a national emergency or war by the
United States or (iv) such a material adverse change in general
economic, political or financial conditions (or the effect of
international conditions on the financial markets in the United States
shall be such) the effect of which, in any such case described in
clause (iii) or (iv), is, in your reasonable judgment, to make it
impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the public offering or
delivery of the Bonds on the terms and in the manner contemplated in
the Prospectus.

(i) Miscellaneous. The Company shall have taken, on or prior
to the Closing Date, all other action, if any, which it is stated in
the Registration Statement (or any post-effective amendment thereof)
or the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if so amended or
supplemented) that the Company will take prior to or concurrently with
the issuance and delivery of the Bonds, and all agreements herein
contained to be performed on the part of the Company on or prior to
the Closing Date shall have been so performed.

(j) Other Documents. The Company shall have furnished to you
and to Cravath, Swaine & Moore, counsel for the Underwriters, such
further certificates and documents as you or they may have reasonably
requested prior to the Closing Date.

If any of the conditions specified in this Section 10 shall not have been
fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement to be fulfilled, this
Agreement and all obligations of the Underwriters hereunder may be canceled on,
or at any time prior to, the Closing Date by you, as Representatives of the
Underwriters. Notice of such cancelation shall be given to the Company in
writing, or by telegraph, telephone or telex confirmed in writing.
<PAGE> 20
20

11. Substitution of Underwriters. If any one or more of the
Underwriters shall fail or refuse on the Closing Date to purchase and pay for
the Bonds which it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder, then (a) if the
aggregate principal amount of the Bonds which the defaulting Underwriter or
Underwriters so agreed to purchase shall not exceed $15,000,000, the
nondefaulting Underwriters of shall be obligated to purchase the Bonds from the
Company, in proportion to their respective obligations hereunder and upon the
terms herein set forth, or (b) if the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds
which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters so agreed to purchase shall
exceed $15,000,000, either you, as Representatives of the Underwriters, or the
Company shall have the right at any time prior to 9:30 A.M., New York City
time, on the next business day after the Closing Date to procure one or more of
the other Underwriters, or any others, to purchase such Bonds from the Company,
in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms herein set forth. If
within such specified time neither you, as such representative, nor the Company
shall have procured such other Underwriters or any others to purchase the Bonds
agreed to be purchased by the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters, this
Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any nondefaulting
Underwriter or of the Company. In the event of a default by any Underwriter or
Underwriters, as set forth in this Section 11, the Closing Date may be
postponed for such period, not exceeding seven days, as you, as such
representative, shall determine in order that any required changes in the
Registration Statement and in the Prospectus or in any other documents or
arrangements may be effected. Any action taken or termination of this
Agreement under this Section 11 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter
from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this 
Agreement.

12. Information Furnished by Underwriters. The statement set
forth in the last paragraph on the cover of, in the last paragraph on page 2
of, and under the heading "Underwriting" in, the prospectus supplement portion
of the Prospectus, and under the heading "Plan of Distribution" in the
Prospectus, constitute information furnished in writing by you, on behalf of
the Underwriters, for inclusion therein, and you, as Representatives of the
Underwriters, confirm that such statements are correct.

13. Termination. This Agreement shall be subject to
termination by you, by notice given to the Company prior
<PAGE> 21
21

to delivery of and payment for the Bonds, if prior to such time any of the
events described in Sections 10(f), 10(g) or 10(h) occurs.

14. Miscellaneous.

(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement,
(i) whenever notice is required by all the provisions of this Agreement to be
given to the Company, such notice shall be in writing addressed to the Company
at its office, 2201 Cooperative Way, Herndon, Virginia 22071-3025, attention of
the Governor, and (ii) whenever notice is required by the provisions of this
Agreement to be given to you, as Representatives of the Underwriters or of any
of them, such notice shall be in writing addressed to you at your office, Three
World Financial Center, New York, New York 10285.

(b) The Company agrees to furnish to you and to Cravath,
Swaine & Moore, without charge, a signed copy of the Registration Statement and
each amendment thereof, including all financial statements and all exhibits
thereto (except such financial statements and exhibits as are incorporated
therein by reference and which shall have been previously furnished to you),
and to furnish to each of the other Underwriters, without charge, a copy of the
Registration Statement and each amendment thereof, including all financial
statements (except such financial statements as are incorporated therein by
reference) but without exhibits.

(c) This Agreement is made solely for the benefit of the
several Underwriters and the Company and their respective successors and
assigns, and, to the extent provided in Section 9 hereof, any controlling
person referred to in such Section 9 and the directors of the Company and those
officers of the Company who shall have signed the Registration Statement, and
their respective legal representatives, successors and assigns, and no other
person shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Agreement.
The term "successor" or the term "successors and assigns" as used in this
Agreement shall not include any purchaser, as such purchaser, from any of the
Underwriters of the Bonds.

(d) If this Agreement shall be canceled or terminated by the
Underwriters on any of the grounds referred to or specified in Section 10
hereof or because of
<PAGE> 22
22

any failure or refusal on the part of the Company to comply with any of the
terms or to fulfill any of the conditions of this Agreement, the Company will
reimburse the Underwriters severally for all their out-of-pocket expenses
(including the fees and disbursements of their counsel) reasonably incurred by
them in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement.

(e) The term "business day" as used in this Agreement shall
mean any day on which the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., is open for trading.

(f) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

(g) Section headings have been inserted in this Agreement as
a matter of convenience of reference only and it is agreed that such section
headings are not a part of this Agreement and will not be used in the
interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.

Please confirm that you are acting on behalf of yourself and
the other several Underwriters and that the foregoing correctly sets forth the
agreement between the Company and the several Underwriters.

Very truly yours,

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES
COOPERATIVE FINANCE
CORPORATION,

By
Steven L. Lilly 
--------------------
Title: Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer
<PAGE> 23
23

Acting on behalf of ourselves and the other several Underwriters named in
Schedule I attached to the foregoing letter, we hereby confirm as of the date
thereof that such letter correctly sets forth the agreement between the Company
and the several Underwriters.

LEHMAN BROTHERS INC.,

By
Robert E. Kiernan, III
----------------------
Title: Managing Director
<PAGE> 24
SCHEDULE I

Underwriting Agreement dated September 9, 1994

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES
COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Principal
Amount of Bonds
Underwriter to be Purchased
----------- ---------------
<S> <C>
Lehman Brothers Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $105,000,000

Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &
Smith . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22,500,000

Goldman Sachs & Co. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22,500,000
------------

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $150,000,000
============
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>