<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000891836-94-000012.txt : 19940324
<IMS-HEADER>0000891836-94-000012.hdr.sgml : 19940324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891836-94-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940308
ITEM INFORMATION:		5
ITEM INFORMATION:		7
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANK OF NEW YORK CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000009626
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	6022
		IRS NUMBER:				132614959
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06152
		FILM NUMBER:		94517414

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 WALL ST 15TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10296
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2124951784
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>BANK OF NEW YORK FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

_______________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) March 8, 1994

The Bank of New York Company, Inc. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

New York 1-6152 13-2614959 
(State or other (Commission (IRS employer 
jurisdiction file number) identification no.)
of incorporation)

48 Wall Street, New York, New York 10286 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (212) 495-1784

N/A 
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Exhibit Index is on Page 12.

Page 1 of 19 Pages

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 2

ITEM 5. OTHER EVENTS

On December 10, 1985, the Board of Directors of The Bank of

New York Company, Inc., a New York corporation (the "Company"), declared a

dividend distribution of one right (a "Right") for each outstanding share

of Common Stock, par value $7.50 per share (the "Common Stock"), of the

Company held of record on December 24, 1985 or issued thereafter and prior

to the Separation Date (as hereinafter defined). Each Right was or will be

issued pursuant to a Rights Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1985 (the

"Rights Agreement"), entered into between the Company and The Bank of New

York, as Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent"). On June 13, 1989, the Company

and the Rights Agent entered into a First Amendment, dated as of June 13,

1989 (the "Amendment"), to the Rights Agreement. On April 30, 1993, the

Company and the Rights Agent entered into a Second Amendment, dated as of

April 30, 1993 (the "Second Amendment"), to the Rights Agreement. On

March 8, 1994, the Company and the Rights Agent entered into a Third

Amendment, dated as of March 8, 1994 (the "Third Amendment"), to the Rights

Agreement. The terms of the Rights, as so amended, are summarized herein.

Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the

Company, after the Separation Date (as defined below), one one-thousandth

of a share of a new series of preferred stock designated as Participating 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 3

Preferred Stock, without par value (the "Preferred Stock"), for a price of

$200 (the "Exercise Price"), subject to adjustment. Each share of

Preferred Stock will bear dividends equal to one thousand times the

dividends paid on each share of Common Stock of the Company (subject to

certain anti-dilution adjustments), is entitled to a liquidation preference

of $200,000 plus accrued dividends and has the other terms provided in the

form of Certificate of Amendment attached as Exhibit A to the Rights

Agreement.

The Rights will be evidenced by the Common Stock certificates

until the earlier of (i) the tenth day after the first date of public

announcement that a Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) has become

the Beneficial Owner (as defined in the Rights Agreement) of 20% or more of

the outstanding shares of Common Stock (such person being called an

"Acquiring Person" and such first date being called a "Stock Acquisition

Date") and (ii) the earlier of the tenth day (or such later date as the

Board of Directors of the Company may fix by resolution adopted prior to

the close of business on the Separation Date that would otherwise have

occurred) after (x) the date of approval under the Bank Holding Company Act

of 1956, or the date of the notice of nondisapproval under the Change in

Bank Control Act, for any Person to acquire (when added to any shares as to

which such Person is the Beneficial Owner immediately prior to such

acquisition) Beneficial Ownership 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 4

of 25% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and (y) the date

of commencement of, or first public announcement of the intent of any

Person (other than the Company, any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,

or any employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan of the

Company or any wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) to commence, a

tender or exchange offer to acquire (when added to any shares as to which

such Person is the Beneficial Owner immediately prior to such tender or

exchange offer) Beneficial Ownership of 20% or more of the outstanding

shares of Common Stock (the earliest of such dates being called the

"Separation Date"). The Rights Agreement provides that, until the

Separation Date, the Rights will be transferred with and only with the

Common Stock. As soon as practicable following the Separation Date,

separate certificates evidencing the Rights ("Rights Certificates") will be

mailed to holders of record of Common Stock on the Separation Date.

The Rights will not be exercisable until the Separation Date. 

The Rights will expire on the earliest of (i) the time at which the Rights

are exchanged for Common Stock or Preferred Stock as described below,

(ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed as described below, and

(iii) the close of business on March 7, 2004.

The Exercise Price and number of Rights are subject to

adjustment prior to the Separation Date, in order

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 5

to retain the relationship of one Right per associated share of Common

Stock, in the event of a dividend, subdivision, combination or

reclassification of the Common Stock.

Prior to expiration of the Rights, the Company may not

(a) consolidate with or merge with or into or engage in any binding share

exchange with any other person or have any other person consolidate with or

merge with or into or engage in any binding share exchange with the Company

if, in connection therewith, all or part of the Common Stock of the Company

is changed in any way or is converted into or exchanged for stock or other

securities or cash or other property, (b) sell or otherwise transfer (or

allow one or more of its subsidiaries to sell or otherwise transfer) assets

(i) aggregating more than 50% of the assets (measured by book value),

(ii) aggregating more than 50% of the assets (measured by fair market

value) or (iii) generating more than 50% of the operating income or cash

flow, of the Company and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other

Person (other than the Company or a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company)

or to two or more such Persons which are affiliated, (c) engage in certain

transactions with Acquiring Persons, or (d) permit certain events to occur

at such time as there shall be an Acquiring Person (all as specified in

Section 1.1(j) of the Rights Agreement) (any such transaction or event

specified in clauses (a) through (d) above being called a "Flip-over

Transaction or Event"), 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 6

unless in any such case provision is made so that each holder of a Right

shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at

one-half of the then current Exercise Price of the Right, a number of

shares of publicly traded common stock of the Acquiring Person or the

person engaging in the transaction (or an affiliate or associate thereof)

which at the time of such transaction would have a market value equal to

the Exercise Price of the Right.

The Rights Agreement also provides that if any Person becomes

the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of Common

Stock, then proper provision shall be made so that, on and after the tenth

day after a Stock Acquisition Date that is not the result of a Flip-over

Transaction or Event (a "Flip-in Date"), each holder of Rights (other than

Rights Beneficially Owned by an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or

Associate of an Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in the Rights

Agreement), which Rights become void) will thereafter have the right to

receive upon exercise of each Right that number of shares of Common Stock

having a market value of twice the Exercise Price (as defined in the Rights

Agreement). The Exercise Price is currently $200, subject to adjustment as

provided in the Rights Agreement. In addition, the Board of Directors of

the Company may, at its option, at any time after a Flip-in Date and prior

to the time that an Acquiring

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 7

Person becomes the Beneficial Owner of more than 50% of the outstanding

shares of Common Stock, elect to exchange all (but not less than all) the

then outstanding Rights (other than the Rights Beneficially Owned by the

Acquiring Person or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) for shares of

Common Stock at an exchange ratio (the "Exchange Ratio") of one share of

Common Stock per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split,

stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the Separation Date. 

Immediately upon such action by the Board of Directors, the right to

exercise the Rights will terminate and each Right will thereafter represent

only the right to receive a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the

Exchange Ratio.

Whenever the Company shall become obligated under the preceding

paragraph to issue shares of Common Stock upon exercise of or in exchange

for Rights, the Company, at its option, may substitute therefor shares of

Preferred Stock, at a ratio of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred

Stock for each share of Common Stock so issuable.

The Company may, at its election, issue depositary receipts in

lieu of fractional shares.

The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its option, at

any time prior to the close of business on a Flip-in Date, elect to redeem

the then outstanding Rights at a price, subject to adjustment, of $.05 in

cash per Right. Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 8

electing to redeem the Rights (or, if the resolution of the Board of

Directors electing to redeem the Rights states that the redemption will

not be effective until the occurrence of a specified future time or

event, upon the occurrence of such future time or event), without any

further action and without notice, the right to exercise the Rights will

terminate and each Right will thereafter represent only the right to

receive the redemption price in cash.

The holders of the Rights will, solely by reason of their

ownership of Rights, have no rights as shareholders of the Company,

including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends.

The Rights will not prevent a takeover of the Company. The

Rights, however, may have certain anti-takeover effects. The Rights may

cause substantial dilution to a person or group that acquires 20% or more

of the Common Stock unless the Rights are first redeemed by the Board of

Directors of the Company. Accordingly, the Rights should encourage a

potential acquiror to seek to negotiate with the Board of Directors of the

Company, which would then be in a better position to protect the interests

of the Company and its shareholders. The Rights should not interfere with

a transaction that is in the best interests of the Company and its

shareholders on or prior to the close of business on the Flip-in Date,

because the Rights can be redeemed before the consummation of such

transaction.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 9

The Rights Agreement, the First Amendment, the Second Amendment

and the Third Amendment have been filed as exhibits hereto and are

incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing summary description of the

Rights and the terms of the Preferred Stock is qualified in its entirety by

reference to such exhibits.

ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND
EXHIBITS

(21)(a) Third Amendment, dated as of March 8, 1994, to the Rights
Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1985, between the Company
and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent.

(21)(b) Second Amendment, which includes a Certificate of Amendment to
the Certificate of Incorporation as Exhibit 1 and an amended
Form of Rights Certificate as Exhibit 2, dated as of April 30,
1993, to the Rights Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1985,
as amended by the First Amendment to the Rights Agreement,
dated as of June 13, 1989, between the Company and The Bank of
New York, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to the
amendment on Form 8-A/A dated April 30, 1993, amending the
registration statement on Form 8-A dated December 18, 1985 of
the Company).

(21)(c) First Amendment, dated as of June 13, 1989, to the Rights
Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1985, between the Company
and The Bank of New York, as Rights Agent (incorporated by
reference to the amendment on Form 8 dated June 14, 1985
amending the registration statement on Form 8-A dated
December 18, 1985 of the Company).

(21)(d) Rights Agreement, dated as of December 10, 1985, between the
Company and The Bank of New York, as Rights 

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 10

Agent (incorporated by reference to the registration statement
on Form 8-A dated December 18, 1985 of the Company).

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 11

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

The Bank of New York Company, Inc.

Date: March 22, 1994 By /s/ Charles E. Rappold, II 
Name: Charles E. Rappold, II
Title: Secretary

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 12

EXHIBIT INDEX

Sequential
Exhibit No. Description Page No. 

(4)(a) Third Amendment, dated as of March 8, 
1994, to the Rights Agreement, dated as
of December 10, 1985, between the
Company and The Bank of New York, as
Rights Agent.

(4)(b) Second Amendment, dated as of April 30,
1993, to the Rights Agreement, dated as
of December 10, 1985, as amended by the
First Amendment to the Rights
Agreement, dated as of June 13, 1989,
between the Company and The Bank of New
York, as Rights Agent (incorporated by
reference to the amendment on
Form 8-A/A dated April 30, 1993,
amending the registration statement on
Form 8-A dated December 18, 1985 of the
Company).

(4)(c) First Amendment, dated as of June 13,
1989, to the Rights Agreement, dated as
of December 10, 1985, between the
Company and The Bank of New York, as
Rights Agent (incorporated by reference
to the amendment on Form 8 dated
June 14, 1989 amending the registration
statement on Form 8-A dated
December 18, 1985 of the Company).

(4)(d) Rights Agreement, dated as of
December 10, 1985, between the Company
and The Bank of New York, as Rights
Agent (incorporated by reference to the
registration statement on Form 8-A
dated December 18, 1985 of the
Company).

<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.A
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>BANK OF NEW YORK FORM 8-K EXHIBIT 4(A)
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1

Exhibit 4(a)

THIRD AMENDMENT

THIRD AMENDMENT (this "Amendment"), dated as of March 1994,

to the Rights Amendment, dated as of December 10, 1985 and as previously

amended on June 13, 1989 and April 30, 1993 (the "Rights Amendment"),

between The Bank of New York Company, Inc., a New York corporation (the

"Company"), and The Bank of New York, a New York banking corporation, as

Rights Agent (the "Rights Agent", which term shall include any successor

Rights Agent under the Rights Agreement).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company and the Rights Agent have heretofore

executed and entered into the Rights Agreement; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 5.5 of the Rights Agreement, the

Company and the Rights Agent may from time to time supplement or amend the

Rights Agreement in accordance with the provisions of such Section 5.5; and

WHEREAS, all actions necessary to make this Amendment a valid

agreement, enforceable according to its terms have been taken, and the

execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Company and the Rights

Agent have been in all respects duly authorized by the Company and the

Rights Agent.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 2

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the

mutual agreements set forth herein, the Company and the Rights Agent agree

as follows:

1. Section 1.1(h) of the Rights Agreement is amended to read

in its entirety as follows:

"(h) 'Expiration Time' shall mean the earliest of
(i) the time at which the right to exercise Rights
shall terminate pursuant to Section 3.2(c);
(ii) the Redemption Time; and (iii) the close of
business on March 7, 2004."

2. The Summary of Terms of the Rights Agreement is replaced

and superseded for all purposes by Exhibit 1 hereto.

3. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be deemed to be a

contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes

shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such

state applicable to contracts to be made and performed entirely within such

state.

4. continuing Effect. Except as herein above expressly

provided, all provisions of the Rights Agreement, as previously amended,

shall continue in full force and effect.

5. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or

more counterparts all of which shall be considered one and the same

instrument and shall become effective as of the date hereof when one or

more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to

each of the other parties.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this

Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

Attest: THE BANK OF NEW YORK
COMPANY, INC.

/s/ Charles Rappold By: /s/ Alan R. Griffith

THE BANK OF NEW YORK

By: /s/ Jacqueline R. McSwiggan

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 4

AMENDED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS PLAN

Exhibit 1 to Third Amendment

EXHIBIT C

The following summary is not
complete and is qualified in its
entirety by the Rights Agreement and the
First, Second and Third Amendments thereto, copies
of which can be obtained from the Rights Agent,
The Bank of New York.

Summary of Terms

Dividend: The Board of Directors of the Company
originally declared a dividend of one
preferred stock purchase Right for each
outstanding share of Common Stock, which
was payable to shareholders of record on
December 24, 1985. The Rights Agreement
governing the terms of the Rights has been
amended as of June 13, 1989, as of April
30, 1993 and as of March 8, 1994. The
Rights will not be separable from the
Common Stock prior to the Separation Date
(discussed below) and until then
certificates for shares of Common Stock
will also represent a similar number of
Rights.

Separation Date: Rights initially separate from the Common
Stock and become exercisable on the tenth
day after the earliest of: (a) the date a
person (a broadly defined term) acquires
beneficial ownership (a broadly defined
term) of 20% or more of the Common Stock,
(b) the date of approval (or such later
date as the Board may fix) under the Bank
Holding Company Act or the date of notice
of nondisapproval under the Change in Bank
Control Act for any person to acquire
beneficial ownership of 25% or more of the
Common Stock, or (c) the date a person
commences or makes a public announcement
of an intent to commence a tender or
exchange offer to acquire beneficial
ownership of 20% or more of the Common
Stock (or such later date as the Board of
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 5

Directors may fix). Upon the occurrence
of the Separation Date, the Company will
mail certificates evidencing the Rights to
the Company's shareholders.

Preferred Stock Each Right entitles the holder after the
Purchasable Pursuant Separation Date to purchase, for $200 (the
to the Rights: "Exercise Price"), 1/1000th of a share of
a new issue of participating preferred
stock ("Preferred Stock"). The Preferred
Stock will have a liquidation value of
$200,000 per share and will bear dividends
equal to the dividends on 1000 share of
Common Stock.

"Flip-in" Trigger: If any person acquires 20% of more of the
outstanding Common Stock, then:

(i) Rights owned by the person acquiring
such stock or transferees thereof
will automatically be void; and

(ii) each other Right will automatically
become a right to buy, for the
Exercise Price, that number of
shares of Common Stock or Preferred
Stock having a market value of twice
the Exercise Price.

Exchange Feature: If any person acquires between 20% and 50%
of the outstanding Common Stock, the Board
may, in lieu of allowing Rights to be
exercised, require each outstanding Right
to be exchanged for one share of Common
Stock or 1/1000 of a share of Preferred
Stock.

"Flip-over" Trigger: After any person has acquired 20% of more
of the outstanding Common Stock, the
Company may not consolidate or merge with,
or sell 50% or more of its assets or
earning power to, any person, or be a
party to certain "self-dealing" trans-
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 6

actions, unless proper provision is made
so that each Right would thereafter become
a right to buy, for one-half the Exercise
Price, that number of shares of Common
Stock of such other person having a market
value equal to the Exercise Price.

Transferability Until the Separation Date, Rights are
of the Rights: transferable only with the transfer of
Common Stock. After the initial exercise
date, Rights will be separately
transferable, but only on the registry
books of the Rights Agent.

Redemption of Rights are redeemable at the Company's
the Rights: option for $0.05 per Right; provided that
the Board may not redeem the rights
following the tenth day after any person
acquires beneficial ownership of 20% or
more of the Company's Common Stock.

Expiration of The Rights will expire on the earliest of
the Rights: (i) the time at which the right to
exercise Rights shall terminate pursuant
to Section 3.2(c); (ii) the Redemption
Time and (iii) the close of business on
March 7, 2004.

Amendment of Terms The terms of the Rights may be amended
of Rights: without consent of the holders, provided
the amendment does not adversely affect
the interests of those holders.

Voting Rights: Rights have no voting rights.

Antidilution Rights have the benefit of certain
Provisions: customary antidilution provisions.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>