compared to $30.5 million ($0.97 per share) in the fourth quarter of 2023. Adjusted Diluted earnings per share (or Adjusted EPS, a non-GAAP measure) was $0.58 per share, compared to $1.22 per share for the same period of last year. Adjusted
the performance of the individual segments and is how we will review segment performance on a go-forward basis. Our consolidated EPS remains unchanged, but our Adjusted EBITDA margins for the individual segments will be impacted by this allocation." Outlook for the
ratio (non-GAAP) 0.88 The tables below provide a reconciliation of initial outlook for the full-year 2025 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS (non-GAAP measures) to the comparable GAAP measures: Initial Outlook Full Year 2025 Adjusted EBITDA Machine Clothing AEC (in millions) Low
EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA margin; Net debt; Net leverage ratio; and Adjusted Diluted earnings per share (or Adjusted EPS). Management believes that these non-GAAP measures provide additional useful information to investors regarding the Companys operational performance. Presenting Net revenues
in the current period. EBITDA (calculated as net income excluding interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization), Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EPS are performance measures that relate to the Companys continuing operations. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA excluding costs or
operate our business. Adjusted EBITDA margin represents Adjusted EBITDA expressed as a percentage of net revenues. The Company defines Adjusted EPS as diluted earnings per share (GAAP), adjusted by the after tax per share amount of costs or benefits not reflective
incurred or the effective tax rate applicable to total company results. The Companys Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Adjusted EPS may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Net debt aids investors in understanding the Companys debt
and in future periods of revenues, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA (both in dollars and as a percentage of net revenues), Adjusted EPS, income, gross profit, gross margin, cash flows and other financial items in each of the Companys businesses, and for the