management and investors with useful supplemental information. FTI Consulting defines Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share (Adjusted EPS), which are non-GAAP financial measures, as net income and earnings per diluted share (EPS), respectively, excluding the impact of remeasurement
Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share (Adjusted EPS), which are non-GAAP financial measures, as net income and earnings per diluted share (EPS), respectively, excluding the impact of remeasurement of acquisition-related contingent consideration, special charges, goodwill impairment charges, the gain or loss on
business and losses on early extinguishment of debt. The Company uses Adjusted Net Income for the purpose of calculating Adjusted EPS. Management uses Adjusted EPS to assess total Company operating performance on a consistent basis. The Company believes that these non-GAAP
early extinguishment of debt. The Company uses Adjusted Net Income for the purpose of calculating Adjusted EPS. Management uses Adjusted EPS to assess total Company operating performance on a consistent basis. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered
provide management and investors with useful supplemental information. We define Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share (Adjusted EPS), which are non-GAAP financial measures, as net income and earnings per diluted share (EPS), respectively, excluding the impact of remeasurement
a business and losses on early extinguishment of debt. We use Adjusted Net Income for the purpose of calculating Adjusted EPS. Management uses Adjusted EPS to assess total Company operating performance on a consistent basis. We believe that these non-GAAP financial
on early extinguishment of debt. We use Adjusted Net Income for the purpose of calculating Adjusted EPS. Management uses Adjusted EPS to assess total Company operating performance on a consistent basis. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together