in the analysis of fiscal 2025 results on its Investor Relations website. 1 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation
on non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. Forward-looking estimates of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS are made in a manner consistent with the relevant definitions and assumptions noted herein. 2 The Company does not provide
Outlook Driven Brands includes Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization (Adjusted EBITDA) and Adjusted Earnings per Share (Adjusted EPS) in the Companys Fiscal Year 2025 Outlook. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures and have not been
(Adjusted EBITDA) and Adjusted Earnings per Share (Adjusted EPS) in the Companys Fiscal Year 2025 Outlook. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures and have not been reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because it is not
required, we are unable to provide an outlook for the comparable GAAP measures. Forward-looking estimates of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS are made in a manner consistent with the relevant definitions and assumptions noted herein and in our filings with the
and in our filings with the SEC. Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS are considered non-GAAP financial measures under the SECs rules because they exclude certain amounts included in the net income attributable
share attributable to Driven Brands common stockholders calculated in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS are meaningful measures to share with investors because they facilitate comparison of the current period performance with that of the
comparison of the current period performance with that of the comparable prior period. In addition, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted EPS afford investors a view of what management considers to be Driven Brands core earnings performance as well as the ability