million exceeds guidance; adjusted EBITDA2 margin up 340 basis points vs. Q4 23 - Michael Johnson, Chairman and CEO Diluted EPS of $1.74; adjusted diluted EPS2 $0.36 Full-Year 2024 Net sales of $5.0 billion, down 1.4% vs. 2023 and at high
currency headwinds year-over-year, with adjusted EBITDA2 margin of 12.4%, up 340 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2023. Diluted EPS was $1.74 and includes $1.44 favorable impact related to the non-cash deferred income tax benefits recognized in the quarter. Adjusted
$42 million of foreign currency headwinds year-over-year, with adjusted EBITDA2 margin of 12.7%, up 140 basis points versus 2023. Diluted EPS was $2.50 and includes $1.45 favorable impact related to the non-cash deferred income tax benefits recognized in the fourth quarter.
$ 146.5 $ 133.1 11 Supplemental Information SCHEDULE A: RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (unaudited) Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS, Adjusted EBITDA and Credit Agreement EBITDA In addition to its reported results calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company
reported results calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company has included in this release adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted EBITDA and credit agreement EBITDA, performance measures that the Securities and Exchange Commission defines as non-GAAP financial measures. Adjusted
agreement EBITDA, performance measures that the Securities and Exchange Commission defines as non-GAAP financial measures. Adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted EBITDA and credit agreement EBITDA exclude the impact of certain unusual or non-recurring items such as expenses related to
operational performance. The Companys definitions and calculations as set forth in the tables below of adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted EBITDA and credit agreement EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because other
as the Company does and should not be viewed in isolation from, nor as alternatives to, net income or diluted EPS calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company does not provide a reconciliation of forward-looking adjusted EBITDA or constant currency