<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000706129-25-000073.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0000706129-25-000073.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416173349
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000706129-25-000073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HORIZON BANCORP INC /IN/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000706129
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				351562417
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10792
		FILM NUMBER:		25843705

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 FRANKLIN STREET
		CITY:			MICHIGAN CITY
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46360
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2198790211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 FRANKLIN STREET
		CITY:			MICHIGAN CITY
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46360

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HORIZON BANCORP /IN/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITIZENS MICHIANA FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19861021
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>hbnc-20250415.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?hbnc-20250415

0000706129false00007061292025-04-152025-04-15

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 15, 2025

HORIZON BANCORP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Indiana 000-10792 35-1562417

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

515 Franklin Street

Michigan City, IN46360

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(219) 879-0211

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, no par value HBNC The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On April 15, 2025, the Compensation Committee (the Committee) of the Board of Directors (the Board) of Horizon Bancorp, Inc. (Horizon or the Company) approved and adopted amended forms of award agreements for the grant of performance-based vesting and time-based vesting restricted stock under the Horizon Bancorp, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan). The amended forms of award agreements will govern grants of restricted stock awarded by the Committee after April 15, 2025, as well as certain grants made to executive officers of Horizon on March 18, 2025 under award agreements which have been amended to conform to the new forms of award agreements, as further described below.

Amended Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Performance-Based Vesting

The amended award agreement for performance-based vesting restricted stock amended the performance period and performance goals provisions of the agreement. Under the amended agreement, the performance period in Section 3 for awards of restricted stock is now specified as a three-year period beginning on January 1 of the first year of the performance period and ending on December 31 of the third year of the performance period. In addition, under the amended award agreement, the performance goals related to awards of restricted stock are now as follows: 

the Core Return on Average Assets performance goal is based on the percentile rank of the Company over the performance period relative to its peers for the Companys average performance measured by Core Return on Average Assets (as reported by S&P Global Market Intelligence), i.e., the summation of performance for calendar years one, two, and three, divided by three; and 

the Total Shareholder Return performance goal is based on the percentile rank at the end of the performance period relative to the Nasdaq Bank Index. 

Each of the two performance goals set forth above is weighted 50%. The amended award agreement describes the method for calculating Core Return on Average Assets and Total Shareholder Return. The amended award agreement also provides that if the foregoing performance goals are satisfied, the percentage of restricted stock that will be earned, vested, and payable in accordance with the agreement will be based on certain Target Benchmarks set forth in the agreement, which range from a weighted result of less than 25% corresponding to a 0% payout, to a weighted result of 76% or more corresponding to a 150% payout. 

Amended Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Time-Based Vesting

The amended award agreement for time-based vesting restricted stock amended the vesting period to provide that shares of restricted stock vest equally over a three-year period from the date of grant. Fractional shares that vest on the first two vesting dates will be rounded down, with a reconciliation of the remaining shares made on the last vesting date. No other amendments were made to the form of this award agreement.

The foregoing descriptions of the amended award agreements are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the amended award agreements, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

2

Amendments to Outstanding Restricted Stock Awards

On March 18, 2025, the Committee granted awards of restricted stock to each of the Companys named executive officers under the prior form of award agreement for time-based vesting restricted stock. Pursuant to these awards, the following shares of restricted stock were granted to the named executive officers: Thomas M. Prame 19,107 shares; Kathie A. DeRuiter 3,525 shares; Mark E. Secor 3,149 shares; John R. Stewart 6,350 shares; Todd A. Etzler 2,865 shares; and Lynn M. Kerber 3,801 shares. Under the prior form of award agreement (the material terms of which were previously publicly disclosed by the Company), the shares of restricted stock granted to each named executive officer vested on the anniversary of the grant date, provided the officer remained an eligible participant in the Plan on such date. Upon the adoption of the amended forms of award agreements by the Committee described above, the Company entered into amended award agreements effective March 18, 2025 with each of the named executive officers with respect to the outstanding restricted stock awards, such that the awards are now governed by the newly amended form of award agreement for time-based vesting restricted stock approved by the Committee. In this regard, the outstanding awards granted to each named executive officer now will vest equally over a three-year period, with one-third of the shares vesting on each of March 18, 2026, 2027, and 2028, provided the officer remains an eligible participant in the Plan on each such date, with any fractional shares rounded down on the first two vesting dates, with a reconciliation made on the last vesting date. The terms of each of the amended restricted stock awards are materially consistent with the form of award agreement for time-based vesting restricted stock, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Forward Looking Statements

This report may contain forward-looking statements regarding the financial performance, business prospects, growth, and operating strategies of Horizon. For these statements, Horizon claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements in this report should be considered in conjunction with the other information available about Horizon, including the information in the filings we make with the SEC. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance. The forward-looking statements are based on managements expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as anticipate, estimate, project, intend, plan, believe, will and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance.

Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially include: current financial conditions within the banking industry; changes in the level and volatility of interest rates, changes in spreads on earning assets and changes in interest bearing liabilities; increased interest rate sensitivity; the aggregate effects of elevated inflation levels in recent years; loss of key Horizon personnel; increases in disintermediation; potential loss of fee income, including interchange fees, as new and emerging alternative payment platforms take a greater market share of the payment systems; estimates of fair value of certain of Horizons assets and liabilities; changes in prepayment speeds, loan originations, credit losses, market values, collateral securing loans and other assets; changes in sources of liquidity; macroeconomic conditions and their impact on Horizon and its customers; legislative and regulatory actions and reforms; changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be 

3

adopted and required by regulatory agencies; litigation, regulatory enforcement, and legal compliance risk and costs; rapid technological developments and changes; cyber terrorism and data security breaches; the rising costs of cybersecurity; the ability of the U.S. federal government to manage federal debt limits; climate change and social justice initiatives; the inability to realize cost savings or revenues or to effectively implement integration plans and other consequences associated with mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures; acts of terrorism, war and global conflicts, such as the Russia and Ukraine conflict and the Israel and Hamas conflict; and supply chain disruptions and delays. These and additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements are discussed in Horizons reports (such as the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K) filed with the SEC and available at the SECs website (www.sec.gov). Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Horizon does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to publicly release the result of any revisions that may be made to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the events or circumstances after the date on which the forward-looking statement is made, or reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except to the extent required by law.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description Location

10.1 Amended Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (performance-based) under 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. Attached

10.2 Amended Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (time-based) under 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. Attached

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Within the Inline XBRL document

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 16, 2025 HORIZON BANCORP, INC.

By: /s/ John R. Stewart, CFA

John R. Stewart, CFA

Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>amendedformofrestricteds.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
amendedformofrestricteds

AWARD AGREEMENT RESTRICTED STOCK TIME-BASED VESTING SUMMARY Grant Date: __________, 2025 Number of Shares of Restricted Stock: Vesting Dates: Three Year Vesting Schedule (See 3) THIS AWARD AGREEMENT (the Agreement), is entered into and effective as of ____________, 20___, between Horizon Bancorp, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the Company), and ________________________, an eligible participant (the Participant) in the Horizon Bancorp, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan). Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Plan to further the growth and financial success of the Company and its Affiliates by aligning the interests of Participants, through the ownership of shares of Stock and through other incentives, with the interests of the Companys shareholders; to provide Participants with an incentive for excellence in individual performance; to promote teamwork among Participants; to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract and retain the services of Participants who make significant contributions to the Companys success; and to allow Participants to share in the success of the Company; and WHEREAS, the Participant has been designated by the Committee as an individual to whom Restricted Stock should be granted as determined from the duties performed, the initiative and industry of the Participant, and/or his or her potential contribution to the future development, growth and prosperity of the Company. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the Company and the Participant agree as follows: 1. Award of Restricted Stock. The Company hereby awards to the Participant, effective as of the date the Committee granted the award (the Grant Date), XX,XXX shares of Stock of the Company (hereinafter, the Restricted Stock), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. All provisions of the Plan, including defined terms, are incorporated herein and expressly made a part of this Agreement by reference. 2. Grant Date. The Grant Date of the award of Restricted Stock is _______________, 2025. 3. Period of Restriction and Vesting. The Period of Restriction shall for each vesting group of shares begin on the Grant Date and end, except as otherwise provided in Sections 4 and 5 of this Agreement, on the date the shares of Restricted Stock become vested. For purposes of this Agreement, the shares of Restricted Stock shall become vested on the following schedule: (i) 33-1/3% of the shares of the Restricted Stock on the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date, (ii) 33-1/3% of the shares of the Restricted Stock on the two-year anniversary of the Grant Date, and (iii) the balance of the shares of the Restricted Stock on the three-year anniversary of the Grant Date, provided that the Participant remains an eligible participant in the Plan on each such date. AWARD AGREEMENT PAGE 2 RESTRICTED STOCK (TIME-BASED) Fractional shares shall be rounded down on the first two vesting dates (and reconciled on the last vesting date) with vesting amounts as follows: Year 1 Vesting Shares Year 2 Vesting Shares Year 3 Vesting Shares 4. Change in Control. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Restricted Stock shall become vested upon a Change in Control of the Company only to the extent and under the circumstances provided in the Plan. 5. Termination of Service. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, in the event of the Participants Termination of Service for any reason other than death, Disability or Retirement, all unvested Restricted Stock shall be forfeited effective as of the date of the Participants Termination of Service. In the event of the Participants Termination of Service by reason of death, Disability or Retirement, unvested Restricted Stock shall become vested only to the extent and under the circumstances provided in the Plan. 6. Pass-Through of Dividends and Voting Rights. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, the Participant shall be entitled to (a) receive all cash dividends paid with respect to the Restricted Stock, and (b) exercise all voting rights associated with the Restricted Stock, regardless of whether the Period of Restriction has lapsed. 7. Participants Representations. The Participant represents to the Company that: (a) The terms and arrangements relating to the grant of Restricted Stock and the offer thereof have been arrived at or made through direct communication with the Company or a person acting on its behalf and the Participant; (b) The Participant has access to the financial statements and other SEC filings, including a recent balance sheet and income statement, of the Company, and as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company or one of its Affiliates: (i) is thoroughly familiar with the Companys business affairs and financial condition; and (ii) has been provided with or has access to such information (and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the Participant is capable of utilizing such information) as is necessary to evaluate the risks, and make an informed investment decision with respect to, the grant of Restricted Stock; and (c) The Restricted Stock is being acquired in good faith for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof. 8. Nontransferability. Until the end of the Period of Restriction, the Restricted Stock cannot be (a) sold, transferred, assigned, margined, encumbered, bequeathed, gifted, alienated, hypothecated, pledged or otherwise disposed of, whether by operation of law, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or otherwise, or (b) subject to execution, attachment or similar process. Any attempted or purported transfer of Restricted Stock in contravention of this Section or the Plan shall be null and void and of no force or effect whatsoever; provided, however, that the shares of Restricted Stock AWARD AGREEMENT PAGE 3 RESTRICTED STOCK (TIME-BASED) may be transferred to the Company in connection with exercise of an Option or for tax withholding as provided in the Plan. 9. Issuance of Shares. At or within a reasonable period of time following execution of this Agreement, the Company will issue, in book entry form, the Restricted Stock, using a restricted book entry account with the Companys transfer agent. Within a reasonable period of time following the end of the Period of Restriction, the Company shall issue to the Participant the number of shares of Restricted Stock that are earned and vested in accordance with this Agreement, less any tax withholding required by this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver any shares of Stock or make any other distribution of benefits under the Plan unless such delivery or distribution complies with all applicable laws (including the requirements of the Securities Act), and the applicable requirements of any Exchange or similar entity. As a further condition to the issuance of shares of Stock, the Company may require a Participant to make any representation or warranty that the Company deems necessary or advisable under any applicable law or regulation. 10. Restrictive Legends. A legend may be placed on any certificate(s) or other document(s) delivered to the Participant indicating restrictions on transferability of the Restricted Stock pursuant to this Agreement or any other restrictions that the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any applicable federal or state securities laws or any stock exchange on which the Stock is then listed or quoted. In the event the Participant is an affiliate of the Company (as defined by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), the Company may require the transfer agent to apply affiliate transfer restrictions to the Stock, and apply the following legend, in substantially the following form, to physical certificates delivered, if any: THE HOLDER OF THE SHARES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS AN AFFILIATE OF THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BY RULE 144 PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED), AND THEREFORE, THE SHARES ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 11. Income and Employment Tax Withholding. The Participant shall be solely responsible for paying to the Company all required federal, state, city and local income and employment taxes which arise when the Restricted Stock vests. The Committee, in its sole discretion and subject to such rules as it may adopt, shall require the Participant to satisfy any withholding tax obligation by having the Company withhold a number of shares of Restricted Stock otherwise vesting that would satisfy the tax withholding in an amount up to a Participants highest marginal rate, provided such withholding does not trigger liability accounting under FASB ASC Topic 718 or its successor, based on the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the vesting date. 12. Section 83(b) Election. The Participant may make an election under Code Section 83(b) (a Section 83(b) Election) with respect to the Restricted Stock. Any such election must be made within thirty (30) days after the Grant Date. If the Participant elects to make a Section 83(b) Election, the Participant shall provide the Company with a copy of an executed version and satisfactory evidence of the filing of the executed Section 83(b) Election with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. The Participant agrees to assume full responsibility for ensuring that the Section AWARD AGREEMENT PAGE 4 RESTRICTED STOCK (TIME-BASED) 83(b) Election is actually and timely filed with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and for all tax consequences resulting from the Section 83(b) Election. 13. Mitigation of Excise Tax. The Participant acknowledges that the Restricted Stock issued hereunder is subject to reduction by the Committee for the reasons specified in Section 7.18 of the Plan. 14. Indemnity. The Participant hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its Affiliates (and their respective directors, officers and employees), and the Committee, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses based upon or arising out of the incorrectness or alleged incorrectness of any representation made by Participant to the Company or any failure on the part of the Participant to perform any agreement contained herein. The Participant hereby further agrees to release and hold harmless the Company and its Affiliates (and their respective directors, officers and employees), including the Committee, from and against any tax liability, including without limitation, interest and penalties, incurred by the Participant in connection with the Participants participation in the Plan. 15. Financial Information. The Company hereby undertakes to make available to the Participant, so long as the Restricted Stock award is in effect and unvested, a balance sheet and income statement of the Company with respect to any fiscal year of the Company ending on or after the date of this Agreement. The Company has made this information available on the Companys website at www.horizonbank.com under About Us Investor Relations at Financial Information (financial highlights) and at Documents SEC Filings (Form 10-K audited financial statements and Form 10-Q unaudited quarterly financial statements). Upon written request, the Company will provide a paper copy of the balance sheet and income statement. 16. Changes in Stock. In the event of any change in the Stock, as described in the Plan, the Committee shall make the appropriate adjustment or substitution to or of the shares of Restricted Stock, all as provided in the Plan. The Committees determination in this respect shall be final and binding upon all parties. 17. Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions (or any portion thereof) contained herein will, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement, but this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or provisions (or portion thereof) had never been contained herein. If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because of the provisions scope, duration or other factor, then such provision shall be considered divisible and the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce or limit (but not increase or make greater) such scope, duration or other factor or to reform (but not increase or make greater) such provision to make it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law, and such provision shall then be enforceable against the appropriate party hereto in its reformed, reduced or limited form; provided, however, that a provision shall be enforceable in its reformed, reduced or limited form only in the particular jurisdiction in which a court of competent jurisdiction makes such determination. 18. No Right to Continued Service. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to be retained in any position as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company to effect a Termination of Service of the Participant at any time, with or without Cause. 

AWARD AGREEMENT PAGE 5 RESTRICTED STOCK (TIME-BASED) 19. Interpretation. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or the Company to the Committee for review. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and the Company. In the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained in this Agreement and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. 20. Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will be binding upon the Participant and the Participants beneficiaries, executors, and administrators. 21. Amendment. The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or cancel this Agreement, prospectively or retroactively; provided, that, no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participants material rights under this Agreement without the Participants consent. In addition, the Committee may amend the Plan or this Agreement to conform to any present or future law (including, but not limited to, Internal Revenue Code Section 409A) or avoid certain adverse accounting effects, as described in the Plan. 22. Clawback Policy. If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, any Participant who is subject to automatic forfeiture under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 shall reimburse the Company the amount of any payment in settlement of an Award earned or accrued during the twelve-month period following the first public issuance or filing with the SEC (whichever first occurred) of the financial document embodying such financial reporting requirement. In addition, Awards granted hereunder are subject to any clawback policy adopted by the Board from time to time. 23. Acceptance. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, and accepts the Restricted Stock subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock or disposition of the underlying shares of Stock and that the Participant has been advised to consult a tax advisor prior to such grant, vesting or disposition. 24. Effect of Headings. The descriptive headings of the Sections and, where applicable, subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement for purposes of interpretation. 25. Controlling Laws. Except to the extent superseded by the laws of the United States, the laws of the State of Indiana, without reference to the choice of law principles thereof, shall be controlling in all matters relating to this Agreement. 26. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and each of which may be delivered by facsimile, e-mail, electronic signature (including, but not limited to, DocuSign or Adobe Sign), or other functionally equivalent electronic means of transmission, and these counterparts will together constitute one and the same instrument. The parties agree that these forms of signatures shall be treated the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility. [Signature page follows] AWARD AGREEMENT PAGE 6 RESTRICTED STOCK (TIME-BASED) IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its officer thereunder duly authorized, and the Participant, have caused this Award Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written. HORIZON BANCORP, INC. By: Thomas M. Prame Chief Executive Officer PARTICIPANT
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>hbnc-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>hbnc-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hbnc-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>amendedformofrestricteds001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>amendedformofrestricteds002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>amendedformofrestrictedsto.pdf
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
2021 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

AWARD AGREEMENT
RESTRICTED STOCK-PERFORMANCE-BASED VESTING
SUMMARY
Grant Date:
Number of Shares of Restricted Stock:
Performance Period:

January 1, 20__ to December 31, 20__

THIS AWARD AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), is entered into and effective as of
______________, 20__, between Horizon Bancorp, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the
"Company"), and __________________, an eligible participant (the "Participant") in the
Horizon Bancorp, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). Capitalized terms used in
this Agreement and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan.
WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Plan to further the growth and financial success
of the Company and its Affiliates by aligning the interests of Participants, through the ownership of
shares of Stock and through other incentives, with the interests of the Company's shareholders; to
provide Participants with an incentive for excellence in individual performance; to promote
teamwork among Participants; to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract
and retain the services of Participants who make significant contributions to the Company's success;
and to allow Participants to share in the success of the Company; and
WHEREAS, the Participant has been designated by the Committee as an individual to
whom Restricted Stock should be granted as determined from the duties performed, the initiative
and industry of the Participant, and/or his or her potential contribution to the future development,
growth and prosperity of the Company.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein
contained, the Company and the Participant agree as follows:
1.
Award of Restricted Stock. The Company hereby awards to the Participant,
effective as of the date the Committee granted the award (the "Grant Date"),
___________________ (0,000) shares of Stock of the Company (hereinafter, the "Restricted
Stock"), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. All
provisions of the Plan, including defined terms, are incorporated herein and expressly made a part of
this Agreement by reference.
2.
Grant Date. The Grant Date of the award of Restricted Stock is
___________________.
3.
Performance Period. The "Performance Period" related to this award of
Restricted Stock is the three-year period beginning on January 1, 20__ and ending on December 31,
20__.
4.
Performance Goals. The "Performance Goals" for the Performance Period are
specified in Schedule A1 based, in the case of Core Return on Average Assets, on the percentile rank
of the Company over the Performance Period relative to its Peers as determined by the
Compensation Committee for the Company's average performance measured by Core Return on

Average Assets (S&P Global Market Intelligence) (i.e., the summation of performance for calendar
years one, two, and three, divided by three) and, in the case of cumulative Total Shareholder Return,
on the percentile rank at the end of the Performance Period relative to the Nasdaq Bank Index, each
weighted as shown below. Only banks which have reported year-end results by March 1st or that
have not merged out of or otherwise are not included in the Peer Group will be considered for
comparison purposes. In the event S&P Global Market Intelligence LLC (or any successor) ceases
to report appliable financial data, the Committee will engage an independent compensation
consultant to assist the Committee in selecting a new bank index for purposes of determining if a
Performance Goal has been met. The peer group for comparison is the peer group for the year of
the Grant Date, and if none has been selected for the current Grant Date, the most recent past peer
group will be used.
*

50% -- Percentile Position of Core Return on Average Asset Relative to Peers (S&P
Global) - Net income after taxes and before extraordinary items, less net income
attributable to noncontrollable interest, gain on sale/loss of securities, amortization of
intangibles, goodwill, and nonrecurring items.

*

50% Percentile Position of the Total Shareholder Return Relative to Nasdaq Bank
Index - The TSR relative to the NASDAQ Bank Index.
5.

Calculations

For calculating Core Return on Average Assets, all adjusted items are tax effected at the
statutory corporate tax rate, which is 21% as of this grant date, but subject to change. Core net
income, as defined herein, is then divided by average total assets.
For calculating relative Total Shareholder Return, the beginning stock price is the average
closing price of the Company's common stock over the 20 consecutive trading days immediately
prior to the Grant Date and the ending stock price is the average closing price of the Company's
common stock over the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the last day of the Performance
Period. Dividends shall include only dividends actually paid during the Performance Period.
6.
Performance-Based Vesting Requirements. The Participant will earn the
Restricted Stock and the Restricted Stock will vest for the Performance Period (a) to the extent the
Performance Goals are satisfied in accordance with Schedule A, and (b) only if the Service based
vesting requirements in Section 7 below also have been satisfied, except as otherwise provided in the
Plan. If the Performance Goals are satisfied, the percentage of the Restricted Stock that will be
earned, vested, and payable in accordance with this Agreement shall be based on the "Target
Benchmarks" contained in Schedule A2. If the Performance Goals are not satisfied, the Restricted
Stock eligible to be earned and vested during the Performance Period will be forfeited effective as of
the last day of the Performance Period.
7.
Service-Based Vesting Requirements. The Participant will satisfy the Servicebased vesting requirements if the Participant does not incur a Termination of Service prior to the
last day of the Performance Period.
8.
Termination of Service. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, in the event of the Participant's
Termination of Service for any reason other than death, Disability or Retirement, all unvested
Restricted Stock shall be forfeited effective as of the date of the Participant's Termination of
AWARD AGREEMENT
RESTRICTED STOCK (PERFORMANCE-BASED)

PAGE 2

Service. In the event of the Participant's Termination of Service by reason of death, Disability or
Retirement, unvested Restricted Stock shall become vested only to the extent and under the
circumstances provided in the Plan.
9.
Change in Control. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, the Restricted Stock shall become vested upon a Change in Control of the Company only
to the extent and under the circumstances provided in the Plan.
10.
Pass-Through of Dividends and Voting Rights. Unless otherwise determined by
the Committee in its sole discretion, the Participant shall be entitled to (a) receive all cash dividends
paid with respect to the Restricted Stock, and (b) exercise all voting rights associated with the
Restricted Stock, regardless of whether the Performance Period has expired.
11.

Participant's Representations. The Participant represents to the Company that:

(a)

The terms and arrangements relating to the grant of Restricted Stock and the offer
thereof have been arrived at or made through direct communication with the
Company or a person acting on its behalf and the Participant;

(b)

The Participant has access to the financial statements and other SEC filings,
including a recent balance sheet and income statement, of the Company, and as an
Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company or one of its Affiliates:

(c)

(i)

is thoroughly familiar with the Company's business affairs and financial
condition; and

(ii)

has been provided with or has access to such information (and has such
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the
Participant is capable of utilizing such information) as is necessary to evaluate
the risks, and make an informed investment decision with respect to, the
grant of Restricted Stock; and

The Restricted Stock is being acquired in good faith for investment purposes and not
with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof.

12.
Nontransferability. Until the Restricted Stock becomes earned and vested based
on achievement or satisfaction of the performance-based requirements and the Service-based
requirements, the Restricted Stock cannot be (a) sold, transferred, assigned, margined, encumbered,
bequeathed, gifted, alienated, hypothecated, pledged or otherwise disposed of, whether by operation
of law, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or otherwise, or (b) subject to execution, attachment or
similar process. Any attempted or purported transfer of Restricted Stock in contravention of this
Section or the Plan shall be null and void and of no force or effect whatsoever.
13.
Issuance of Shares. At or within a reasonable period of time following execution
of this Agreement, the Company will issue, in book entry form, the Restricted Stock, using a
restricted book entry account with the Company's transfer agent. Within a reasonable period of
time after the Restricted Stock becomes earned and vested based on the performance-based
requirements and the Service-based requirements, the Company shall issue to the Participant the
number of shares of Restricted Stock that are earned and vested in accordance with this Agreement,
less any tax withholding required by this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver any shares of Stock or make any other
distribution of benefits under the Plan unless such delivery or distribution complies with all
AWARD AGREEMENT
RESTRICTED STOCK (PERFORMANCE-BASED)

PAGE 3

applicable laws (including the requirements of the Securities Act), and the applicable requirements of
any Exchange or similar entity. As a further condition to the issuance of shares of Stock, the
Company may require a Participant to make any representation or warranty that the Company
deems necessary or advisable under any applicable law or regulation.
14.
Restrictive Legends. A legend may be placed on any certificate(s) or other
document(s) delivered to the Participant indicating restrictions on transferability of the Restricted
Stock pursuant to this Agreement or any other restrictions that the Committee may deem advisable
under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any
applicable federal or state securities laws or any stock exchange on which the Stock is then listed or
quoted. In the event the Participant is an "affiliate" of the Company (as defined by Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), the Company may require the transfer
agent to apply affiliate transfer restrictions to the Stock, and apply the following legend, in
substantially the following form, to physical certificates delivered, if any:
"THE HOLDER OF THE SHARES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS AN
"AFFILIATE" OF THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BY RULE 144 PROMULGATED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED), AND THEREFORE, THE SHARES ARE
SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAWS."

15.
Income and Employment Tax Withholding. The Participant shall be solely
responsible for paying to the Company all required federal, state, city and local income and
employment taxes which arise when the Restricted Stock vests. The Committee, in its sole discretion
and subject to such rules as it may adopt, shall require the Participant to satisfy any withholding tax
obligation by having the Company withhold a number of shares of Restricted Stock otherwise
vesting that would satisfy the tax withholding in an amount up to a Participant's highest marginal
rate, provided such withholding does not trigger liability accounting under FASB ASC Topic 718 or
its successor, based on the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the vesting date.
16.
Section 83(b) Election. The Participant may make an election under Code Section
83(b) (a "Section 83(b) Election") with respect to the Restricted Stock. Any such election must be
made within thirty (30) days after the Grant Date. If the Participant elects to make a Section 83(b)
Election, the Participant shall provide the Company with a copy of an executed version and
satisfactory evidence of the filing of the executed Section 83(b) Election with the U.S. Internal
Revenue Service. The Participant agrees to assume full responsibility for ensuring that the Section
83(b) Election is actually and timely filed with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and for all tax
consequences resulting from the Section 83(b) Election.
17.
Mitigation of Excise Tax. The Participant acknowledges that the Restricted Stock
issued hereunder is subject to reduction by the Committee for the reasons specified in Section 7.18
of the Plan.
18.
Indemnity. The Participant hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the
Company and its Affiliates (and their respective directors, officers and employees), and the
Committee, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses based upon
or arising out of the incorrectness or alleged incorrectness of any representation made by Participant
to the Company or any failure on the part of the Participant to perform any agreement contained
herein. The Participant hereby further agrees to release and hold harmless the Company and its
AWARD AGREEMENT
RESTRICTED STOCK (PERFORMANCE-BASED)

PAGE 4

Affiliates (and their respective directors, officers and employees), including the Committee, from
and against any tax liability, including without limitation, interest and penalties, incurred by the
Participant in connection with the Participant's participation in the Plan.
19.
Financial Information. The Company hereby undertakes to make available to the
Participant, so long as the Restricted Stock award is in effect and unvested, a balance sheet and
income statement of the Company with respect to any fiscal year of the Company ending on or after
the date of this Agreement. The Company has made this information available on the Company's
website at www.horizonbank.com under About Us - Investor Relations at "Financial Information"
(financial highlights) and at "Documents - SEC Filings" (Form 10-K audited financial statements and
Form 10-Q unaudited quarterly financial statements). Upon written request, the Company will
provide a paper copy of the balance sheet and income statement.
20.
Changes in Stock. In the event of any change in the Stock, as described in the
Plan, the Committee shall make the appropriate adjustment or substitution to or of the shares of
Restricted Stock, all as provided in the Plan. The Committee's determination in this respect shall be
final and binding upon all parties.
21.
Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions (or any portion thereof)
contained herein will, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect,
such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement,
but this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or
provisions (or portion thereof) had never been contained herein. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because of the
provision's scope, duration or other factor, then such provision shall be considered divisible and the
court making such determination shall have the power to reduce or limit (but not increase or make
greater) such scope, duration or other factor or to reform (but not increase or make greater) such
provision to make it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law, and such provision shall
then be enforceable against the appropriate party hereto in its reformed, reduced or limited form;
provided, however, that a provision shall be enforceable in its reformed, reduced or limited form only in
the particular jurisdiction in which a court of competent jurisdiction makes such determination.
22.
No Right to Continued Service. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer
upon the Participant any right to be retained in any position as an Employee, Consultant or Director
of the Company. Further, nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall be construed to limit the
discretion of the Company to effect a Termination of Service of the Participant at any time, with or
without Cause.
23.
Interpretation. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be
submitted by the Participant or the Company to the Committee for review. The resolution of such
dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and the Company. In the
event of a conflict between any term or provision contained in this Agreement and a term or
provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail.
24.
Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this
Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and
assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement will
be binding upon the Participant and the Participant's beneficiaries, executors, and administrators.

AWARD AGREEMENT
RESTRICTED STOCK (PERFORMANCE-BASED)

PAGE 5

25.
Amendment. The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue, or
cancel this Agreement, prospectively or retroactively; provided, that, no such amendment shall
adversely affect the Participant's material rights under this Agreement without the Participant's
consent. In addition, the Committee may amend the Plan or this Agreement to conform to any
present or future law (including, but not limited to, Internal Revenue Code Section 409A) or avoid
certain adverse accounting effects, as described in the Plan.
26.
Clawback Policy. If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement
due to the material noncompliance of the Company, as a result of misconduct, with any financial
reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, any Participant who is subject to automatic
forfeiture under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 shall reimburse the Company the
amount of any payment in settlement of an Award earned or accrued during the twelve-month
period following the first public issuance or filing with the SEC (whichever first occurred) of the
financial document embodying such financial reporting requirement. In addition, Awards granted
hereunder are subject to any clawback policy adopted by the Board from time to time.
27.
Acceptance. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and
this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands the terms and provisions of the Plan and
this Agreement, and accepts the Restricted Stock subject to all of the terms and conditions of the
Plan and this Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences
upon the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock or disposition of the underlying shares of Stock
and that the Participant has been advised to consult a tax advisor prior to such grant, vesting or
disposition.
28.
Effect of Headings. The descriptive headings of the Sections and, where
applicable, subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience and identification only and
do not constitute a part of this Agreement for purposes of interpretation.
29.
Controlling Laws. Except to the extent superseded by the laws of the United
States, the laws of the State of Indiana, without reference to the choice of law principles thereof,
shall be controlling in all matters relating to this Agreement.
30.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, and each of which may be delivered by facsimile, e-mail,
electronic signature (including, but not limited to, DocuSign(R) or Adobe Sign), or other functionally
equivalent electronic means of transmission, and these counterparts will together constitute one and
the same instrument. The parties agree that these forms of signatures shall be treated the same as
handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility.
[Signature page follows]

AWARD AGREEMENT
RESTRICTED STOCK (PERFORMANCE-BASED)

PAGE 6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, by its officer thereunder duly authorized, and
the Participant, have caused this Award Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above
written.
HORIZON BANCORP, INC.

By:

Thomas M. Prame
Chief Executive Officer

AWARD AGREEMENT
RESTRICTED STOCK (PERFORMANCE-BASED)

PARTICIPANT

<Name>

PAGE 7

SCHEDULE A1 - PERFORMANCE GOALS

Metric

Return on Average Assets: The Core ROAA
for the Company relative to peers ROAA as
determined by the Compensation Committee
for the banks included in the S&P Global.
Total Shareholders Return: The TSR relative
to the NASDAQ Bank Index

Weight

50%

50%

SCHEDULE A2 - TARGET BENCHMARK

Weighted Result
<25%
25% - 35%
36% - 45%
46% - 55%
56% - 75%
76%+

AWARD AGREEMENT
RESTRICTED STOCK (PERFORMANCE-BASED)

Payout
0%
35%
75%
100%
125%
150%

PAGE 8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover Page Cover Page

Apr. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 000-10792

Entity Registrant Name HORIZON BANCORP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000706129

Amendment Flag false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, no par value

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code IN

Entity Tax Identification Number 35-1562417

Trading Symbol HBNC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Address, Address Line One 515 Franklin Street

Entity Address, City or Town Michigan City

Entity Address, State or Province IN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 46360

City Area Code 219

Local Phone Number 879-0211

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.horizonbank.com/role/CoverPageCoverPage 
Cover Page Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

hbnc-20250415.htm 
hbnc-20250415.xsd 
hbnc-20250415_lab.xml 
hbnc-20250415_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0000706129-25-000073-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>hbnc-20250415_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000706129 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

0000706129 
false 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
HORIZON BANCORP, INC. 
IN 
000-10792 
35-1562417 
515 Franklin Street 
Michigan City 
IN 
46360 
219 
879-0211 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, no par value 
HBNC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>