<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000717538-25-000010.txt : 20250210
<SEC-HEADER>0000717538-25-000010.hdr.sgml : 20250210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250210172828
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000717538-25-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250129
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARROW FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000717538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				222448962
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12507
		FILM NUMBER:		25606792

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 GLEN ST
		CITY:			GLENS FALLS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5184154299

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 GLEN STREET
		CITY:			GLENS FALLS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARROW BANK CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900710
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>arow-20250129.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?arow-20250129

0000717538FALSE00007175382025-01-292025-01-29

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report: January 29, 2025

(Date of earliest event reported)

ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New York 0-12507 22-2448962

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

250 Glen Street Glens Falls New York 12801

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 518 745-1000

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, Par Value $1.00 per share AROW NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Item 5.02(b) and (e). Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

Director Dake to Retire. On January 29, 2025, Gary L. Dake notified the Board of Directors of Arrow Financial Corporation (the "Company") that he will retire from the Board after serving out the rest of his term which ends at the 2025 Annual Meeting. Mr. Dake has served as a Director of the Company for 23 years. We thank him for his many years of service to the Company and wish him the best.

New Employment Agreement for CEO DeMarco. On February 6, 2025, Arrow Financial Corporation ("the Company") executed a new three-year employment agreement with David S. DeMarco, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Arrow Bank National Association ("Arrow Bank"). The new agreement was effective February 1, 2025 and replaced an existing three-year employment agreement entered into by the Company with Mr. DeMarco in February 2024. Mr. DeMarcos new employment agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Mr. DeMarcos new agreement provides an annual base salary of $718,850 and establishes an annual cash incentive target of 50% of base salary. Mr. DeMarco is eligible for periodic merit increases as determined by the Board of Directors. The agreement will automatically extend by an additional year on each anniversary date unless Arrow, the Bank, the Board of Directors or the executive provide written notice of their intention not to extend the agreement. The agreement includes provisions as is customary for an executive in this type of position related to benefits, change of control provisions, non-compete, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, failure to renew, perquisites, retirement, death, indemnification, termination and confidentiality. 

New Employment Agreements for Other Executive Officers. On February 6, 2025, the Company and Arrow Bank executed new two-year employment agreements with each of (i) David D. Kaiser, as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of the Company and Arrow Bank, (ii) Penko K. Ivanov, the Company's Senior Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, and the Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer of Arrow Bank, (iii) Andrew J. Wise, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Company and Arrow Bank, and (iiii) Marc J. Yrsha, the Company's Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer of the Company and Arrow Bank. The new agreements were effective February 1, 2025 and replaced existing employment agreements previously entered into by the Company with Messrs. Kaiser, Ivanov, Wise and Yrsha in 2024. The executives new employment agreements are attached as Exhibits 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and which are incorporated herein by reference.

Under the new agreements, Mr. Ivanov's annual base salary will be $422,300, Mr. Kaiser's annual base salary will be $375,950, Mr. Wise's annual base salary will be $375,950, and Mr. Yrsha's annual base salary will be $375,950. The agreements establish an annual cash incentive compensation target of 40% of base salary and make each executive eligible for periodic merit increases as determined by the Board of Directors. Each agreement will extend by an additional year on each anniversary date unless Arrow, the Bank, the Board of Directors or the executives provide written notice of their intention not to extend the agreement. The agreements include provisions as is customary forexecutives in these type of positions, relating to benefits, change of control provisions, non-compete, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, failure to renew, perquisites, retirement, death, indemnification, termination and confidentiality. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.12025 Employment Agreement between the Company and David S. DeMarco 

10.22025 Employment Agreement between the Company and Penko K. Ivanov

10.32025 Employment Agreement between the Company and David D. Kaiser

10.42025 Employment Agreement between the Company and Andrew J. Wise

10.52025 Employment Agreement between the Company and Marc J. Yrsha

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION

Date: February 10, 2025 /s/ Penko Ivanov

Penko Ivanov

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>demarco2025.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
demarco2025

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT is effective as of February 1, 2025 (the "Agreement") among ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a New York corporation with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 ("Arrow"), its wholly-owned subsidiary, ARROW BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 and DAVID. S. DEMARCO, residing at 2 Ingersoll Road, Saratoga Springs, New York 12866 (the "Executive"). ARROW BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION is referred to herein as the "Bank" and the Bank and Arrow are collectively referred to herein as the "Company." The effective date of this Agreement shall be February 1, 2025 (the "Effective Date"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Paragraph 12 of this Agreement. Recitals WHEREAS, Arrow and the Bank consider the maintenance of a competent and experienced executive management team to be essential to the long-term success of Arrow and the Bank; and WHEREAS, the Executive wishes to continue to serve Arrow and the Bank as part of such executive management team; and WHEREAS, in this regard, Arrow and the Bank, on the one hand, and the Executive, on the other, have determined that it is in the best interests of all of the parties that the Executive serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of Arrow and the Bank, pursuant to a written employment agreement and in order to secure Executive's services and skills, which are considered extraordinary, special and unique for its business and the long-term success thereof; and WHEREAS, the parties have agreed that this Agreement will supersede and replace any and all agreements, written or oral, previously in place regarding the employment of the Executive by either Arrow or the Bank, except for compensatory or employee benefit plans applicable to employees of Arrow and/or the Bank generally or to certain groups or sub-groups of employees of which the Executive is a member, and awards or award agreements issued to the Executive under such plans; and NOW, THEREFORE, in furtherance of the interests described above and in consideration of the respective covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Arrow and the Bank will employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to be employed by Arrow and the Bank, for the Term of this Agreement, as defined in Paragraph 2 (the "Employment"). Arrow and the Bank agree to employ the Executive as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with such duties as are described in Paragraph 3 and subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any termination of employment of Executive as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Arrow shall effect a termination of employment of Executive at all positions at Arrow, the Bank and their Affiliates. 

2. Term. (a) Tenn. The term of Employment of the Executive under this Agreement (the "Tenn") shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless the Executive becomes a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement or such Employment is earlier terminated as provided in Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall expire on the day before the third anniversary of the Effective Date. (b) Renewal. Notwithstanding Paragraph 2(a), on each anniversary of the Effective Date, the Agreement shall be deemed to have been automatically extended for successive periods of one year each, upon the same terms and conditions, unless Arrow, the Bank, or the Board of Directors, or the Executive shall have provided written notice of their intention not to extend the term of the Agreement to the other parties at least 30 days prior to the applicable Renewal Date. If the Tenn is automatically extended in accordance with this Paragraph 2(b ), then, during the remainder of the extended Tenn: (i) The Executive's Base Salary shall not be less than the Executive's Base Salary as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; (ii) subject to Paragraph S(b) hereof, the Executive will be entitled to other benefits (not including discretionary benefits and awards) having an aggregate value to the Executive at least equal to the aggregate value of the other benefits provided to the Executive as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; and (iii) the other terms and conditions relating to the Executive's position and duties, place of performance, rights upon a Change of Control of Arrow and rights in connection with any early Termination of Employment of the Executive shall be in each such instance at least as favorable to the Executive as the terms and conditions relating to such matters under this Agreement, and generally shall be as favorable to the Executive as is this Agreement, as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date. (c) Failure to Renew. If any party provides written notice to the other parties, at least 30 days prior to a Renewal Date, of their intention not to extend the Term of the Agreement, then: (i) the Tenn shall not be extended, but (ii) this Agreement and the Executive's employment hereunder shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of the unextended Tenn of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, and the rights and obligations of each of the parties hereunder, including the rights and obligations of the parties under Paragraph 2(b ), shall continue unchanged during the remaining Tenn of this Agreement, despite such failure to renew, except as may be specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement. 3. Position and Duties. The Executive shall serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and shall have such duties, responsibilities, and authority as normally attend such positions or as may reasonably be assigned to the Executive from time to time by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board, as appropriate. The Executive is employed in a position that 2 

involves and requires a high level of trust and confidence and requests a significant time commitment. The Executive agrees to act at all times with the highest level of loyalty and integrity toward Arrow and its Affiliates. The Executive agrees to act and perform his duties in a manner consistent with all federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as all Arrow and Bank policies, procedures, rules, guidelines, and operating procedures adopted from time to time. The Executive shall be responsible to obtain and maintain any licenses or certifications which may be required for the performance of his duties and shall comply with all laws, regulations and rules that apply to Arrow and its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the above, the Executive shall not be required to perform any duties that would result in Arrow's, the Banks', or the Executive's non-compliance with, or any violation of, any applicable law, regulation, regulatory policy or other regulatory requirement. The Executive shall devote substantially all his working time and efforts to the business and affairs of Arrow and the Bank, provided however, that the Executive may, with the approval of the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, serve as a director or officer of any non-competing business or engage in any other activity, including but not limited to, charitable or community activity, to the extent that such does not inhibit the performance of his duties hereunder or otherwise violate this Agreement. 4. Place of Performance. In connection with the Executive's Employment hereunder, the Executive shall be based at the principal executive offices of Arrow or the Bank, except for required travel on business. Arrow or the Bank shall furnish the Executive with office space, administrative assistance, and such other facilities and services as shall be suitable to the Executive's position and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. 5. Compensation. (a) ~- The base annual salary ("Base Salary") of the Executive shall be $715,850.00, payable by Arrow and/or the Bank in equal bi-weekly installments (i.e., every two weeks) or at such other intervals as shall constitute the regular payroll practice of Arrow and/or the Bank. Such Base Salary shall be effective as of January 1st of each calendar year. The Executive's Base Salary may be increased from time to time in accordance with the normal business practices of Arrow and the Bank, as determined by the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, and, if so increased, such Base Salary shall not thereafter during the Term be decreased and the obligation of the Bank or Arrow hereunder to pay the Executive's Base Salary shall thereafter relate to such increased Base Salary. Compensation of the Executive by Base Salary payments shall not prevent the Executive from participating in any other compensation or benefit plan of Arrow or the Bank in which he is entitled to participate and participation in any such other compensation or benefit plan shall not in any way limit or reduce the obligation of each of Arrow and the Bank to pay the Executive's Base Salary hereunder. (b) Other Benefits. In addition to the compensation provided for in subparagraph (a) above, the Executive shall be entitled during the Term (i) to participate in any and all employee benefit programs or stock purchase programs of Arrow or the Bank now or hereafter in effect and open to participation by qualifying employees of Arrow or the Bank generally including, but not limited to, the retirement plan, supplemental retirement plan (make-up benefit feature), employee stock purchase plan and employee stock ownership plan of Arrow or the Bank, (ii) to participate in employee incentive plans (cash or equity, annual or long-term incentive), under 3 

which such plans awards are discretionary, including the Company's short-term incentive plan under which the Executive will be eligible to receive a discretionary cash bonus with the "Target Bonus" being set at fifty percent (50%) of his Base Salary, less all necessary and required federal, state and local payroll deductions, and (iii) to enjoy certain personal benefits provided by Arrow or the Bank including, but not limited to: (i) life insurance on the life of the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (ii) disability insurance for the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (iii) comprehensive medical and dental insurance under a group plan provided by Arrow, with the Executive to pay only those amounts required to be paid thereunder by covered employees generally under the cost-sharing arrangements in effect from time to time under such plan; (iv) reimbursement in full of all business, travel and entertainment expenses incurred by the Executive in performing his duties hereunder in accordance with Arrow's policies and guidelines regarding the same; and (v) fully paid vacation during each calendar year in accordance with the vacation policies of Arrow in effect from time to time. Neither Arrow nor the Bank shall make any material changes in any of the personal benefits specified in this Agreement adversely affecting the Executive (excluding discretionary benefits and awards) unless such change occurs pursuant to a program applicable to all executive officers of Arrow or the Bank, as the case may be, and the adverse effect on the Executive is not proportionately greater than the adverse effect of the change on any other executive officer of Arrow or the Bank previously enjoying such benefit. Premiums for the above-described insurance programs will be payable in accordance with the Bank' regular monthly premium payments applicable to such insurance programs. Reimbursement of expenses shall not be paid later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. 6. Termination of Employment following Change of Control. (a) Retired Early Employee. If (i) a Change of Control occurs during the Tenn of Employment hereunder, and (ii) within twelve (12) months after such Change of Control, either (x) Arrow and the Bank deliver to the Executive an advance written notice of Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 12(gg) hereof or (y) the Executive delivers to Arrow and the Bank an advance written notice of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 12(ft) hereof then, upon subsequent effectiveness of such Termination of Employment ( either such termination, if effected under this Paragraph 6(a), a "Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee"), the 4 

Executive (sometimes referred to herein as a 4'Retired Early Employee") will, following such a Termination of Employment, be entitled to receive, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, upon the effective date of such Termination of Employment, such payments (in addition to any other payments then receivable by him) as are provided hereafter in this Paragraph 6. (b) Cash Payments and Benefits. (i) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, in the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall, commencing on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8 and continuing throughout the Pay-out Period, make equal monthly payments to the Executive (which shall not be deemed Base Salary payments) in an amount such that the present value of all such payments, determined as of the date of such Termination of Employment, equals three (3) times the sum of the Executive's Base Salary and Target Bonus for the year in which advance written notice of termination of employment occurs. Subject to Paragraph 8, if at any time during the Pay-out Period the Arrow Board in its sole discretion shall determine, upon application of the Retired Early Employee supported by substantial evidence, that the Retired Early Employee has experienced an unforeseeable emergency, as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, Arrow or the Bank shall make available to the Retired Early Employee, in one (1) lump sum payment, an amount up to the amount needed to relieve such unforeseeable emergency (including taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of such lump sum payment) but not greater than the present value of all monthly payments remaining to be paid to him in the Pay-out Period, calculated as of the date of such determination by the Arrow Board, for the purpose of relieving such unforeseeable emergency to the extent the same has not been or may not be relieved by (A) reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, (B) liquidation of the Retired Early Employee's assets (to the extent such liquidation would not itself cause severe financial hardship), or (C) distributions from other benefit plans. If (I) the lump sum amount thus made available is less than (II) the present value of all such remaining monthly payments, Arrow or the Bank shall continue to pay to the Retired Early Employee monthly payments for the duration of the Pay-out Period, but from such date forward such monthly payments will be in a reduced amount such that the present value of all such reduced payments, calculated as of the date of such determination, will equal the difference between (II) and (I), above. The Retired Early Employee may elect to waive any or all payments due him under this subparagraph. (ii) In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall provide the Executive during the Pay-out Period with medical, dental and life insurance coverage maintained by Arrow that is generally equivalent to the coverage held by the Executive (including dependent coverage, as applicable) immediately prior to such Termination of Employment, subject to general changes in such group plan offerings by Arrow or the Bank from time to time during the Pay-out Period and further subject to payment by the Executive of any amounts which would be required to be paid by the Executive if the Executive was then employed by Arrow or the Bank under the cost-sharing arrangements then in effect from time to time, which cost-sharing amounts may be deducted from the cash payments required to be made by Arrow or the Bank under Paragraph 6(b )(i) above. The cost of any such medical and dental coverage which is self-funded by Arrow or the 5 

Bank will be included in the taxable income of Executive to the extent it is paid directly or indirectly by Arrow or the Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Arrow's and the Bank' obligations under this Paragraph 6(b )(ii) shall terminate to the extent that the Executive becomes eligible for medical, dental and life insurance coverage from a new employer; provided, however, that the Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement. (c) Death of Retired Early Employee. If the Retired Early Employee dies before receiving all monthly cash payments payable to him as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6(b)(i) above, the Bank shall pay to the Executive's spouse, or if the Executive leaves no spouse, to the estate of the Executive, one (1) lump sum payment in an amount equal to the present value of all such remaining unpaid monthly payments, determined as of the date of death of the Executive. Such amount shall be paid within thirty (30) days of the Executive's death, provided that the spouse may not designate the calendar year of payment. (d) Indemnification of Executive. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, in the event a Change of Control and a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee occurs, Arrow and the Bank shall indemnify the Executive for all legal fees and expenses subsequently incurred by the Executive in seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided under this Agreement related to such events, provided, however, that such right to indemnification will not apply if and to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the Company did not breach its obligations under the Agreement or that any such fees and expenses have been incurred in whole or part as a result of the Executive's bad faith or assertion of claims that were unfounded or frivolous. Indemnification payments payable hereunder by Arrow and the Bank shall be made not later than thirty (30) days after a request for payment has been received from the Executive with such evidence of indemnifiable fees and expenses as Arrow or the Bank may reasonably request, provided, however, that such indemnification and reimbursement payments shall not be made later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. (e) No Offset. Except as is contemplated by Paragraph 6(b)(ii) above or as permitted by applicable law, amounts payable to the Executive as a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 shall not be subject to any offset or reduction for (i) any amounts owed or claimed to be owed by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates or (ii) any amounts of compensation or income received or generated by the Executive as a result of any other employment or self-employment of the Executive during the Pay-out Period. The Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement, and shall be prohibited from accepting certain other forms of employment and from engaging in certain other types of business during the Pay-out Period (as well as during certain other post-Termination of Employment periods) as and to the extent specified in Paragraph 9 of this Agreement. (f) Allocation. If the Executive should elect to become a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 and as a result of such election should become entitled to receive certain cash payments during the Pay-out Period as set forth above, Arrow shall determine, as soon as practicable following its receipt from the Executive of written notice of such election, the 6 

amount, if any, of such future cash payments that may properly be allocated to the Executive's future performance of his obligations not to compete with, solicit customers or employees from, or disparage Arrow or its Affiliates under Paragraph 9 of this Agreement, with such allocation to be expressed as a single dollar amount equal to the present value determined as of the date of Termination of Employment, of the amounts of the required future payments thus allocated. When thus determined, the dollar amount of this allocation shall be communicated by Arrow to the Executive. (g) Excess Parachute Payment. (i) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, to the extent that any Company provided payment, distribution or benefit in favor of the Executive (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations thereunder), whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (the "Change of Control Termination Total Payments"), is or will be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), then the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the extent that, and only to the extent that, such reduction in the Change of Control Termination Total Payments would result in the Executive not being subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Executive shall have given prior written notice specifying a different order to the Company to effectuate the foregoing, the Company shall reduce or eliminate the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, by first reducing or eliminating the portion of the Change of Control Termination Total Payments which are payable in cash and then by reducing or eliminating non-cash payments, in each case in reverse order beginning with payments or benefits which are to be paid the farthest in time from the date of the Change of Control. Any notice given by the Executive pursuant to the preceding sentence shall take precedence over the provisions of any other plan, arrangement or agreement governing the Executive's rights and entitlements to any benefits or compensation. (ii) The determination of whether the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced as provided in Paragraph 6(g)(i) above and the amount of such reduction (the "Section 4999 Determination") shall be made at the Company's expense by an accounting firm selected by the Executive from among the six largest accounting firms in the United States (or a regional accounting firm approved by the Company) or at the Executive's expense by an attorney selected by the Executive. Such accounting firm or attorney shall provide its Section 4999 Determination, together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation to the Company and the Executive not later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee. If such firm or attorney determines that no Excise Tax is payable by the Executive with respect to the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, it shall furnish the Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to the Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to any such payments and, absent manifest error, such determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. If such firm or attorney determines that an Excise Tax would be payable, the Company shall have the absolute right to accept such determination as to the extent of the reduction, if any, pursuant to Paragraph 6(g)(i) above, or if the Company so chooses, at its sole discretion, to have such determination reviewed by another 7 

accounting firm selected by the Company, at the Company's expense. If the Company's accounting firm is different from an accounting firm that makes such determination, and does not agree with such latter accounting firm, a third accounting firm shall be jointly chosen by the two firms, in which case the determination of such third accounting firm shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. 7. Early Termination of Employment. In addition to any Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, a Termination of Employment of Executive may occur prior to the normal expiration of the Tenn under the circumstances and with the consequences set forth below. (a) Termination of Employment for Cause. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, and subject to the provisions of this Paragraph 7(a), either Arrow or the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause by Arrow and/or either of the Bank shall require the affinnative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or the Bank Board ( excluding Executive if they are a Board Member). Once such a determination has been made, the Chair of the Arrow Board shall give notice to the Executive in writing setting forth the "for Cause" reasons Arrow and/or a Bank effected such Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause, the Executive will not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow and/or either of the Bank. (b) Termination of Employment Without Cause. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, either Arrow and/or either of the Bank may effect, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(b), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph 12(gg) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6( a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7(b ). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7(b ), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one (1) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the greater of (i) the total amount of Base Salary payments which would have been payable to the Executive during the period extending from such effective date until the normal expiration date of Employment under this Agreement as in effect at such time, had there been no early Tennination of Employment of Executive without Cause (and assuming the Executive otherwise would have remained employed throughout such period and that his Base Salary would have remained unchanged throughout such period), or (ii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the current Base Salary of the Executive on the effective date of such Termination of Employment. 8 

(c) Termination of Employment for Good Reason. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, the Executive may effect at his own discretion, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(c), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph 12(ft) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6(a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one (I) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the dollar amount of the lump sum payment the Executive would have been entitled to receive had a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 7(b) above occurred on such date, and under identical circumstances except for the identity of the party effecting such Termination of Employment and the existence of Good Reason. (d) Tennination of Employment for Disability. If, as a result of the Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness, the Executive shall not have performed his duties hereunder on a full-time basis for six (6) consecutive months, Arrow and/or either of the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability upon thirty (30) days' written notice. Such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Arrow Board and/or the Bank Board (excluding the Executive ifhe is a Board Member). The compensation of the Executive during any period of disability prior to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall be the amounts normally payable to him in accordance with this Agreement, reduced by the sum of the amounts, if any, paid to the Executive for such period under disability benefit plans maintained by Arrow or the Bank. The Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation from Arrow or the Bank for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank. (e) Termination of Employment upon Death. Upon the death of Executive during the Term of Employment hereunder (and simultaneous Termination of Employment of Executive upon Death), the Executive's estate or beneficiaries, as applicable, shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the date of death, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank, including death benefits. (t) Other Early Terminations of Employment. The Employment of Executive may be terminated before the normal expiration of the Term hereof under certain other circumstances, not otherwise addressed in Paragraphs 6 or 7 hereof, as follows: 9 

(i) Retirement. Executive may terminate his Employment hereunder upon retirement at or after attaining retirement or early retirement age under any retirement plan of Arrow and its Affiliates then in effect with respect to which Executive is a covered person ("Retirement"). Upon any such Termination of Employment of Executive due to Retirement, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment for Retirement, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable post-retirement benefits and payments provided to or for the Executive under retirement, severance and similar plans of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates then in effect as to which the Executive participates. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a retirement except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such retirement of Executive shall be the thirtieth (30th ) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (ii) Termination by Executive without Good Reason. If the Executive determines, at his own discretion, to terminate his Employment prior to the expiration of the Term of Employment hereunder, without Good Reason and in the absence of the Retirement or Disability of the Executive (any such, a "Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason"), including any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plans or policies covering Executive or under any other applicable agreements with Executive. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason shall be the thirtieth (30th) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (iii) Termination as a Result of Liquidation, Dissolution, Order, Etc. If the Employment of Executive by Arrow or the Bank is terminated prior to the expiration date of this Agreement as a result of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Arrow or the Bank or the involuntary closing of the Bank by bank regulators prior to such date, or by virtue of any order or decree of any court or administrative or regulatory agency or body with jurisdiction over Arrow or the Bank ordering or requiring the Termination of Employment of Executive by either or both such entities prior to such expiration date, Executive shall have no right to receive from Arrow or the Bank, and neither Arrow nor the Bank shall have any obligation to pay or provide to Executive, any compensation or benefits, other than such Base Salary payments and normal benefits as may be required to be paid or provided to the Executive through the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive; provided, however, that nothing herein shall reduce or affect any obligations that Arrow or the Bank may have to Executive under any other agreement with Executive or under any qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plan or policy covering Executive or under any plan of liquidation or dissolution adopted by Arrow or the Bank in connection with any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 10 

8. Delayed Payment of Benefits; Conditions to Payment of Benefits. (a) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if the Executive is a "specified employee," as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, on the date of his Termination of Employment, amounts that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A that would otherwise have been paid during the six month period immediately following the date of such Termination of Employment shall be paid on the first regular payroll date immediately following the six-month anniversary of such Termination of Employment, with interest to be paid on each such amount, the payment of which is then delayed, at the rate of yield on U.S. Treasury Bills with the earliest maturity date that occurs at least six months after such date of such Termination of Employment (as reported in the Wall Street Journal) from such date of Termination of Employment to the date of actual payment. Reimbursements or payments directly to the service provider for health care expenses incurred during such six-month period, plus reimbursements and in-kind benefits in an amount up to the applicable dollar limit on elective deferrals to a 40l(k) plan under Section 402(g)(l)(B) of the Code, and other amounts that do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall not be subject to such six-month delay requirement. (b) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, neither Arrow nor the Bank will have any obligation to make or commence any payment, or provide any benefit, provided for in Paragraphs 6(b), 7(b) or 7(c) unless and until Executive (1) first signs and delivers to Arrow and/or the Bank within 45 days of the date of Termination of Employment a separation and release agreement prepared by Arrow in a form acceptable to Arrow and which such agreement shall include a full release of Arrow, its Affiliates, employee benefit plans/trusts, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, administrators, trustees, fiduciaries, insurers, successors and assigns and such other provisions as are typically required by an employer therein, and (2) all conditions to the effectiveness of such separation and release agreement sha11 have been satisfied. Upon satisfaction of these conditions, the payments and benefits provided for in Paragraphs 6(b ), 7 (b) or 7 ( c) will be paid, or commence to be paid, on the later of (i) the first applicable regular payroll date of Arrow immediately following the 60th day anniversary of the date of Termination of Employment, without interest to be paid on such amount, or (ii) the date provided for in Paragraph 8(a), if applicable. Arrow agrees to provide to Executive within ten days of the Termination of Employment of Executive, the form of separation and release agreement required by it. 9. Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation; Non-Disparagement. Arrow and its Affiliates are engaged in the businesses of banking, lending, trust operations and providing financial, property, casualty and health insurance and investment adviser services and products (collectively, the "Business"). As a senior executive, Executive provides services that are unique, special and/or extraordinary to the Business in which Arrow and its Affiliates engage, and have access to and will learn of trade secrets of Arrow and its Affiliates and confidential information pertaining to their customers. The provisions of Paragraphs 9 and 10 are agreed by the parties to be reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill of Arrow's and its Affiliates' Business, the good will of special/long-term customer relationships, Arrow's and its Affiliates' confidential information and trade secrets (including but not limited to information concerning their customers, marketing studies, marketing strategies, acquisition plans, costs, personnel and 11 

financial performance) and confidential customer information and to protect against unfair competition by an employee whose services are special, unique and/or extraordinary to the Business of Arrow and its Affiliates and their long-term success. Accordingly, the Executive agrees as follows: (a) Non-Compete. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason ( excluding death), including any Termination of Employment following a Change in Control under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly: (1) engage in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial, property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services or products anywhere in the Designated Area or (2) manage, operate, or control, or accept or hold a position as a director, officer, employee, agent or partner of or adviser or consultant to, or otherwise perform substantial services for or provide advice to, any bank or insured financial institution or other corporation or entity engaged in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial, property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services and products ( directly or through an affiliate), excluding Arrow and its Affiliates (any such other bank, institution, corporation or entity, a "Financial Institution"), if, as of the effective date of such Termination of Employment, such Financial Institution has any office or branch located within the Designated Area or has immediate plans to establish any office or branch within the Designated Area. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "Designated Area" as of any particular time will consist of all counties in the State of New York and any other state in which Arrow or any of its Affiliates maintains an office or branch through which it engages in Business or has acted to establish an office or a branch through which it will engage in Business. The provisions of this paragraph shall not prohibit Executive during such two-year period from working for a company whose principal business is providing property, casualty or health insurance, private equity investments, or serving as a securities broker if Executive is engaged solely in that business and not in the business of providing banking, lending or trust services. The term financial services means financial products associated with the business of banking, including in particular but not limited to credit cards, debit cards, checking and savings accounts, and money market funds. (b) Non-Solicitation. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason ( excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, (i) acting on behalf of any Financial Institution, regardless of where such Financial Institution is located or doing business, solicit any banking, lending or trust business or the business of providing financial, insurance or investment adviser services or products business for such Financial Institution from, or otherwise seek to obtain as a customer or client of such Financial Institution, any person or entity that, to the knowledge of the Executive, was a customer or client of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, and whom Executive, or anyone supervised directly or indirectly by Executive, worked with, at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment; or (ii) acting on behalf of any other corporation or entity, including any Financial Institution, regardless of where such other corporation or entity is located or doing business, 12 

employ, recruit or solicit as an employee of such corporation or entity or retain or seek to retain as an agent or consultant of such corporation or entity, any individual employed by or retained as an agent or consultant of Arrow or any of its Affiliates in furtherance of their Business at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment if such individual possesses knowledge of any trade secrets or confidential customer information of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, or provided services that were unique and/or extraordinary to Arrow or its Affiliates in their Business and Executive worked with or directly or indirectly managed such individual at any time during the last year of Executive's Employment. (c) Non-Disparagement. For a period of ten (10) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason ( excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, make any statements, declarations, announcements, assertions, remarks, comments or suggestions, orally or in writing, that individually or collectively are, or may be construed as being, defamatory, derogatory, negative, or disparaging to Arrow or its Affiliates (including any successor to Arrow or its Affiliates by merger or acquisition or any of such successor's affiliates), or to any director, officer, controlling shareholder, member, employee or agent of any of the foregoing. Nothing in Paragraph 9(c) is intended to prohibit any truthful testimony to a court or governmental entity. It is the intention of the parties to restrict the activities of the Executive under this Paragraph 9 only to the extent necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests of Arrow and/or its Affiliates, and the parties specifically covenant and agree that should any of the clauses or provisions of the restrictions set forth herein, under any set of circumstances, be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective, then and in that event, the court so holding may reduce the extent or duration of such restrictions or effect any other change to such restrictions to the extent necessary to render such restrictions enforceable by said court to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. The enforceability of the provisions of this Paragraph 9 shall not be affected by the existence or non-existence of any agreement with similar terms between Arrow and another employee, or by the failure of Arrow or its Affiliates to enforce, or their agreement to waive or change, the terms of any such agreement with another employee containing similar terms. This Paragraph 9 shall survive termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms. 10. Confidential Information. The Executive specifically acknowledges that all information pertaining to Arrow or its Affiliates received by him during the course of his employment which has been designated confidential, constitutes a trade secret or otherwise has not been made publicly available, including, without limitation, plans, strategies, projections, analyses, and information pertaining to customers or potential customers, is the exclusive property of Arrow and its Affiliates and the Executive covenants and agrees not to disclose any of such information, without the express prior written consent of the Arrow Board, during his employment hereunder or after Termination of Employment, to anyone not employed or engaged by Arrow or an Affiliate thereof to render services to it. Confidential Information does not include information which is generally known to the public through no wrongful act or omission of any party. The Executive further covenants and agrees that he will not at any time use any such information, without such express prior written consent, for his own benefit or the benefit 13 

of any party other than Arrow or its Affiliates. The Executive will provide Arrow or the Bank with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for Arrow or the Bank to access the matters on which the Executive worked or to otherwise continue their business. At the end of the Executive's employment, or whenever requested, the Executive agrees to promptly return all Confidential Information, in whatever form, in his possession or control. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or applied to prohibit the Executive from making any good faith report to any governmental agency or entity concerning any act or omission that Executive reasonably believes constitutes a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected unde the anti-retaliation or whistleblower provisions of any applicable federal or state law or regulation. In addition, nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Executive's ability to communicate with any governmental agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any governmental agency, including the Executive's ability to provide documents or other information, without notice to Arrow or the Bank. 11. Ownership of Inventions and Ideas. Executive acknowledges that the Company is the sole owner of all the results and proceeds of his service at the Company, including but not limited to, all patents, patent applications, patent rights, formulas, copyrights, inventions, developments, discoveries, other improvements, data, documentation, drawings, charts, and other written, audio and/or visual materials relating to equipment, methods, products, processes or programs in connection with or useful to the business of Arrow or any of its Affiliates ( collectively, the "Developments") which Executive, by himself or in conjunction with any other person, may conceive, make, acquire, acquire knowledge of, develop or create during Executive's employment with the Company, free and clear of any claims by Executive ( or any successor or assignee of Executive) of any kind or character whatsoever. Executive acknowledges that all copyrightable Developments shall be considered works made for hire under the Federal Copyright Act. Executive hereby assigns and transfers his right, title and interest in and to all such Developments and agrees that he shall, at the request of the Company, execute or cooperate with the Company in any patent applications, execute such assignments, certificates or other instruments, and do any and all other acts, as the Company may from time to time reasonably deem necessary or desirable to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, protect, enforce or defend the Company's right, title and interest in or to any such Developments. 12. Definitions. The following capitalized terms when used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings. ( a) "Affiliate" means any corporation or other business entity that from time to time is, along with Arrow, a member of a controlled group of businesses, as defined in Sections 414(b) and 414(c) of the Code, provided that the language "at least 50 percent" shall be used instead of "at least 80 percent" each place it appears in such test. A corporation or other business entity is an Affiliate only while a member of such group. (b) hereof. (c) "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph "Anniversary Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. 14 

(d) "Arrow" shall mean Arrow Financial Corporation. (e) "Arrow Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Arrow. ( f) "Bank" shall mean, Arrow Bank National Association. (g) "Bank Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Bank. (h) "Base Salary" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 5(a) hereof. (i) "Change of Control" means: (i) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Arrow; (ii) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock of Arrow acquired during the twelve month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group, constitutes 30% or more of the total voting power of the stock of Arrow; (iii) A majority of the members of the Arrow Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Arrow Board before the date of the appointment or election; or (iv) One person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group) assets from Arrow that have a total gross fair market value ( detennined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets) equal to or more than 40% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of Arrow immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. Persons will not be considered to be acting as a group solely because they purchase or own stock of the same corporation at the same time, or as a result of the same public offering. However, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with Arrow. This definition of Change of Control shall be interpreted in accordance with, and in a manner that will bring the definition into compliance with, the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. (j) "Change of Control Termination Total Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (k) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 15 

(1) ''Designated Area" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof: (m) "Developments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 11 hereof. (n) "Effective Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. ( o) "Employment" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 1 hereof. (p) "Excise Tax" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (q) "Executive" shall mean David S. DeMarco. (r) "Financial Institution" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof. (s) "Non-Acceptance" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (t) "Non-Offer" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (u) "Non-Renewal" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (v) "Pay-out Period" shall mean the period commencing on the date of Termination of Employment and ending two years thereafter. (w) hereof. (x) (y) "Replacement Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) "Retired Early Employee" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6 hereof. "Retirement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 7(f)(i) hereof. (z) "Section 4999 Determination" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(ii) hereof. (aa) "Target Bonus" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 5(b) hereof. (bb) "Term" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(a) hereof. (cc) "Termination of Employment" or "Termination of Employment of Executive" means the separation from service of the Executive, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code, with and from Arrow and its Affiliates. Generally, for purposes of Section 409A, a separation from service means a decrease in the performance of services to no more than 20% of the average for the preceding 36-month period, disregarding leaves of absence ofup to six months where there is a reasonable expectation the Executive will return. ( dd) "Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee" means a Termination of Employment of Executive pursuant to Paragraph 6(a) hereof, that is, either a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause or a Termination of Employment of 16 

Executive for Good Reason, in either case, following a Change in Control and otherwise meeting the requirements of Paragraph 6(a) hereof (ee) "Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause" shall mean a termination of the Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank pursuant to Paragraph 7(a) for any one or more of the following "Causes:" (i) any willful misconduct by the Executive which is materially injurious to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates, monetarily or otherwise; (ii) any willful failure by the Executive to follow the reasonable directions of the Arrow Board or the Bank Board; (iii) any failure by the Executive substantially to perform any reasonable and lawful directions of the Arrow Board or the Bank Board ( other than failure resulting from disability or death) within thirty (30) days after delivery to the Executive by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board of a written demand for substantial performance, which written demand shall specifically identify the manner in which such board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed; (iv) any inability of the Executive to serve as an officer or director of Arrow or any Affiliate, or perform any substantial portion of Executive's duties hereunder, by reason of any order of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency, or any other regulatory authority or agency having jurisdiction over Arrow or any of its Affiliates; (v) intentionally providing false or misleading information to, or otherwise misleading, the Arrow Board, the Bank Board or any committee thereof; (vi) habitual insobriety, abuse of prescribed drugs, or illegal use of controlled substances that materially impairs the Executive's ability to perform his duties hereunder and/or negatively reflects upon Arrow and/or the Bank or their reputation; or ( vii) any breach of this Agreement that has a material and/or adverse economic effect on Arrow or the Bank taken as a whole, if not cured within 30 days from Executive's receipt from Arrow or the Bank of written notice thereof, specifying in reasonable detail the alleged breach; (viii) engaging in or directing others to engage in an act or omission, or series of actions, deemed to be fraudulent, dishonest or unlawful; (ix) any knowing and material violation of the Executive of corporate policies and procedures that result in the damage to the business or reputation of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates, including without limitation, Arrow's and the Bank' codes of conduct, code of ethics, conflict of interest policies, or policies prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation; 17 

(x) any knowing breach of the fiduciary duty or duty ofloyalty of the Executive; or (xi) any demonstrated incompetence of the Executive. (fl) "Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason" means any Termination of Employment of Executive, effected by the Executive, in his sole discretion, following Executive's discovery of a Good Reason for such Termination of Employment (as defined below), and meeting all of the requirements for such Termination of Employment set forth below. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(c) of this Agreement unless it meets all of the conditions for a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank, which written notice must be delivered, if such Termination of Employment is to become effective, not later than ninety (90) days after the discovery by the Executive of the Good Reason underlying such Termination of Employment (and, if the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, not later than one (I) year after the date of the Change in Control the occurrence of which is a pre-condition to the right of Executive to effect such a Termination of Employment under Paragraph 6(a)). The written notice of termination delivered by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank shall (i) state that the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(c), as appropriate, (ii) identify with reasonable particularity the Good Reason or Good Reasons underlying the Termination of Employment, and (iii) specify the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the delivery of such notice to Arrow or the Bank, as determined by the Executive. If, prior to the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive specified in the written notice, Arrow or the Bank is able to remedy in full, and remedies in full, the circumstances underlying or constituting the Good Reason or Good Reasons identified by the Executive in the written notice, then such Good Reason or Good Reasons shall be deemed cured and the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed null and void, effective upon execution of written affidavit of cure signed by Arrow and the Bank and consented to by the Executive, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, "Good Reason" shall mean (i) the occurrence of a Non-Offer of a Replacement Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) hereof; (ii) a material diminution in the Executive's title, authority, duties, or responsibilities without the Executive's prior consent; (iii) Executive is required to relocate more than I 00 miles from the base location at which Executive currently performs his employment duties without the Executive's prior consent; or (iv) the occurrence of a material breach by the Company of any provision of this Agreement. (gg) HTennination of Employment of Executive without Cause" means any Termination of Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank prior to normal expiration of the Tenn of Employment hereunder, for any reason or no reason, that does not 18 

qualify as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause or otherwise meet the definition of any other Termination of Employment of Executive hereunder. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement unless it meets all the conditions for a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by Arrow or either of the Bank to Executive, stating that such Termination of Employment is a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement, as appropriate, and specifying the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than ninety (90) days after the date of delivery of such notice to Executive, as determined by Arrow or either of the Bank. Arrow and/or either of the Bank may relieve the Executive of all duties and place the Executive on a paid administrative leave during the notice period. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause (including the delivery of the required written notice of termination) shall require the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or Bank Board (excluding the Executive ifhe is a Board Member). 13. Return of Property. Executive agrees to return to the Company, on or prior to his Termination of Employment, all property and any information (including any copies thereof, electronic or otherwise) that Executive has received, prepared or helped to prepare during the course of Executive's employment with the Company or is otherwise in his possession except that Executive may retin copies of materials relating to his compensation or benefits. In addition Executive will provide the Company with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for the Company to access materials on which Executive worked or to otherwise continue in their respective businesses. 14. Legal Proceedings. Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company and its legal counsel, and to furnish any and all complete and truthful information, testimony or affidavits, in connection with any matter that arose during his employment with the Company or in connection with any litigation, governmental proceeding or investigation, arbitration or claim, that in any way relates to the business or operations of the Company, or of which Executive may have any knowledge or involvement. Executive will make his best efforts to consult with and provide information to the Company and its legal counsel concerning all such matters, and appear as and when requested to provide any such information, assistance or testimony on reasonable notice. The Company will use reasonable efforts to have such cooperation performed at reasonable times and places and in a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with any other employment or other business activity in which Executive may then be engaged. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Executive to provide any testimony, sworn statement or declaration that is not complete and truthful. If the Company requires Executive to travel outside the metropolitan area in the United States where he then resides to provide any testimony or otherwise provide any such assistance, then the Company agrees to reimburse Executive for any reasonable, customary and necessary travel and lodging expenses incurred by him in connection therewith provided Executive submits all documentation required under Employer's reimbursement policies and as otherwise may be required to satisfy any requirements under applicable tax laws for the Company to deduct those expenses. To the extent 19 

that Executive is required to spend significant time assisting the Company as contemplated under this Section 14, Employer shall compensate the Executive at a reasonable hourly rate to be agreed upon by the parties, each party acting reasonably. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Executive from giving truthful testimony or information to law enforcement entities, administrative agencies or courts or in any other legal proceedings as required by law, including, but not limited to, assisting in an investigation or proceeding brought by any governmental or regulatory body or official related to alleged violations of any law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 15. Successors and Assigns; Assumption by Successors. This Agreement is a personal services contract which may not be assigned by Arrow or the Bank to, or assumed from Arrow or the Bank by, any other party without the prior consent of the Executive. All rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their personal or legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns. Arrow will require any successor ( whether direct or indirect, by purchase, assignment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Arrow in any consensual transaction expressly to assume this Agreement and to agree to perform hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent that Arrow would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. References herein to "Arrow" or the "Bank" will be understood to refer to the successor or successors of Arrow or the Bank, respectively. 16. Notices. Any notice required or desired to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the addresses of the other parties set forth in the first Paragraph of this Agreement, provided that all notices to Arrow or the Bank shall be directed in each case to the Chairman of the Arrow Board. 17. Waiver of Breach. Waiver by any party of a breach of any provision shall not operate as or be construed a waiver by such party of any subsequent breach hereof. 18. Invalidity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect. 19. Entire Agreement; Written Modification; Termination. This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the parties concerning the employment of the Executive by Arrow and the Bank. No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless in writing specifically referring hereto and signed by the party against whom such provision as modified or amended or such waiver is sought to be enforced. This Agreement shall terminate as of the time Arrow or the Bank makes the final payment which it may be obligated to pay hereunder or provides the final benefit which it may be obligated to provide hereunder, or, iflater, as of the time the last remaining restriction set forth in Paragraph 9 expires. Paragraphs 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 through 25 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 20. Performance by Arrow or the Bank. Performance under this Agreement by Arrow and the Bank, including the payment of any amounts provided for hereunder, are subject 20 

to applicable law and regulation including payments prohibited under 12 CFR 359 and any other payment restrictions on executive compensation under applicable banking law and regulation. Any obligation of Arrow or the Bank to make a payment under any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed an obligation of both parties to make such payment, and the making of such payment by either such party shall be deemed performance of the obligation to pay by both such parties. 21. Company Policies or Guidelines; Clawback. (a) In consideration of the Executive's employment with Arrow and the Bank, Executive agrees that his compensation and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise by Arrow or the Bank are subject to (i) applicable laws and regulations as are in effect from time to time, and (ii) current or subsequently adopted policies or guidelines issued by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board, in each case, impacting such compensation or benefits pursuant to the terms of such applicable laws, regulations, policies or guidelines ( e.g., clawback or incentive compensation recoupment policies and/or stock ownership guidelines). (b) Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with Arrow or Arrow Bank National Association which is subject to recovery under any clawback or other policy adopted by Arrow or Arrow Bank National Association from time to time or any other law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such policy, law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement. Arrow and/or Arrow Bank National Association will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable policy, law, regulation or requirement. 22. Counterparts. This Agreement may be made and executed in counterparts, in which case all counterparts shall be deemed to constitute one original document for all purposes. 23. Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by and is to be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of law principles. 24. Section 409A Compliance. The parties intend that all provisions of this Agreement comply with the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable. No provision of this Agreement shall be operative to the extent that it will result in the imposition of the additional tax described in Code Section 409A(a)(l)(B)(i)(II). If any provision hereof is reasonably deemed to contradict Section 409A, the parties agree to revise, to the extent practicable, the Agreement as necessary to comply with Section 409A and fulfill the purpose of the voided provision. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to permit accelerated payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, as defined in Section 409A, or any other payment in violation of the requirements of Section 409A. With respect to reimbursements that constitute taxable income to Executive, no such reimbursements or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any calendar year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for 21 

reimbursement in any other calendar year and Executive's right to reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation in exchange for any other benefit. 25. Authorization. Arrow and the Bank represent and warrant that the execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by resolution of their respective boards or committees thereof, as applicable. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 22 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed or caused to be executed this Agreement effective as of the date hereof. ( -\'t,, February ~ ' 2025 l ,t")... February l9 , 2025 February (;~ 2025 ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION By: ~~ ~---=---- - - -. Penko K. Ivanov, SEVP, CFO & Treasurer ARROW BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By: ~ ~t> ...> Penko K. Ivanov, SEVP, CFO & Treasurer David S. DeMarco, President and CEO 23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ivanov2025.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
ivanov2025

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT is effective as of February 1, 2025 ("Agreement") among ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a New York corporation with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 ("Arrow"), its wholly-owned subsidiary, ARROW BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 and PENKO K. IVANOV, residing at 55 Wincoma Lane, Queensbury, NY 12804 (the "Executive"). Arrow Bank National Association is referred to herein as the "Bank" and the Bank and Arrow are collectively referred to herein as the "Company." The effective date of this Agreement shall be February 1, 2025 (the "Effective Date"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Paragraph 12 of this Agreement. Recitals WHEREAS, Arrow and the Bank consider the maintenance of a competent and experienced executive management team to be essential to the long-term success of Arrow and the Bank; and WHEREAS, the Executive wishes to continue to serve Arrow and the Bank as part of such executive management team; and WHEREAS, in this regard, Arrow and the Bank, on the one hand, and the Executive, on the other, have determined that it is in the best interests of all of the parties that the Executive serve as Senior Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Bank, pursuant to a written employment agreement and in order to secure Executive's services and skills, which are considered extraordinary, special and unique for its business and the long-term success thereof; and WHEREAS, the parties have agreed that this Agreement will supersede and replace any and all agreements, written or oral, previously in place regarding the employment of the Executive by either Arrow or the Bank, except for compensatory or employee benefit plans applicable to employees of Arrow and/or the Bank generally or to certain groups or sub-groups of employees of which the Executive is a member, and awards or award agreements issued to the Executive under such plans; and NOW, THEREFORE, in furtherance of the interests described above and in consideration of the respective covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Arrow and the Bank will employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to be employed by Arrow and the Bank, for the Term of this Agreement, as defined in Paragraph 2 (such employment, the "Employment"). Arrow and the Bank agree to employ the Executive and the Executive agrees to serve as Senior Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Arrow; and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Bank, with such duties as are described in Paragraph 3 and subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any termination of 

employment of Executive as the Senior Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Arrow shall effect a termination of employment of Executive at all positions at Arrow, the Bank and their Affiliates. 2. Term. (a) Term. The term of Employment of the Executive under this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless the Executive becomes a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement or such Employment is earlier terminated as provided in Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall expire on the day before the second anniversary of the Effective Date. (b) Renewal. Notwithstanding Paragraph 2(a), on each anniversary of the Effective Date, the Agreement shall be deemed to have been automatically extended for successive periods of one year each, upon the same terms and conditions, unless Arrow, the Bank, or the Board of Directors, or the Executive shall have provided written notice of their intention not to extend the term of the Agreement to the other parties at least 30 days prior to the applicable Renewal Date. If the Term is automatically extended in accordance with this Paragraph 2(b), then, during the remainder of the extended Term: (i) The Executive's Base Salary shall not be less than the Executive's Base Salary as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; (ii) subject to Paragraph S(b) hereof, the Executive will be entitled to other benefits (not including discretionary benefits and awards) having an aggregate value to the Executive at least equal to the aggregate value of the other benefits provided to the Executive as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; and (iii) the other terms and conditions relating to the Executive's position and duties, place of performance, rights upon a Change of Control of Arrow and rights in connection with any early Termination of Employment of the Executive shall be in each such instance at least as favorable to the Executive as the terms and conditions relating to such matters under this Agreement, and generally shall be as favorable to the Executive as is this Agreement, as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date. (c) Failure to Renew. If any party provides written notice to the other parties, at least 30 days prior to a Renewal Date, of their intention not to extend the Term of the Agreement, then: (i) the Term shall not be extended, but (ii) this Agreement and the Executive's employment hereunder shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of the unextended Term of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, and the rights and obligations of each of the parties hereunder, including the rights and obligations of the parties under Paragraph 2(b), shall continue unchanged during the remaining Term of this Agreement, despite such failure to renew, except as may be specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement. 2 

3. Position and Duties. The Executive shall serve as the Senior Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Arrow; and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Bank and shall have such duties, responsibilities, and authority as normally attend such positions or as may reasonably be assigned to the Executive from time to time by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank. The Executive is employed in a position that involves and requires a high level of trust and confidence and requests a significant time commitment. The Executive agrees to act at all times with the highest level of loyalty and integrity toward Arrow and its Affiliates. The Executive agrees to act and perform his duties in a manner consistent with all federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as all Arrow and Bank policies, procedures, rules, guidelines, and operating procedures adopted from time to time. The Executive shall be responsible to obtain and maintain any licenses or certifications which may be required for the performance of his duties and shall comply with all laws, regulations and rules that apply to Arrow and its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the above, the Executive shall not be required to perform any duties that would result in Arrow's, the Bank's, or the Executive's non compliance with, or any violation of, any applicable law, regulation, regulatory policy or other regulatory requirement. The Executive shall devote substantially all his working time and efforts to the business and affairs of Arrow and the Bank, provided however, that the Executive may, with the approval of the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, serve as a director or officer of any non-competing business or engage in any other activity, including but not limited to, charitable or community activity, to the extent that such does not inhibit the performance of his duties hereunder or otherwise violate this Agreement. 4. Place of Performance. In connection with the Executive's Employment hereunder, the Executive shall be based at the principal executive offices of Arrow or the Bank, except for required travel on business. Arrow or the Bank shall furnish the Executive with office space, administrative assistance, and such other facilities and services as shall be suitable to the Executive's position and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. 5. Compensation. (a) Salary. The base annual salary ("Base Salary") of the Executive shall be $422,300.00, payable by Arrow and/or the Bank in equal bi-weekly installments (i.e., every two weeks) or at such other intervals as shall constitute the regular payroll practice of Arrow and/or the Bank. Such Base Salary shall be effective as of January I st of each calendar year. The Executive's Base Salary may be increased from time to time in accordance with the normal business practices of Arrow and the Bank, as determined by the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, and, if so increased, such Base Salary shall not thereafter during the Term be decreased and the obligation of the Bank or Arrow hereunder to pay the Executive's Base Salary shall thereafter relate to such increased Base Salary. Compensation of the Executive by Base Salary payments shall not prevent the Executive from participating in any other compensation or benefit plan of Arrow or the Bank in which he is entitled to participate and participation in any such other compensation or benefit plan shall not in any way limit or reduce the obligation of each of Arrow and the Bank to pay the Executive's Base Salary hereunder. (b) Other Benefits. In addition to the compensation provided for in subparagraph (a) above, the Executive shall be entitled during the Term (i) to participate in any and all employee 3 

benefit programs or stock purchase programs of Arrow or the Bank now or hereafter in effect and open to participation by qualifying employees of Arrow or the Bank generally including, but not limited to, the retirement plan, supplemental retirement plan (make-up benefit feature), employee stock purchase plan and employee stock ownership plan of Arrow or the Bank, (ii) to participate in employee incentive plans (cash or equity, annual or long-term incentive), under which such plans awards are discretionary, including the Company's short-term incentive plan under which the Executive will be eligible to receive a discretionary cash bonus with the "Target Bonus" being set at forty percent ( 40%) of his Base Salary, less all necessary and required federal, state and local payroll deductions, and (iii) to enjoy certain personal benefits provided by Arrow or the Bank including, but not limited to: (i) life insurance on the life of the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (ii) disability insurance for the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (iii) comprehensive medical and dental insurance under a group plan provided by Arrow, with the Executive to pay only those amounts required to be paid thereunder by covered employees generally under the cost-sharing arrangements in effect from time to time under such plan; (iv) reimbursement in full of all business, travel and entertainment expenses incurred by the Executive in performing his duties hereunder in accordance with Arrow's policies and guidelines regarding the same; and (v) fully paid vacation during each calendar year in accordance with the vacation policies of Arrow in effect from time to time. Neither Arrow nor the Bank shall make any material changes in any of the personal benefits specified in this Agreement adversely affecting the Executive ( excluding discretionary benefits and awards) unless such change occurs pursuant to a program applicable to all executive officers of Arrow or the Bank, as the case may be, and the adverse effect on the Executive is not proportionately greater than the adverse effect of the change on any other executive officer of Arrow or the Bank previously enjoying such benefit. Premiums for the above-described insurance programs will be payable in accordance with the Bank's regular monthly premium payments applicable to such insurance programs. Reimbursement of expenses shall not be paid later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. 6. Termination of Employment following Change of Control. (a) Retired Early Employee. If (i) a Change of Control occurs during the Term of Employment hereunder, and (ii) within twelve (12) months after such Change of Control, either (x) Arrow and the Bank deliver to the Executive an advance written notice of Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 12(gg) hereof or (y) the Executive delivers to Arrow and 4 

the Bank an advance written notice of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 12(ft) hereof then, upon subsequent effectiveness of such Termination of Employment ( either such termination, if effected under this Paragraph 6(a), a "Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee"), the Executive (sometimes referred to herein as a "Retired Early Employee") will, following such a Termination of Employment, be entitled to receive, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, upon the effective date of such Termination of Employment, suchJ)ayments (in addition to any other payments then receivable by him) as are provided hereafter in this Paragraph 6. (b) Cash Payments and Benefits. (i) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, in the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall, commencing on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8 and continuing throughout the Pay-out Period, make equal monthly payments to the Executive (which shall not be deemed Base Salary payments) in an amount such that the present value of all such payments, determined as of the date of such Termination of Employment, equals two (2) times the sum of the Executive's Base Salary and Target Bonus for the year in which advance written notice of termination of employment occurs. Subject to Paragraph 8, if at any time during the Pay-out Period the Arrow Board in its sole discretion shall determine, upon application of the Retired Early Employee supported by substantial evidence, that the Retired Early Employee has experienced an unforeseeable emergency, as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, Arrow or the Bank shall make available to the Retired Early Employee, in one (I) lump sum payment, an amount up to the amount needed to relieve such unforeseeable emergency (including taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of such lump sum payment) but not greater than the present value of all monthly payments remaining to be paid to him in the Pay-out Period, calculated as of the date of such determination by the Arrow Board, for the purpose of relieving such unforeseeable emergency to the extent the same has not been or may not be relieved by (A) reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, (B) liquidation of the Retired Early Employee's assets (to the extent such liquidation would not itself cause severe financial hardship), or (C) distributions from other benefit plans. If (I) the lump sum amount thus made available is less than (II) the present value of all such remaining monthly payments, Arrow or the Bank shall continue to pay to the Retired Early Employee monthly payments for the duration of the Pay-out Period, but from such date forward such monthly payments will be in a reduced amount such that the present value of all such reduced payments, calculated as of the date of such determination, will equal the difference between (II) and (I), above. The Retired Early Employee may elect to waive any or all payments due him under this subparagraph. (ii) In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall provide the Executive during the Pay-out Period with medical, dental and life insurance coverage maintained by Arrow that is generally equivalent to the coverage held by the Executive (including dependent coverage, as applicable) immediately prior to such Termination of Employment, subject to general changes in such group plan offerings by Arrow or the Bank from time to time during the Pay-out Period and further subject to payment by the Executive of any amounts which would be required to be paid by the Executive if the Executive was then employed by Arrow or the Bank under the cost-sharing 5 

arrangements then in effect from time to time, which cost-sharing amounts may be deducted from the cash payments required to be made by Arrow or the Bank under Paragraph 6(b)(i) above. The cost of any such medical and dental coverage which is self-funded by Arrow or the Bank will be included in the taxable income of Executive to the extent it is paid directly or indirectly by Arrow or the Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Arrow's and the Bank obligations under this Paragraph 6(b )(ii) shall terminate to the extent that the Executive becomes eligible for medical, dental and life insurance coverage from a new employer; provided, however, that the Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement. (c) Death of Retired Early Employee. If the Retired Early Employee dies before receiving all monthly cash payments payable to him as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6(b)(i) above, the Bank shall pay to the Executive's spouse, or if the Executive leaves no spouse, to the estate of the Executive, one ( 1) lump sum payment in an amount equal to the present value of all such remaining unpaid monthly payments, determined as of the date of death of the Executive. Such amount shall be paid within thirty (30) days of the Executive's death, provided that the spouse may not designate the calendar year of payment. (d) Indemnification of Executive. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, in the event a Change of Control and a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee occurs, Arrow and the Bank shall indemnify the Executive for all legal fees and expenses subsequently incurred by the Executive in seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided under this Agreement related to such events, provided, however, that such right to indemnification will not apply if and to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the Company did not breach its obligations under the Agreement or that any such fees and expenses have been incurred in whole or part as a result of the Executive's bad faith or assertion of claims that were unfounded or frivolous. Indemnification payments payable hereunder by Arrow and the Bank shall be made not later than thirty (30) days after a request for payment has been received from the Executive with such evidence of indemnifiable fees and expenses as Arrow or the Bank may reasonably request, provided, however, that such indemnification and reimbursement payments shall not be made later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. (e) No Offset. Except as is contemplated by Paragraph 6(b)(ii) above or as permitted by applicable law, amounts payable to the Executive as a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 shall not be subject to any offset or reduction for (i) any amounts owed or claimed to be owed by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates or (ii) any amounts of compensation or income received or generated by the Executive as a result of any other employment or self-employment of the Executive during the Pay-out Period. The Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement, and shall be prohibited from accepting certain other forms of employment and from engaging in certain other types of business during the Pay-out Period (as well as during certain other post-Termination of Employment periods) as and to the extent specified in Paragraph 9 of this Agreement. (f) Allocation. If the Executive should elect to become a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 and as a result of such election should become entitled to receive certain cash 6 

payments during the Pay-out Period as set forth above, Arrow shall determine, as soon as practicable following its receipt from the Executive of written notice of such election, the amount, if any, of such future cash payments that may properly be allocated to the Executive's future performance of his obligations not to compete with, solicit customers or employees from, or disparage Arrow or its Affiliates under Paragraph 9 of this Agreement, with such allocation to be expressed as a single dollar amount equal to the present value determined as of the date of Termination of Employment, of the amounts of the required future payments thus allocated. When thus determined, the dollar amount of this allocation shall be communicated by Arrow to the Executive. (g) Excess Parachute Payment. (i) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, to the extent that any Company provided payment, distribution or benefit in favor of the Executive (within the meaning of Section 2800 of the Code and the regulations thereunder), whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (the "Change of Control Termination Total Payments"), is or will be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), then the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the extent that, and only to the extent that, such reduction in the Change of Control Termination Total Payments would result in the Executive not being subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Executive shall have given prior written notice specifying a different order to the Company to effectuate the foregoing, the Company shall reduce or eliminate the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, by first reducing or eliminating the portion of the Change of Control Termination Total Payments which are payable in cash and then by reducing or eliminating non-cash payments, in each case in reverse order beginning with payments or benefits which are to be paid the farthest in time from the date of the Change of Control. Any notice given by the Executive pursuant to the preceding sentence shall take precedence over the provisions of any other plan, arrangement or agreement governing the Executive's rights and entitlements to any benefits or compensation. (ii) The determination of whether the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced as provided in Paragraph 6(g)(i) above and the amount of such reduction (the "Section 4999 Determination") shall be made at the Company's expense by an accounting firm selected by the Executive from among the six largest accounting firms in the United States (or a regional accounting firm approved by the Company) or at the Executive's expense by an attorney selected by the Executive. Such accounting firm or attorney shall provide its Section 4999 Determination, together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation to the Company and the Executive not later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee. If such firm or attorney determines that no Excise Tax is payable by the Executive with respect to the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, it shall furnish the Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to the Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to any such payments and, absent manifest error, such determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. If such firm or attorney determines that an Excise Tax would be payable, the Company shall have the absolute right to accept such determination as to the extent of the reduction, if any, pursuant to Paragraph 6(g)(i) above, or if 7 

the Company so chooses, at its sole discretion, to have such determination reviewed by another accounting firm selected by the Company, at the Company's expense. If the Company's accounting firm is different from an accounting firm that makes such determination, and does not agree with such latter accounting firm, a third accounting firm shall be jointly chosen by the two firms, in which case the determination of such third accounting firm shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. 7. Early Termination of Employment. In addition to any Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, a Termination of Employment of Executive may occur prior to the normal expiration of the Tenn under the circumstances and with the consequences set forth below. (a) Termination of Employment for Cause. At any time during the Tenn of Employment under this Agreement, and subject to the provisions of this Paragraph 7(a), either Arrow or the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause by Arrow and/or either of the Bank shall require the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or either of the Bank Board ( excluding Executive if he is a Board Member). Once such a determination has been made, the Chair of the Arrow Board and/or the Bank Board shall give notice to the Executive in writing setting forth the "for Cause" reasons Arrow and/or a Bank effected such Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause, the Executive will not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow and/or either of the Bank. (b) Termination of Employment Without Cause. At any time during the Tenn of Employment under this Agreement, either Arrow and/or either of the Bank may effect, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(b), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph 12(gg) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6(a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7(b ). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7(b ), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one (1) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the greater of (i) the total amount of Base Salary payments which would have been payable to the Executive during the period extending from such effective date until the normal expiration date of Employment under this Agreement as in effect at such time, had there been no early Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause (and assuming the Executive otherwise would have remained employed throughout such period and that his Base Salary would have remained unchanged throughout such period), or (ii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of 8 

the current Base Salary of the Executive on the effective date of such Termination of Employment. (c) Termination of Employment for Good Reason. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, the Executive may effect at his own discretion, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(c), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph 12(ff) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6(a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one (1) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the dollar amount of the lump sum payment the Executive would have been entitled to receive had a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 7(b) above occurred on such date, and under identical circumstances except for the identity of the party effecting such Termination of Employment and the existence of Good Reason. (d) Termination of Employment for Disability. If, as a result of the Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness, the Executive shall not have performed his duties hereunder on a full-time basis for six (6) consecutive months, Arrow and /or either of the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability upon thirty (30) days' written notice. Such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Arrow Board and/or the Bank Board (excluding the Executive if they are a Board Member). The compensation of the Executive during any period of disability prior to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall be the amounts normally payable to him in accordance with this Agreement, reduced by the sum of the amounts, if any, paid to the Executive for such period under disability benefit plans maintained by Arrow or the Bank. The Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation from Arrow or the Bank for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank. (e) Termination of Employment upon Death. Upon the death of Executive during the Term of Employment hereunder (and simultaneous Termination of Employment of Executive upon Death), the Executive's estate or beneficiaries, as applicable, shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the date of death, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank, including death benefits. (f) Other Early Terminations of Employment. The Employment of Executive may be terminated before the normal expiration of the Term hereof under certain other circumstances, not otherwise addressed in Paragraphs 6 or 7 hereof, as follows: 9 

(i) Retirement. Executive may terminate his Employment hereunder upon retirement at or after attaining retirement or early retirement age under any retirement plan of Arrow and its Affiliates then in effect with respect to which Executive is a covered person ("Retirement"). Upon any such Termination of Employment of Executive due to Retirement, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment for Retirement, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable post-retirement benefits and payments provided to or for the Executive under retirement, severance and similar plans of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates then in effect as to which the Executive participates. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a retirement except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such retirement of Executive shall be the thirtieth (30th) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (ii) Termination by Executive without Good Reason. If the Executive determines, at his own discretion, to terminate his Employment prior to the expiration of the Term of Employment hereunder, without Good Reason and in the absence of the Retirement or Disability of the Executive (any such, a "Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason"), including any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plans or policies covering Executive or under any other applicable agreements with Executive. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason shall be the thirtieth (30th ) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (iii) Termination as a Result of Liquidation, Dissolution, Order, Etc. If the Employment of Executive by Arrow or the Bank is terminated prior to the expiration date of this Agreement as a result of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Arrow or the Bank or the involuntary closing of the Bank by bank regulators prior to such date, or by virtue of any order or decree of any court or administrative or regulatory agency or body with jurisdiction over Arrow or the Bank ordering or requiring the Termination of Employment of Executive by either or both such entities prior to such expiration date, Executive shall have no right to receive from Arrow or the Bank, and neither Arrow nor the Bank shall have any obligation to pay or provide to Executive, any compensation or benefits, other than such Base Salary payments and normal benefits as may be required to be paid or provided to the Executive through the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive; provided, however, that nothing herein shall reduce or affect any obligations that Arrow or the Bank may have to Executive under any other agreement with Executive or under any qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plan or policy covering Executive or under any plan of liquidation or dissolution adopted by Arrow or the Bank in connection with any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

8. Delayed Payment of Benefits; Conditions to Payment of Benefits. (a) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if the Executive is a "specified employee," as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, on the date of his Termination of Employment, amounts that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A that would otherwise have been paid during the six month period immediately following the date of such Termination of Employment shall be paid on the first regular payroll date immediately following the six-month anniversary of such Termination of Employment, with interest to be paid on each such amount, the payment of which is then delayed, at the rate of yield on U.S. Treasury Bills with the earliest maturity date that occurs at least six months after such date of such Termination of Employment (as reported in the Wall Street Journal) from such date of Termination of Employment to the date of actual payment. Reimbursements or payments directly to the service provider for health care expenses incurred during such six-month period, plus reimbursements and in-kind benefits in an amount up to the applicable dollar limit on elective deferrals to a 401(k) plan under Section 402(g)(l){B) of the Code, and other amounts that do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall not be subject to such six-month delay requirement. (b) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, neither Arrow nor the Bank will have any obligation to make or commence any payment, or provide any benefit, provided for in Paragraphs 6(b), 7(b) or 7(c) unless and until Executive (1) first signs and delivers to Arrow and/or the Bank within 45 days of the date of Termination of Employment a separation and release agreement prepared by Arrow in a form acceptable to Arrow and which such agreement shall include a full release of Arrow, its Affiliates, employee benefit plans/trusts, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, administrators, trustees, fiduciaries, insurers, successors and assigns and such other provisions as are typically required by an employer therein, and (2) all conditions to the effectiveness of such separation and release agreement shall have been satisfied. Upon satisfaction of these conditions, the payments and benefits provided for in Paragraphs 6(b), 7(b) or 7(c) will be paid, or commence to be paid, on the later of (i) the first applicable regular payroll date of Arrow immediately following the 60th day anniversary of the date of Termination of Employment, without interest to be paid on such amount, or (ii) the date provided for in Paragraph 8(a), if applicable. Arrow agrees to provide to Executive within ten days of the Termination of Employment of Executive, the form of separation and release agreement required by it. 9. Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation; Non-Disparagement. Arrow and its Affiliates are engaged in the businesses of banking, lending, trust operations and providing financial, property, casualty and health insurance and investment adviser services and products ( collectively, the "Business"). As a senior executive, Executive provides services that are unique, special and/or extraordinary to the Business in which Arrow and its Affiliates engage, and have access to and will learn of trade secrets of Arrow and its Affiliates and confidential information pertaining to their customers. The provisions of Paragraphs 9 and 10 are agreed by the parties to be reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill of Arrow's and its Affiliates' Business, the good will of special/long-term customer relationships, Arrow's and its Affiliates' confidential information and trade secrets (including but not limited to information concerning their customers, marketing studies, marketing strategies, acquisition plans, costs, personnel and financial performance) and confidential customer information and to protect against unfair 11 

competition by an employee whose services are special, unique and/or extraordinary to the Business of Arrow and its Affiliates and their long-term success. Accordingly, the Executive agrees as follows: (a) Non-Compete. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason ( excluding death), including any Termination of Employment following a Change in Control under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly: (1) engage in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial, property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services or products anywhere in the Designated Area or (2) manage, operate, or control, or accept or hold a position as a director, officer, employee, agent or partner of or adviser or consultant to, or otherwise perform substantial services for or provide advice to, any bank or insured financial institution or other corporation or entity engaged in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial , property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services and products ( directly or through an affiliate), excluding Arrow and its Affiliates ( any such other bank, institution, corporation or entity, a "Financial Institution"), if, as of the effective date of such Termination of Employment, such Financial Institution has any office or branch located within the Designated Area or has immediate plans to establish any office or branch within the Designated Area. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "Designated Area" as of any particular time will consist of all counties in the State of New York and any other state in which Arrow or any of its Affiliates maintains an office or branch through which it engages in Business or has acted to establish an office or a branch through which it will engage in Business. The provisions of this paragraph shall not prohibit Executive during such two-year period from working for a company whose principal business is providing property, casualty or health insurance, private equity investments, or serving as a securities broker if Executive is engaged solely in that business and not in the business of providing banking, lending or trust services. The term financial services means financial products associated with the business of banking, including in particular but not limited to credit cards, debit cards, checking and savings accounts, and money market funds. (b) Non-Solicitation. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason (excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, (i) acting on behalf of any Financial Institution, regardless of where such Financial Institution is located or doing business, solicit any banking, lending or trust business or the business of providing financial, insurance or investment adviser services or products business for such Financial Institution from, or otherwise seek to obtain as a customer or client of such Financial Institution, any person or entity that, to the knowledge of the Executive, was a customer or client of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, and whom Executive, or anyone supervised directly or indirectly by Executive, worked with, at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment; or (ii) acting on behalf of any other corporation or entity, including any Financial Institution, regardless of where such other corporation or entity is located or doing business, employ, recruit or solicit as an employee of such corporation or entity or retain or seek to retain as an agent or consultant of such corporation or entity, any individual employed by or 12 

retained as an agent or consultant of Arrow or any of its Affiliates in furtherance of their Business at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment if such individual possesses knowledge of any trade secrets or confidential customer information of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, or provided services that were unique and/or extraordinary to Arrow or its Affiliates in their Business and Executive worked with or directly or indirectly managed such individual at any time during the last year of Executive's Employment. (c) Non-Disparagement. For a period often (10) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason (excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, make any statements, declarations, announcements, assertions, remarks, comments or suggestions, orally or in writing, that individually or collectively are, or may be construed as being, defamatory, derogatory, negative, or disparaging to Arrow or its Affiliates (including any successor to Arrow or its Affiliates by merger or acquisition or any of such successor's affiliates), or to any director, officer, controlling shareholder, member, employee or agent of any of the foregoing. Nothing in Paragraph 9(c) is intended to prohibit any truthful testimony to a court or governmental entity. It is the intention of the parties to restrict the activities of the Executive under this Paragraph 9 only to the extent necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests of Arrow and/or its Affiliates, and the parties specifically covenant and agree that should any of the clauses or provisions of the restrictions set forth herein, under any set of circumstances, be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective, then and in that event, the court so holding may reduce the extent or duration of such restrictions or effect any other change to such restrictions to the extent necessary to render such restrictions enforceable by said court to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. The enforceability of the provisions of this Paragraph 9 shall not be affected by the existence or non-existence of any agreement with similar terms between Arrow and another employee, or by the failure of Arrow or its Affiliates to enforce, or their agreement to waive or change, the terms of any such agreement with another employee containing similar terms. This Paragraph 9 shall survive termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms. 10. Confidential Information. The Executive specifically acknowledges that all information pertaining to Arrow or its Affiliates received by him during the course of his employment which has been designated confidential, constitutes a trade secret or otherwise has not been made publicly available, including, without limitation, plans, strategies, projections, analyses, and information pertaining to customers or potential customers, is the exclusive property of Arrow and its Affiliates and the Executive covenants and agrees not to disclose any of such information, without the express prior written consent of the Arrow Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow, during his employment hereunder or after Termination of Employment, to anyone not employed or engaged by Arrow or an Affiliate thereof to render services to it. Confidential Information does not include information which is generally known to the public through no wrongful act or omission of any party. The Executive further covenants and agrees that he will not at any time use any such information, without such express prior written consent, for his own benefit or the benefit of any party other than Arrow or its Affiliates. The Executive will provide Arrow or the Bank with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for Arrow or the Bank to access the matters on which the Executive 13 

worked or to otherwise continue their business. At the end of the Executive's employment, or whenever requested, the Executive agrees to promptly return all Confidential Information, in whatever form, in his possession or control. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or applied to prohibit the Executive from making any good faith report to any governmental agency or entity concerning any act or omission that Executive reasonably believes constitutes a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected unde the anti retaliation or whistleblower provisions of any applicable federal or state law or regulation. In addition, nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Executive's ability to communicate with any governmental agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any governmental agency, including the Executive's ability to provide documents or other information, without notice to Arrow or the Bank. 11. Ownership of Inventions and Ideas. Executive acknowledges that the Company is the sole owner of all the results and proceeds of his service at the Company, including but not limited to, all patents, patent applications, patent rights, formulas, copyrights, inventions, developments, discoveries, other improvements, data, documentation, drawings, charts, and other written, audio and/or visual materials relating to equipment, methods, products, processes or programs in connection with or useful to the business of Arrow or any of its Affiliates ( collectively, the "Developments") which Executive, by himself or in conjunction with any other person, may conceive, make, acquire, acquire knowledge of, develop or create during Executive's employment with the Company, free and clear of any claims by Executive (or any successor or assignee of Executive) of any kind or character whatsoever. Executive acknowledges that all copyrightable Developments shall be considered works made for hire under the Federal Copyright Act. Executive hereby assigns and transfers his right, title and interest in and to all such Developments and agrees that he shall, at the request of the Company, execute or cooperate with the Company in any patent applications, execute such assignments, certificates or other instruments, and do any and all other acts, as the Company may from time to time reasonably deem necessary or desirable to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, protect, enforce or defend the Company's right, title and interest in or to any such Developments. 12. Definitions. The following capitalized terms when used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings. (a) "Affiliate" means any corporation or other business entity that from time to time is, along with Arrow, a member of a controlled group of businesses, as defined in Sections 414(b) and 414( c) of the Code, provided that the language "at least 50 percent" shall be used instead of"at least 80 percent" each place it appears in such test. A corporation or other business entity is an Affiliate only while a member of such group. hereot: (b) "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph (c) "Anniversary Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. ( d) "Arrow" shall mean Arrow Financial Corporation. ( e) "Arrow Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Arrow. 14 

(t) "Bank" shall mean, collectively, Arrow Bank National Association. (g) "Bank Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Bank. (h) "Base Salary" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 5(a) hereot: (i) "Change of Control" means: (i) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Arrow; (ii) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock of Arrow acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group, constitutes 30% or more of the total voting power of the stock of Arrow; (iii) A majority of the members of the Arrow Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Arrow Board before the date of the appointment or election; or (iv) One person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group) assets from Arrow that have a total gross fair market value ( determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets) equal to or more than 40% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of Arrow immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. Persons will not be considered to be acting as a group solely because they purchase or own stock of the same corporation at the same time, or as a result of the same public offering. However, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with Arrow. This definition of Change of Control shall be interpreted in accordance with, and in a manner that will bring the definition into compliance with, the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. (j) "Change of Control Termination Total Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (k) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (1) "Designated Area" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof. 15 

(m) "Developments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 11 hereof. (n) "Effective Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. ( o) "Employment" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 1 hereof. (p) "Excise Tax" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (q) "Executive" shall mean Penko K. Ivanov. (r) "Financial Institution" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof. (s) "Non-Acceptance" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (t) "Non-Offer" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (u) "Non-Renewal" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (v) "Pay-out Period" shall mean the period commencing on the date of Termination of Employment and ending two years thereafter. (w) "Replacement Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (x) "Retired Early Employee" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6 hereof. (y) "Retirement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 7(t)(i) hereof. (z) "Section 4999 Determination" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(ii) hereof. (aa) "Target Bonus" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph S(b) hereof: (bb) "Term" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(a) hereof. (cc) "Termination of Employment" or "Termination of Employment of Executive" means the separation from service of the Executive, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code, with and from Arrow and its Affiliates. Generally, for purposes of Section 409A, a separation from service means a decrease in the performance of services to no more than 20% of the average for the preceding 36-month period, disregarding leaves of absence of up to six months where there is a reasonable expectation the Executive will return. ( dd) "Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee" means a Termination of Employment of Executive pursuant to Paragraph 6(a) hereof, that is, either a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause or a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, in either case, following a Change in Control and otherwise meeting the requirements of Paragraph 6(a) hereof. 16 

(ee) "Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause" shall mean a termination of the Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank pursuant to Paragraph 7(a) for any one or more of the following "Causes:" (i) any willful misconduct by the Executive which is materially injurious to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates, monetarily or otherwise; (ii) any willful failure by the Executive to follow the reasonable directions of the Arrow Board or the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank; (iii) any failure by the Executive substantially to perform any reasonable and lawful directions of the Arrow Board or either of the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank ( other than failure resulting from disability or death), within thirty (30) days after delivery to the Executive by the respective Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank of a written demand for substantial performance, which written demand shall specifically identify the manner in which such board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank believes that the Executive has not substantially performed; (iv) any inability of the Executive to serve as an officer or director of Arrow or any Affiliate, or perform any substantial portion of Executive's duties hereunder, by reason of any order of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency, or any other regulatory authority or agency having jurisdiction over Arrow or any of its Affiliates; (v) intentionally providing false or misleading information to, or otherwise misleading, the Arrow Board, the Bank Board or any committee thereof; (vi) habitual insobriety, abuse of prescribed drugs, or illegal use of controlled substances that materially impairs the Executive's ability to perform his duties hereunder and/or negatively reflects upon Arrow and/or the Bank or their reputation; or (vii) any breach of this Agreement that has a material and/or adverse economic effect on Arrow or the Bank taken as a whole, if not cured within 30 days from Executive's receipt from Arrow or the Bank of written notice thereof, specifying in reasonable detail the alleged breach; (viii) engaging in or directing others to engage in an act or omission, or series of actions, deemed to be fraudulent, dishonest or unlawful; (ix) any knowing and material violation of the Executive of corporate policies and procedures that result in the damage to the business or reputation of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates, including without limitation, Arrow's and the Bank' codes of conduct, code of ethics, conflict of interest policies, or policies prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation; (x) any knowing breach of the fiduciary duty or duty ofloyalty of the Executive; or 17 

(xi) any demonstrated incompetence of the Executive. (ff) "Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason" means any Termination of Employment of Executive, effected by the Executive, in his sole discretion, following Executive's discovery of a Good Reason for such Termination of Employment (as defined below), and meeting all of the requirements for such Termination of Employment set forth below. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(c) of this Agreement unless it meets all of the conditions for a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank, which written notice must be delivered, if such Termination of Employment is to become effective, not later than ninety (90) days after the discovery by the Executive of the Good Reason underlying such Termination of Employment (and, if the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, not later than one ( 1) year after the date of the Change in Control the occurrence of which is a pre-condition to the right of Executive to effect such a Termination of Employment under Paragraph 6(a)). The written notice of termination delivered by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank shall (i) state that the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(c), as appropriate, (ii) identify with reasonable particularity the Good Reason or Good Reasons underlying the Termination of Employment, and (iii) specify the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the delivery of such notice to Arrow or the Bank, as determined by the Executive. If, prior to the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive specified in the written notice, Arrow or the Bank is able to remedy in full , and remedies in full, the circumstances underlying or constituting the Good Reason or Good Reasons identified by the Executive in the written notice, then such Good Reason or Good Reasons shall be deemed cured and the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed null and void, effective upon execution of written affidavit of cure signed by Arrow and the Bank and consented to by the Executive, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, "Good Reason" shall mean (i) the occurrence of a Non-Offer of a Replacement Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) hereof; (ii) a material diminution in the Executive's title, authority, duties, or responsibilities without the Executive's prior consent; (iii) Executive is required to relocate more than I 00 miles from the base location at which Executive currently performs his employment duties without the Executive's prior consent; or (iv) the occurrence of a material breach by the Company of any provision of this Agreement. (gg) "Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause" means any Termination of Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank prior to normal expiration of the Tenn of Employment hereunder, for any reason or no reason, that does not qualify as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause or otherwise meet the definition of any other Termination of Employment of Executive hereunder. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement unless it meets all the conditions for a Termination of Employment of 18 

Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by Arrow or either of the Bank to Executive, stating that such Tennination of Employment is a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement, as appropriate, and specifying the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than ninety (90) days after the date of delivery of such notice to Executive, as determined by Arrow or either of the Bank. Arrow and/or either of the Bank may relieve the Executive of all duties and place the Executive on a paid administrative leave during the notice period. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause (including the delivery of the required written notice of termination) shall require the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or Bank Board (excluding the Executive ifhe is a Board Member). 13. Return of Property. Executive agrees to return to the Company, on or prior to his Termination of Employment, all property and any information (including any copies thereof, electronic or otherwise) that Executive has received, prepared or helped to prepare during the course of Executive's employment with the Company or is otherwise in his possession except that Executive may retin copies of materials relating to his compensation or benefits. In addition Executive will provide the Company with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for the Company to access materials on which Executive worked or to otherwise continue in their respective businesses. 14. Legal Proceedings. Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company and its legal counsel, and to furnish any and all complete and truthful information, testimony or affidavits, in connection with any matter that arose during his employment with the Company or in connection with any litigation, governmental proceeding or investigation, arbitration or claim, that in any way relates to the business or operations of the Company, or of which Executive may have any knowledge or involvement. Executive will make his best efforts to consult with and provide information to the Company and its legal counsel concerning all such matters, and appear as and when requested to provide any such information, assistance or testimony on reasonable notice. The Company will use reasonable efforts to have such cooperation performed at reasonable times and places and in a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with any other employment or other business activity in which Executive may then be engaged. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Executive to provide any testimony, sworn statement or declaration that is not complete and truthful. If the Company requires Executive to travel outside the metropolitan area in the United States where he then resides to provide any testimony or otherwise provide any such assistance, then the Company agrees to reimburse Executive for any reasonable, customary and necessary travel and lodging expenses incurred by him in connection therewith provided Executive submits all documentation required under Employer's reimbursement policies and as otherwise may be required to satisfy any requirements under applicable tax laws for the Company to deduct those expenses. To the extent that Executive is required to spend significant time assisting the Company as contemplated under this Section 14, Employer shall compensate the Executive at a reasonable hourly rate to be agreed upon by the parties, each party acting reasonably. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Executive from giving truthful testimony or information to law enforcement entities, administrative agencies or courts or in any other legal proceedings as required by law, including, but not limited to, 19 

assisting in an investigation or proceeding brought by any governmental or regulatory body or official related to alleged violations of any law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 15. Successors and Assigns; Assumption by Successors. This Agreement is a personal services contract which may not be assigned by Arrow or the Bank to, or assumed from Arrow or the Bank by, any other party without the prior consent of the Executive. All rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their personal or legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns. Arrow will require any successor ( whether direct or indirect, by purchase, assignment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Arrow in any consensual transaction expressly to assume this Agreement and to agree to perform hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent that Arrow would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. References herein to "Arrow" or the "Bank" will be understood to refer to the successor or successors of Arrow or the Bank, respectively. 16. Notices. Any notice required or desired to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the addresses of the other parties set forth in the first Paragraph of this Agreement, provided that all notices to Arrow or the Bank shall be directed in each case to the Chief Executive Officer thereof. 17. Waiver of Breach. Waiver by any party of a breach of any provision shall not operate as or be construed a waiver by such party of any subsequent breach hereof. 18. Invalidity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect. 19. Entire Agreement; Written Modification; Termination. This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the parties concerning the employment of the Executive by Arrow and the Bank. No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless in writing specifically referring hereto and signed by the party against whom such provision as modified or amended or such waiver is sought to be enforced. This Agreement shall terminate as of the time Arrow or the Bank makes the final payment which it may be obligated to pay hereunder or provides the final benefit which it may be obligated to provide hereunder, or, iflater, as of the time the last remaining restriction set forth in Paragraph 9 expires. Paragraphs 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 through 25 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 20. Performance by Arrow or the Bank. Performance under this Agreement by Arrow and the Bank, including the payment of any amounts provided for hereunder, are subject to applicable law and regulation including payments prohibited under 12 CFR 359 and any other payment restrictions on executive compensation under applicable banking law and regulation. Any obligation of Arrow or the Bank to make a payment under any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed an obligation of both parties to make such payment, and the making of such payment by either such party shall be deemed performance of the obligation to pay by both such parties. 20 

21. Company Policies or Guidelines; Clawback. (a) In consideration of the Executive's employment with Arrow and the Bank, Executive agrees that his compensation and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise by Arrow or the Bank are subject to (i) applicable laws and regulations as are in effect from time to time, and (ii) current or subsequently adopted policies or guidelines issued by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board, in each case, impacting such compensation or benefits pursuant to the terms of such applicable laws, regulations, policies or guidelines ( e.g., clawback or incentive compensation recoupment policies and/or stock ownership guidelines). (b) Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with Arrow or either which is subject to recovery under any clawback or other policy adopted by Arrow or Arrow Bank National Association from time to time or any other law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such policy, law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement. Arrow and/or Arrow Bank National Association will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable policy, law, regulation or requirement. 22. Counterparts. This Agreement may be made and executed in counterparts, in which case all counterparts shall be deemed to constitute one original document for all purposes. 23. Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by and is to be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of law principles. 24. Section 409A Compliance. The parties intend that all provisions of this Agreement comply with the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable. No provision of this Agreement shall be operative to the extent that it will result in the imposition of the additional tax described in Code Section 409A(a)(l)(B)(i)(II). If any provision hereof is reasonably deemed to contradict Section 409A, the parties agree to revise, to the extent practicable, the Agreement as necessary to comply with Section 409A and fulfill the purpose of the voided provision. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to permit accelerated payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, as defined in Section 409A, or any other payment in violation of the requirements of Section 409A. With respect to reimbursements that constitute taxable income to Executive, no such reimbursements or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any calendar year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year and Executive's right to reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation in exchange for any other benefit. 25. Authorization. Arrow and the Bank represent and warrant that the execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by resolution of their respective boards or committees thereof, as applicable. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed or caused to be executed this Agreement effective as of the date hereof. February ~ , 2025 ARROW ~rORPO~IQ~ ];7) By: U ~7:J41/40
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>kaiser2025.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
kaiser2025

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT is effective as of February 1, 2025 ("Agreement") among ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a New York corporation with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 ("Arrow"), its wholly-owned subsidiary, ARROW BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 and DAVID D. KAISER, 29 Amethyst Drive, Queensbury, New York 12804 (the "Executive"). Arrow Bank National Association is referred to herein as the "Bank" and the Bank and Arrow are collectively referred to herein as the "Company." The effective date of this Agreement shall be February 1, 2025 (the "Effective Date"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Paragraph 12 of this Agreement. Recitals WHEREAS, Arrow and the Bank consider the maintenance of a competent and experienced executive management team to be essential to the long-term success of Arrow and the Bank; and WHEREAS, the Executive wishes to continue to serve Arrow and the Bank as part of such executive management team; and WHEREAS, in this regard, Arrow and the Bank, on the one hand, and the Executive, on the other, have determined that it is in the best interests of all of the parties that the Executive serve as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of the Bank, pursuant to a written employment agreement and in order to secure Executive's services and skills, which are considered extraordinary, special and unique for its business and the long-term success thereof; and WHEREAS, the parties have agreed that this Agreement will supersede and replace any and all agreements, written or oral, previously in place regarding the employment of the Executive by either Arrow or the Bank, except for compensatory or employee benefit plans applicable to employees of Arrow and/or the Bank generally or to certain groups or sub-groups of employees of which the Executive is a member, and awards or award agreements issued to the Executive under such plans; and NOW, THEREFORE, in furtherance of the interests described above and in consideration of the respective covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Arrow and the Bank will employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to be employed by Arrow and the Bank, for the Term of this Agreement, as defined in Paragraph 2 (such employment, the "Employment"). Arrow and the Bank agree to employ the Executive to serve as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of the Bank, with such duties as are described in Paragraph 3 and subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any termination of employment of Executive as the Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of Arrow 

and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of the Bank shall effect a termination of employment of Executive at all positions at Arrow, the Bank and their Affiliates. 2. Term. (a) Term. The term of Employment of the Executive under this Agreement (the HTerm") shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless the Executive becomes a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement or such Employment is earlier terminated as provided in Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall expire on the day before the second anniversary of the Effective Date. (b) Renewal. Notwithstanding Paragraph 2(a), on each anniversary of the Effective Date, the Agreement shall be deemed to have been automatically extended for successive periods of one year each, upon the same terms and conditions, unless Arrow, the Bank, or the Board of Directors, or the Executive shall have provided written notice of their intention not to extend the term of the Agreement to the other parties at least 30 days prior to the applicable Renewal Date. If the Term is automatically extended in accordance with this Paragraph 2(b), then, during the remainder of the extended Term: (i) The Executive's Base Salary shall not be less than the Executive's Base Salary as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; (ii) subject to Paragraph 5(b) hereof, the Executive will be entitled to other benefits (not including discretionary benefits and awards) having an aggregate value to the Executive at least equal to the aggregate value of the other benefits provided to the Executive as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; and (iii) the other terms and conditions relating to the Executive's position and duties, place of performance, rights upon a Change of Control of Arrow and rights in connection with any early Termination of Employment of the Executive shall be in each such instance at least as favorable to the Executive as the terms and conditions relating to such matters under this Agreement, and generally shall be as favorable to the Executive as is this Agreement, as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date. ( c) Failure to Renew. If any party provides written notice to the other parties, at least 30 days prior to a Renewal Date, of their intention not to extend the Term of the Agreement, then: (i) the Term shall not be extended, but (ii) this Agreement and the Executive's employment hereunder shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of the unextended Term of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, and the rights and obligations of each of the parties hereunder, including the rights and obligations of the parties under Paragraph 2(b ), shall continue unchanged during the remaining Term of this Agreement, despite such failure to renew, except as may be specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement. 3. Position and Duties. The Executive shall serve as the Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer of the 2 

Bank and shall have such duties, responsibilities, and authority as normally attend such positions or as may reasonably be assigned to the Executive from time to time by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank. The Executive is employed in a position that involves and requires a high level of trust and confidence and requests a significant time commitment. The Executive agrees to act at all times with the highest level of loyalty and integrity toward Arrow and its Affiliates. The Executive agrees to act and perform his duties in a manner consistent with all federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as all Arrow and Bank policies, procedures, rules, guidelines, and operating procedures adopted from time to time. The Executive shall be responsible to obtain and maintain any licenses or certifications which may be required for the performance of his duties and shall comply with all laws, regulations and rules that apply to Arrow and its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the above, the Executive shall not be required to perform any duties that would result in Arrow's, the Bank's, or the Executive's non-compliance with, or any violation of, any applicable law, regulation, regulatory policy or other regulatory requirement. The Executive shall devote substantially all his working time and efforts to the business and affairs of Arrow and the Bank, provided however, that the Executive may, with the approval of the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, serve as a director or officer of any non-competing business or engage in any other activity, including but not limited to, charitable or community activity, to the extent that such does not inhibit the performance of his duties hereunder or otherwise violate this Agreement. 4. Place of Performance. In connection with the Executive's Employment hereunder, the Executive shall be based at the principal executive offices of Arrow or the Bank, except for required travel on business. Arrow or the Bank shall furnish the Executive with office space, administrative assistance, and such other facilities and services as shall be suitable to the Executive's position and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. 5. Compensation. (a) ~- The base annual salary ("Base Salary") of the Executive shall be $375,950.00, payable by Arrow and/or the Bank in equal bi-weekly installments (i.e., every two weeks) or at such other intervals as shall constitute the regular payroll practice of Arrow and/or the Bank. Such Base Salary shall be effective as of January I st of each calendar year. The Executive's Base Salary may be increased from time to time in accordance with the normal business practices of Arrow and the Bank, as determined by the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, and, if so increased, such Base Salary shall not thereafter during the Term be decreased and the obligation of the Bank or Arrow hereunder to pay the Executive's Base Salary shall thereafter relate to such increased Base Salary. Compensation of the Executive by Base Salary payments shall not prevent the Executive from participating in any other compensation or benefit plan of Arrow or the Bank in which he is entitled to participate and participation in any such other compensation or benefit plan shall not in any way limit or reduce the obligation of each of Arrow and the Bank to pay the Executive's Base Salary hereunder. (b) Other Benefits. In addition to the compensation provided for in subparagraph (a) above, the Executive shall be entitled during the Term (i) to participate in any and all employee benefit programs or stock purchase programs of Arrow or the Bank now or hereafter in effect and open to participation by qualifying employees of Arrow or the Bank generally including, but not limited to, the retirement plan, supplemental retirement plan (make-up benefit feature), 3 

employee stock purchase plan and employee stock ownership plan of Arrow or the Bank, (ii) to participate in employee incentive plans (cash or equity, annual or long-term incentive), under which such plans awards are discretionary, including the Company's short-term incentive plan under which the Executive will be eligible to receive a discretionary cash bonus with the "Target Bonus" being set at forty percent (40%) of his Base Salary, less all necessary and required federal, state and local payroll deductions, and (iii) to enjoy certain personal benefits provided by Arrow or the Bank including, but not limited to: (i) life insurance on the life of the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (ii) disability insurance for the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (iii) comprehensive medical and dental insurance under a group plan provided by Arrow, with the Executive to pay only those amounts required to be paid thereunder by covered employees generally under the cost-sharing arrangements in effect from time to time under such plan; (iv) reimbursement in full of all business, travel and entertainment expenses incurred by the Executive in performing his duties hereunder in accordance with Arrow's policies and guidelines regarding the same; and (v) fully paid vacation during each calendar year in accordance with the vacation policies of Arrow in effect from time to time. Neither Arrow nor the Bank shall make any material changes in any of the personal benefits specified in this Agreement adversely affecting the Executive ( excluding discretionary benefits and awards) unless such change occurs pursuant to a program applicable to all executive officers of Arrow or the Bank, as the case may be, and the adverse effect on the Executive is not proportionately greater than the adverse effect of the change on any other executive officer of Arrow or the Bank previously enjoying such benefit. Premiums for the above-described insurance programs will be payable in accordance with the Bank's regular monthly premium payments applicable to such insurance programs. Reimbursement of expenses shall not be paid later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. 6. Termination of Employment following Change of Control. (a) Retired Early Employee. If (i) a Change of Control occurs during the Term of Employment hereunder, and (ii) within twelve (12) months after such Change of Control, either (x) Arrow and the Bank deliver to the Executive an advance written notice of Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 12(gg) hereof or (y) the Executive delivers to Arrow and the Bank an advance written notice of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 12(ft) hereof then, upon subsequent effectiveness of such Termination of Employment ( either such 4 

termination, if effected under this Paragraph 6(a), a HTermination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee"), the Executive (sometimes referred to herein as a "Retired Early Employee") will, following such a Termination of Employment, be entitled to receive, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, upon the effective date of such Termination of Employment, suchJ)ayments (in addition to any other payments then receivable by him) as are provided hereafter in this Paragraph 6. (b) Cash Payments and Benefits. (i) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, in the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall, commencing on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8 and continuing throughout the Pay-out Period, make equal monthly payments to the Executive (which shall not be deemed Base Salary payments) in an amount such that the present value of all such payments, determined as of the date of such Termination of Employment, equals two (2) times the sum of the Executive's Base Salary and Target Bonus for the year in which advance written notice of termination of employment occurs. Subject to Paragraph 8, if at any time during the Pay-out Period the Arrow Board in its sole discretion shall determine, upon application of the Retired Early Employee supported by substantial evidence, that the Retired Early Employee has experienced an unforeseeable emergency, as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, Arrow or the Bank shall make available to the Retired Early Employee, in one (1) lump sum payment, an amount up to the amount needed to relieve such unforeseeable emergency (including taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of such lump sum payment) but not greater than the present value of all monthly payments remaining to be paid to him in the Pay-out Period, calculated as of the date of such determination by the Arrow Board, for the purpose of relieving such unforeseeable emergency to the extent the same has not been or may not be relieved by (A) reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, (B) liquidation of the Retired Early Employee's assets (to the extent such liquidation would not itself cause severe financial hardship), or (C) distributions from other benefit plans. If (I) the lump sum amount thus made available is less than (II) the present value of all such remaining monthly payments, Arrow or the Bank shall continue to pay to the Retired Early Employee monthly payments for the duration of the Pay-out Period, but from such date forward such monthly payments will be in a reduced amount such that the present value of all such reduced payments, calculated as of the date of such determination, will equal the difference between (II) and (I), above. The Retired Early Employee may elect to waive any or all payments due him under this subparagraph. (ii) In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall provide the Executive during the Pay-out Period with medical, dental and life insurance coverage maintained by Arrow that is generally equivalent to the coverage held by the Executive (including dependent coverage, as applicable) immediately prior to such Termination of Employment, subject to general changes in such group plan offerings by Arrow or the Bank from time to time during the Pay-out Period and further subject to payment by the Executive of any amounts which would be required to be paid by the Executive if the Executive was then employed by Arrow or the Bank under the cost-sharing arrangements then in effect from time to time, which cost-sharing amounts may be deducted from the cash payments required to be made by Arrow or the Bank under Paragraph 6(b )(i) above. The cost of any such medical and dental coverage which is self-funded by Arrow or the 5 

Bank will be included in the taxable income of Executive to the extent it is paid directly or indirectly by Arrow or the Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Arrow's and the Bank obligations under this Paragraph 6(b )(ii) shall terminate to the extent that the Executive becomes eligible for medical, dental and life insurance coverage from a new employer; provided, however, that the Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement. (c) Death of Retired Early Employee. If the Retired Early Employee dies before receiving all monthly cash payments payable to him as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6(b )(i) above, the Bank shall pay to the Executive's spouse, or if the Executive leaves no spouse, to the estate of the Executive, one ( 1) lump sum payment in an amount equal to the present value of all such remaining unpaid monthly payments, determined as of the date of death of the Executive. Such amount shall be paid within thirty (30) days of the Executive's death, provided that the spouse may not designate the calendar year of payment. (d) Indemnification of Executive. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, in the event a Change of Control and a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee occurs, Arrow and the Bank shall indemnify the Executive for all legal fees and expenses subsequently incurred by the Executive in seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided under this Agreement related to such events, provided, however, that such right to indemnification will not apply if and to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the Company did not breach its obligations under the Agreement or that any such fees and expenses have been incurred in whole or part as a result of the Executive's bad faith or assertion of claims that were unfounded or frivolous. Indemnification payments payable hereunder by Arrow and the Bank shall be made not later than thirty (30) days after a request for payment has been received from the Executive with such evidence of indemnifiable fees and expenses as Arrow or the Bank may reasonably request, provided, however, that such indemnification and reimbursement payments shall not be made later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. (e) No Offset. Except as is contemplated by Paragraph 6(b)(ii) above or as permitted by applicable law, amounts payable to the Executive as a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 shall not be subject to any offset or reduction for (i) any amounts owed or claimed to be owed by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates or (ii) any amounts of compensation or income received or generated by the Executive as a result of any other employment or self-employment of the Executive during the Pay-out Period. The Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement, and shall be prohibited from accepting certain other forms of employment and from engaging in certain other types of business during the Pay-out Period (as well as during certain other post-Termination of Employment periods) as and to the extent specified in Paragraph 9 of this Agreement. (f) Allocation. If the Executive should elect to become a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 and as a result of such election should become entitled to receive certain cash payments during the Pay-out Period as set forth above, Arrow shall determine, as soon as practicable following its receipt from the Executive of written notice of such election, the amount, if any, of such future cash payments that may properly be allocated to the Executive's 6 

future performance of his obligations not to compete with, solicit customers or employees from, or disparage Arrow or its Affiliates under Paragraph 9 of this Agreement, with such allocation to be expressed as a single dollar amount equal to the present value determined as of the date of Termination of Employment, of the amounts of the required future payments thus allocated. When thus determined, the dollar amount of this allocation shall be communicated by Arrow to the Executive. (g) Excess Parachute Payment. (i) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, to the extent that any Company provided payment, distribution or benefit in favor of the Executive (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations thereunder), whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (the "Change of Control Termination Total Payments"), is or will be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), then the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the extent that, and only to the extent that, such reduction in the Change of Control Termination Total Payments would result in the Executive not being subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Executive shall have given prior written notice specifying a different order to the Company to effectuate the foregoing, the Company shall reduce or eliminate the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, by first reducing or eliminating the portion of the Change of Control Termination Total Payments which are payable in cash and then by reducing or eliminating non-cash payments, in each case in reverse order beginning with payments or benefits which are to be paid the farthest in time from the date of the Change of Control. Any notice given by the Executive pursuant to the preceding sentence shall take precedence over the provisions of any other plan, arrangement or agreement governing the Executive's rights and entitlements to any benefits or compensation. (ii) The determination of whether the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced as provided in Paragraph 6(g)(i) above and the amount of such reduction (the "Section 4999 Determination") shall be made at the Company's expense by an accounting firm selected by the Executive from among the six largest accounting firms in the United States (or a regional accounting firm approved by the Company) or at the Executive's expense by an attorney selected by the Executive. Such accounting firm or attorney shall provide its Section 4999 Determination, together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation to the Company and the Executive not later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee. If such firm or attorney determines that no Excise Tax is payable by the Executive with respect to the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, it shall furnish the Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to the Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to any such payments and, absent manifest error, such determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. If such firm or attorney determines that an Excise Tax would be payable, the Company shall have the absolute right to accept such determination as to the extent of the reduction, if any, pursuant to Paragraph 6(g)(i) above, or if the Company so chooses, at its sole discretion, to have such determination reviewed by another accounting firm selected by the Company, at the Company's expense. If the Company's accounting firm is different from an accounting firm that makes such determination, and does not 7 

agree with such latter accounting firm, a third accounting firm shall be jointly chosen by the two firms, in which case the determination of such third accounting firm shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. 7. Early Termination of Employment. In addition to any Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, a Termination of Employment of Executive may occur prior to the normal expiration of the Tenn under the circumstances and with the consequences set forth below. (a) Termination of Employment for Cause. At any time during the Tenn of Employment under this Agreement, and subject to the provisions of this Paragraph 7(a), either Arrow or the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause by Arrow and/or either of the Bank shall require the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or either of the Bank Board (excluding Executive ifhe is a Board Member). Once such a determination has been made, the Chair of the Arrow Board and/or the Bank Board shall give notice to the Executive in writing setting forth the "for Cause" reasons Arrow and/or a Bank effected such Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause, the Executive will not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow and/or either of the Bank. (b) Termination of Employment Without Cause. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, either Arrow and/or either of the Bank may effect, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(b), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph 12(gg) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6(a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7(b ). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7(b ), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one (1) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the greater of (i) the total amount of Base Salary payments which would have been payable to the Executive during the period extending from such effective date until the normal expiration date of Employment under this Agreement as in effect at such time, had there been no early Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause (and assuming the Executive otherwise would have remained employed throughout such period and that his Base Salary would have remained unchanged throughout such period), or (ii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the current Base Salary of the Executive on the effective date of such Termination of Employment. 8 

(c) Termination of Employment for Good Reason. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, the Executive may effect at his own discretion, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(c), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph 12(ft) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6(a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one (1) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the dollar amount of the lump sum payment the Executive would have been entitled to receive had a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 7{b) above occurred on such date, and under identical circumstances except for the identity of the party effecting such Termination of Employment and the existence of Good Reason. ( d) Termination of Employment for Disability. If, as a result of the Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness, the Executive shall not have performed his duties hereunder on a full-time basis for six (6) consecutive months, Arrow and /or either of the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability upon thirty (30) days' written notice. Such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Arrow Board and/or the Bank Board ( excluding the Executive if they are a Board Member). The compensation of the Executive during any period of disability prior to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall be the amounts normally payable to him in accordance with this Agreement, reduced by the sum of the amounts, if any, paid to the Executive for such period under disability benefit plans maintained by Arrow or the Bank. The Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation from Arrow or the Bank for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank. (e) Termination of Employment upon Death. Upon the death of Executive during the Term of Employment hereunder (and simultaneous Termination of Employment of Executive upon Death), the Executive's estate or beneficiaries, as applicable, shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the date of death, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank, including death benefits. (t) Other Early Terminations of Employment. The Employment of Executive may be terminated before the normal expiration of the Term hereof under certain other circumstances, not otherwise addressed in Paragraphs 6 or 7 hereof, as follows: (i) Retirement. Executive may terminate his Employment hereunder upon retirement at or after attaining retirement or early retirement age under any retirement plan of 9 

Arrow and its Affiliates then in effect with respect to which Executive is a covered person ("Retirement"). Upon any such Termination of Employment of Executive due to Retirement, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment for Retirement, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable post-retirement benefits and payments provided to or for the Executive under retirement, severance and similar plans of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates then in effect as to which the Executive participates. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a retirement except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such retirement of Executive shall be the thirtieth (30th) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (ii) Termination by Executive without Good Reason. If the Executive determines, at his own discretion, to terminate his Employment prior to the expiration of the Term of Employment hereunder, without Good Reason and in the absence of the Retirement or Disability of the Executive (any such, a "Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason"), including any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plans or policies covering Executive or under any other applicable agreements with Executive. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason shall be the thirtieth (30th ) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (iii) Termination as a Result of Liquidation, Dissolution, Order, Etc. If the Employment of Executive by Arrow or the Bank is terminated prior to the expiration date of this Agreement as a result of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Arrow or the Bank or the involuntary closing of the Bank by bank regulators prior to such date, or by virtue of any order or decree of any court or administrative or regulatory agency or body with jurisdiction over Arrow or the Bank ordering or requiring the Termination of Employment of Executive by either or both such entities prior to such expiration date, Executive shall have no right to receive from Arrow or the Bank, and neither Arrow nor the Bank shall have any obligation to pay or provide to Executive, any compensation or benefits, other than such Base Salary payments and normal benefits as may be required to be paid or provided to the Executive through the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive; provided, however, that nothing herein shall reduce or affect any obligations that Arrow or the Bank may have to Executive under any other agreement with Executive or under any qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plan or policy covering Executive or under any plan ofliquidation or dissolution adopted by Arrow or the Bank in connection with any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 8. Delayed Payment of Benefits; Conditions to Payment of Benefits. 10 

(a) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if the Executive is a Hspecified employee," as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, on the date of his Termination of Employment, amounts that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A that would otherwise have been paid during the six month period immediately following the date of such Termination of Employment shall be paid on the first regular payroll date immediately following the six-month anniversary of such Termination of Employment, with interest to be paid on each such amount, the payment of which is then delayed, at the rate of yield on U.S. Treasury Bills with the earliest maturity date that occurs at least six months after such date of such Termination of Employment (as reported in the Wall Street Journal) from such date of Termination of Employment to the date of actual payment. Reimbursements or payments directly to the service provider for health care expenses incurred during such six-month period, plus reimbursements and in-kind benefits in an amount up to the applicable dollar limit on elective deferrals to a 401(k) plan under Section 402(g)(l)(B) of the Code, and other amounts that do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall not be subject to such six-month delay requirement. (b) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, neither Arrow nor the Bank will have any obligation to make or commence any payment, or provide any benefit, provided for in Paragraphs 6(b), 7(b) or 7(c) unless and until Executive (1) first signs and delivers to Arrow and/or the Bank within 45 days of the date of Termination of Employment a separation and release agreement prepared by Arrow in a form acceptable to Arrow and which such agreement shall include a full release of Arrow, its Affiliates, employee benefit plans/trusts, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, administrators, trustees, fiduciaries, insurers, successors and assigns and such other provisions as are typically required by an employer therein, and (2) all conditions to the effectiveness of such separation and release agreement shall have been satisfied. Upon satisfaction of these conditions, the payments and benefits provided for in Paragraphs 6(b), 7(b) or 7(c) will be paid, or commence to be paid, on the later of (i) the first applicable regular payroll date of Arrow immediately following the 60th day anniversary of the date of Termination of Employment, without interest to be paid on such amount, or (ii) the date provided for in Paragraph 8(a), if applicable. Arrow agrees to provide to Executive within ten days of the Termination of Employment of Executive, the form of separation and release agreement required by it. 9. Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation; Non-Disparagement. Arrow and its Affiliates are engaged in the businesses of banking, lending, trust operations and providing financial, property, casualty and health insurance and investment adviser services and products ( collectively, the "Business"). As a senior executive, Executive provides services that are unique, special and/or extraordinary to the Business in which Arrow and its Affiliates engage, and have access to and will learn of trade secrets of Arrow and its Affiliates and confidential information pertaining to their customers. The provisions of Paragraphs 9 and 10 are agreed by the parties to be reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill of Arrow's and its Affiliates' Business, the good will of special/long-term customer relationships, Arrow's and its Affiliates' confidential information and trade secrets (including but not limited to information concerning their customers, marketing studies, marketing strategies, acquisition plans, costs, personnel and financial performance) and confidential customer information and to protect against unfair competition by an employee whose services are special, unique and/or extraordinary to the 11 

Business of Arrow and its Affiliates and their long-term success. Accordingly, the Executive agrees as follows: (a) Non-Compete. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason (excluding death), including any Termination of Employment following a Change in Control under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly: (I) engage in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial, property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services or products anywhere in the Designated Area or (2) manage, operate, or control, or accept or hold a position as a director, officer, employee, agent or partner of or adviser or consultant to, or otherwise perform substantial services for or provide advice to, any bank or insured financial institution or other corporation or entity engaged in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial, property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services and products ( directly or through an affiliate), excluding Arrow and its Affiliates (any such other bank, institution, corporation or entity, a "Financial Institution"), if, as of the effective date of such Termination of Employment, such Financial Institution has any office or branch located within the Designated Area or has immediate plans to establish any office or branch within the Designated Area. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "Designated Area" as of any particular time will consist of all counties in the State of New York and any other state in which Arrow or any of its Affiliates maintains an office or branch through which it engages in Business or has acted to establish an office or a branch through which it will engage in Business. The provisions of this paragraph shall not prohibit Executive during such two-year period from working for a company whose principal business is providing property, casualty or health insurance, private equity investments, or serving as a securities broker if Executive is engaged solely in that business and not in the business of providing banking, lending or trust services. The term financial services means financial products associated with the business of banking, including in particular but not limited to credit cards, debit cards, checking and savings accounts, and money market funds. (b) Non-Solicitation. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason ( excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, (i) acting on behalf of any Financial Institution, regardless of where such Financial Institution is located or doing business, solicit any banking, lending or trust business or the business of providing financial, insurance or investment adviser services or products business for such Financial Institution from, or otherwise seek to obtain as a customer or client of such Financial Institution, any person or entity that, to the knowledge of the Executive, was a customer or client of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, and whom Executive, or anyone supervised directly or indirectly by Executive, worked with, at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment; or (ii) acting on behalf of any other corporation or entity, including any Financial Institution, regardless of where such other corporation or entity is located or doing business, employ, recruit or solicit as an employee of such corporation or entity or retain or seek to retain as an agent or consultant of such corporation or entity, any individual employed by or retained as an agent or consultant of Arrow or any of its Affiliates in furtherance of their 12 

Business at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment if such individual possesses knowledge of any trade secrets or confidential customer information of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, or provided services that were unique and/or extraordinary to Arrow or its Affiliates in their Business and Executive worked with or directly or indirectly managed such individual at any time during the last year of Executive's Employment. (c) Non-Disparagement. For a period often (10) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason ( excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, make any statements, declarations, announcements, assertions, remarks, comments or suggestions, orally or in writing, that individually or collectively are, or may be construed as being, defamatory, derogatory, negative, or disparaging to Arrow or its Affiliates (including any successor to Arrow or its Affiliates by merger or acquisition or any of such successor's affiliates), or to any director, officer, controlling shareholder, member, employee or agent of any of the foregoing. Nothing in Paragraph 9(c) is intended to prohibit any truthful testimony to a court or governmental entity. It is the intention of the parties to restrict the activities of the Executive under this Paragraph 9 only to the extent necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests of Arrow and/or its Affiliates, and the parties specifically covenant and agree that should any of the clauses or provisions of the restrictions set forth herein, under any set of circumstances, be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective, then and in that event, the court so holding may reduce the extent or duration of such restrictions or effect any other change to such restrictions to the extent necessary to render such restrictions enforceable by said court to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. The enforceability of the provisions of this Paragraph 9 shall not be affected by the existence or non-existence of any agreement with similar terms between Arrow and another employee, or by the failure of Arrow or its Affiliates to enforce, or their agreement to waive or change, the terms of any such agreement with another employee containing similar terms. This Paragraph 9 shall survive termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms. 10. Confidential Information. The Executive specifically acknowledges that all information pertaining to Arrow or its Affiliates received by him during the course of his employment which has been designated confidential, constitutes a trade secret or otherwise has not been made publicly available, including, without limitation, plans, strategies, projections, analyses, and information pertaining to customers or potential customers, is the exclusive property of Arrow and its Affiliates and the Executive covenants and agrees not to disclose any of such information, without the express prior written consent of the Arrow Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow, during his employment hereunder or after Termination of Employment, to anyone not employed or engaged by Arrow or an Affiliate thereof to render services to it. Confidential Information does not include information which is generally known to the public through no wrongful act or omission of any party. The Executive further covenants and agrees that he will not at any time use any such information, without such express prior written consent, for his own benefit or the benefit of any party other than Arrow or its Affiliates. The Executive will provide Arrow or the Bank with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for Arrow or the Bank to access the matters on which the Executive worked or to otherwise continue their business. At the end of the Executive's employment, or 13 

whenever requested, the Executive agrees to promptly return all Confidential Information, in whatever form, in his possession or control. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or applied to prohibit the Executive from making any good faith report to any governmental agency or entity concerning any act or omission that Executive reasonably believes constitutes a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected unde the anti retaliation or whistleblower provisions of any applicable federal or state law or regulation. In addition, nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Executive's ability to communicate with any governmental agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any governmental agency, including the Executive's ability to provide documents or other information, without notice to Arrow or the Bank. 11. Ownership of Inventions and Ideas. Executive acknowledges that the Company is the sole owner of all the results and proceeds of his service at the Company, including but not limited to, all patents, patent applications, patent rights, formulas, copyrights, inventions, developments, discoveries, other improvements, data, documentation, drawings, charts, and other written, audio and/or visual materials relating to equipment, methods, products, processes or programs in connection with or useful to the business of Arrow or any of its Affiliates ( collectively, the "Developments") which Executive, by himself or in conjunction with any other person, may conceive, make, acquire, acquire knowledge of, develop or create during Executive's employment with the Company, free and clear of any claims by Executive (or any successor or assignee of Executive) of any kind or character whatsoever. Executive acknowledges that all copyrightable Developments shall be considered works made for hire under the Federal Copyright Act. Executive hereby assigns and transfers his right, title and interest in and to all such Developments and agrees that he shall, at the request of the Company, execute or cooperate with the Company in any patent applications, execute such assignments, certificates or other instruments, and do any and all other acts, as the Company may from time to time reasonably deem necessary or desirable to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, protect, enforce or defend the Company's right, title and interest in or to any such Developments. 12. Definitions. The following capitalized terms when used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings. (a) "Affiliate" means any corporation or other business entity that from time to time is, along with Arrow, a member of a controlled group of businesses, as defined in Sections 4 l 4{b) and 414( c) of the Code, provided that the language "at least 50 percent" shall be used instead of "at least 80 percent" each place it appears in such test. A corporation or other business entity is an Affiliate only while a member of such group. hereof. (b) "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph ( c) "Anniversary Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. ( d) "Arrow" shall mean Arrow Financial Corporation. (e) "Arrow Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Arrow. (f) "Bank" shall mean, collectively, Arrow Bank National Association. 14 

(g) "Bank Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Bank. (h) "Base Salary" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 5(a) hereof. (i) "Change of Control" means: (i) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Arrow; (ii) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock of Arrow acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group, constitutes 30% or more of the total voting power of the stock of Arrow; (iii) A majority of the members of the Arrow Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Arrow Board before the date of the appointment or election; or (iv) One person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group) assets from Arrow that have a total gross fair market value ( determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets) equal to or more than 40% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of Arrow immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. Persons will not be considered to be acting as a group solely because they purchase or own stock of the same corporation at the same time, or as a result of the same public offering. However, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with Arrow. This definition of Change of Control shall be interpreted in accordance with, and in a manner that will bring the definition into compliance with, the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. (j) HChange of Control Termination Total Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (k) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (1) "Designated Area" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof. 15 

(m) "Developments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 11 hereof (n) "Effective Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. ( o) "Employment" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 1 hereof. (p) "Excise Tax" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (q) "Executive" shall mean Penko K. Ivanov. (r) "Financial Institution" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof. (s) "Non-Acceptance" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (t) "Non-Offer" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (u) "Non-Renewal" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (v) "Pay-out Period" shall mean the period commencing on the date of Termination of Employment and ending two years thereafter. (w) "Replacement Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (x) "Retired Early Employee" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6 hereof. (y) "Retirement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 7(f)(i) hereof. (z) "Section 4999 Determination" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(ii) hereof. (aa) "Target Bonus" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 5(b) hereof. (bb) "Term" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(a) hereof. (cc) "Termination of Employment" or "Termination of Employment of Executive" means the separation from service of the Executive, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code, with and from Arrow and its Affiliates. Generally, for purposes of Section 409 A, a separation from service means a decrease in the performance of services to no more than 20% of the average for the preceding 36-month period, disregarding leaves of absence of up to six months where there is a reasonable expectation the Executive will return. ( dd) "Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee" means a Termination of Employment of Executive pursuant to Paragraph 6(a) hereof, that is, either a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause or a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, in either case, following a Change in Control and otherwise meeting the requirements of Paragraph 6(a) hereof. 16 

(ee) "Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause" shall mean a termination of the Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank pursuant to Paragraph 7(a) for any one or more of the following "Causes:" (i) any willful misconduct by the Executive which is materially injurious to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates, monetarily or otherwise; (ii) any willful failure by the Executive to follow the reasonable directions of the Arrow Board or the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank; (iii) any failure by the Executive substantially to perform any reasonable and lawful directions of the Arrow Board or either of the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank (other than failure resulting from disability or death), within thirty (30) days after delivery to the Executive by the respective Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank of a written demand for substantial performance, which written demand shall specifically identify the manner in which such board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank believes that the Executive has not substantially performed; (iv) any inability of the Executive to serve as an officer or director of Arrow or any Affiliate, or perform any substantial portion of Executive's duties hereunder, by reason of any order of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency, or any other regulatory authority or agency having jurisdiction over Arrow or any of its Affiliates; (v) intentionally providing false or misleading information to, or otherwise misleading, the Arrow Board, the Bank Board or any committee thereof; (vi) habitual insobriety, abuse of prescribed drugs, or illegal use of controlled substances that materially impairs the Executive's ability to perform his duties hereunder and/or negatively reflects upon Arrow and/or the Bank or their reputation; or (vii) any breach of this Agreement that has a material and/or adverse economic effect on Arrow or the Bank taken as a whole, if not cured within 30 days from Executive's receipt from Arrow or the Bank of written notice thereof, specifying in reasonable detail the alleged breach; (viii) engaging in or directing others to engage in an act or omission, or series of actions, deemed to be fraudulent, dishonest or unlawful; (ix) any knowing and material violation of the Executive of corporate policies and procedures that result in the damage to the business or reputation of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates, including without limitation, Arrow's and the Bank' codes of conduct, code of ethics, conflict of interest policies, or policies prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation; (x) any knowing breach of the fiduciary duty or duty ofloyalty of the Executive; or 17 

(xi) any demonstrated incompetence of the Executive. (ft) uTennination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason" means any Termination of Employment of Executive, effected by the Executive, in his sole discretion, following Executive's discovery of a Good Reason for such Termination of Employment (as defined below), and meeting all of the requirements for such Termination of Employment set forth below. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(c) of this Agreement unless it meets all of the conditions for a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank, which written notice must be delivered, if such Termination of Employment is to become effective, not later than ninety (90) days after the discovery by the Executive of the Good Reason underlying such Termination of Employment (and, if the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, not later than one (1) year after the date of the Change in Control the occurrence of which is a pre-condition to the right of Executive to effect such a Termination of Employment under Paragraph 6(a)). The written notice of termination delivered by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank shall (i) state that the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(c), as appropriate, (ii) identify with reasonable particularity the Good Reason or Good Reasons underlying the Termination of Employment, and (iii) specify the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the delivery of such notice to Arrow or the Bank, as determined by the Executive. If, prior to the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive specified in the written notice, Arrow or the Bank is able to remedy in full, and remedies in full, the circumstances underlying or constituting the Good Reason or Good Reasons identified by the Executive in the written notice, then such Good Reason or Good Reasons shall be deemed cured and the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed null and void, effective upon execution of written affidavit of cure signed by Arrow and the Bank and consented to by the Executive, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, "Good Reason" shall mean (i) the occurrence of a Non-Offer of a Replacement Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) hereof; (ii) a material diminution in the Executive's title, authority, duties, or responsibilities without the Executive's prior consent; (iii) Executive is required to relocate more than 100 miles from the base location at which Executive currently performs his employment duties without the Executive's prior consent; or (iv) the occurrence of a material breach by the Company of any provision of this Agreement. (gg) "Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause" means any Termination of Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank prior to normal expiration of the Tenn of Employment hereunder, for any reason or no reason, that does not qualify as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause or otherwise meet the definition of any other Termination of Employment of Executive hereunder. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement unless it meets all the conditions for a Termination of Employment of 18 

Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by Arrow or either of the Bank to Executive, stating that such Termination of Employment is a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement, as appropriate, and specifying the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than ninety (90) days after the date of delivery of such notice to Executive, as determined by Arrow or either of the Bank. Arrow and/or either of the Bank may relieve the Executive of all duties and place the Executive on a paid administrative leave during the notice period. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause (including the delivery of the required written notice of termination) shall require the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or Bank Board (excluding the Executive ifhe is a Board Member). 13. Return of Property. Executive agrees to return to the Company, on or prior to his Termination of Employment, all property and any information (including any copies thereof, electronic or otherwise) that Executive has received, prepared or helped to prepare during the course of Executive's employment with the Company or is otherwise in his possession except that Executive may retin copies of materials relating to his compensation or benefits. In addition Executive will provide the Company with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for the Company to access materials on which Executive worked or to otherwise continue in their respective businesses. 14. Legal Proceedings. Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company and its legal counsel, and to furnish any and all complete and truthful information, testimony or affidavits, in connection with any matter that arose during his employment with the Company or in connection with any litigation, governmental proceeding or investigation, arbitration or claim, that in any way relates to the business or operations of the Company, or of which Executive may have any knowledge or involvement. Executive will make his best efforts to consult with and provide information to the Company and its legal counsel concerning all such matters, and appear as and when requested to provide any such information, assistance or testimony on reasonable notice. The Company will use reasonable efforts to have such cooperation performed at reasonable times and places and in a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with any other employment or other business activity in which Executive may then be engaged. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Executive to provide any testimony, sworn statement or declaration that is not complete and truthful. If the Company requires Executive to travel outside the metropolitan area in the United States where he then resides to provide any testimony or otherwise provide any such assistance, then the Company agrees to reimburse Executive for any reasonable, customary and necessary travel and lodging expenses incurred by him in connection therewith provided Executive submits all documentation required under Employer's reimbursement policies and as otherwise may be required to satisfy any requirements under applicable tax laws for the Company to deduct those expenses. To the extent that Executive is required to spend significant time assisting the Company as contemplated under this Section 14, Employer shall compensate the Executive at a reasonable hourly rate to be agreed upon by the parties, each party acting reasonably. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Executive from giving truthful testimony or information to law enforcement entities, administrative agencies or courts or in any other legal proceedings as required by law, including, but not limited to, 19 

assisting in an investigation or proceeding brought by any governmental or regulatory body or official related to alleged violations of any law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 15. Successors and Assigns; Assumption by Successors. This Agreement is a personal services contract which may not be assigned by Arrow or the Bank to, or assumed from Arrow or the Bank by, any other party without the prior consent of the Executive. All rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their personal or legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns. Arrow will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, assignment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Arrow in any consensual transaction expressly to assume this Agreement and to agree to perform hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent that Arrow would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. References herein to "Arrow" or the "Bank" will be understood to refer to the successor or successors of Arrow or the Bank, respectively. 16. Notices. Any notice required or desired to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the addresses of the other parties set forth in the first Paragraph of this Agreement, provided that all notices to Arrow or the Bank shall be directed in each case to the Chief Executive Officer thereof. 17. Waiver of Breach. Waiver by any party of a breach of any provision shall not operate as or be construed a waiver by such party of any subsequent breach hereof. 18. Invalidity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect. 19. Entire Agreement; Written Modification; Termination. This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the parties concerning the employment of the Executive by Arrow and the Bank. No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless in writing specifically referring hereto and signed by the party against whom such provision as modified or amended or such waiver is sought to be enforced. This Agreement shall terminate as of the time Arrow or the Bank makes the final payment which it may be obligated to pay hereunder or provides the final benefit which it may be obligated to provide hereunder, or, iflater, as of the time the last remaining restriction set forth in Paragraph 9 expires. Paragraphs 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 through 25 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 20. Performance by Arrow or the Bank. Performance under this Agreement by Arrow and the Bank, including the payment of any amounts provided for hereunder, are subject to applicable law and regulation including payments prohibited under 12 CFR 359 and any other payment restrictions on executive compensation under applicable banking law and regulation. Any obligation of Arrow or the Bank to make a payment under any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed an obligation of both parties to make such payment, and the making of such payment by either such party shall be deemed performance of the obligation to pay by both such parties. 20 

21. Company Policies or Guidelines; Clawback. (a) In consideration of the Executive's employment with Arrow and the Bank, Executive agrees that his compensation and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise by Arrow or the Bank are subject to (i) applicable laws and regulations as are in effect from time to time, and (ii) current or subsequently adopted policies or guidelines issued by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board, in each case, impacting such compensation or benefits pursuant to the terms of such applicable laws, regulations, policies or guidelines ( e.g., clawback or incentive compensation recoupment policies and/or stock ownership guidelines). (b) Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with Arrow or either which is subject to recovery under any clawback or other policy adopted by Arrow or Arrow Bank National Association from time to time or any other law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such policy, law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement. Arrow and/or Arrow Bank National Association will make any determination for claw back or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable policy, law, regulation or requirement. 22. Counterparts. This Agreement may be made and executed in counterparts, in which case all counterparts shall be deemed to constitute one original document for all purposes. 23. Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by and is to be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of law principles. 24. Section 409A Compliance. The parties intend that all provisions of this Agreement comply with the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable. No provision of this Agreement shall be operative to the extent that it will result in the imposition of the additional tax described in Code Section 409A(a)(l)(B)(i)(II). If any provision hereof is reasonably deemed to contradict Section 409A, the parties agree to revise, to the extent practicable, the Agreement as necessary to comply with Section 409A and fulfill the purpose of the voided provision. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to permit accelerated payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, as defined in Section 409A, or any other payment in violation of the requirements of Section 409A. With respect to reimbursements that constitute taxable income to Executive, no such reimbursements or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any calendar year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year and Executive's right to reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation in exchange for any other benefit. 25. Authorization. Arrow and the Bank represent and warrant that the execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by resolution of their respective boards or committees thereof, as applicable. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed or caused to be executed this Agreement effective as of the date hereof. February (, _, 2025 February .!!:._, 2025 February .$ , 2025 ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION By: UJS:tJJrJ~ David S. DeMarco, President and CEO ARRO l 1'.IONALASS.OCIATION By:..-=:.,..::;......_ _ _ - - '---1'---l-~ - lo David S. DeMarco, President and CEO 22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>wise2025.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
wise2025

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT is effective as of February 1, 2025 ("Agreement") among ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a New York corporation with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 ("Arrow"), its wholly-owned subsidiary, ARROW BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 and ANDREW J. WISE, 2 Lee Drive, Saratoga Springs, New York 12866 (the "Executive"). Arrow Bank National Association is referred to herein as the "Bank" and the Bank and Arrow are collectively referred to herein as the "Company." The effective date of this Agreement shall be February 1, 2025 (the "Effective Date"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Paragraph 12 of this Agreement. Recitals WHEREAS, Arrow and the Bank consider the maintenance of a competent and experienced executive management team to be essential to the long-term success of Arrow and the Bank; and WHEREAS, the Executive wishes to continue to serve Arrow and the Bank as part of such executive management team; and WHEREAS, in this regard, Arrow and the Bank, on the one hand, and the Executive, on the other, have determined that it is in the best interests of all of the parties that the Executive serve as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of the Bank, pursuant to a written employment agreement and in order to secure Executive's services and skills, which are considered extraordinary, special and unique for its business and the long-term success thereof; and WHEREAS, the parties have agreed that this Agreement will supersede and replace any and all agreements, written or oral, previously in place regarding the employment of the Executive by either Arrow or the Bank, except for compensatory or employee benefit plans applicable to employees of Arrow and/or the Bank generally or to certain groups or sub-groups of employees of which the Executive is a member, and awards or award agreements issued to the Executive under such plans; and NOW, THEREFORE, in furtherance of the interests described above and in consideration of the respective covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Arrow and the Bank will employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to be employed by Arrow and the Bank, for the Term of this Agreement, as defined in Paragraph 2 (such employment, the "Employment"). Arrow and the Bank agree to employ the Executive to serve as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of the Bank, with such duties as are described in Paragraph 3 and subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any termination of employment of Executive as the Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of Arrow 

and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of the Bank shall effect a termination of employment of Executive at all positions at Arrow, the Bank and their Affiliates. 2. Term. (a) Tenn. The term of Employment of the Executive under this Agreement (the ''Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless the Executive becomes a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement or such Employment is earlier terminated as provided in Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall expire on the day before the second anniversary of the Effective Date. (b) Renewal. Notwithstanding Paragraph 2(a), on each anniversary of the Effective Date, the Agreement shall be deemed to have been automatically extended for successive periods of one year each, upon the same terms and conditions, unless Arrow, the Bank, or the Board of Directors, or the Executive shall have provided written notice of their intention not to extend the term of the Agreement to the other parties at least 30 days prior to the applicable Renewal Date. If the Term is automatically extended in accordance with this Paragraph 2(b ), then, during the remainder of the extended Term: (i) The Executive's Base Salary shall not be less than the Executive's Base Salary as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; (ii) subject to Paragraph 5(b) hereof, the Executive will be entitled to other benefits (not including discretionary benefits and awards) having an aggregate value to the Executive at least equal to the aggregate value of the other benefits provided to the Executive as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; and (iii) the other terms and conditions relating to the Executive's position and duties, place of performance, rights upon a Change of Control of Arrow and rights in connection with any early Termination of Employment of the Executive shall be in each such instance at least as favorable to the Executive as the terms and conditions relating to such matters under this Agreement, and generally shall be as favorable to the Executive as is this Agreement, as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date. (c) Failure to Renew. If any party provides written notice to the other parties, at least 30 days prior to a Renewal Date, of their intention not to extend the Term of the Agreement, then: (i) the Term shall not be extended, but (ii) this Agreement and the Executive's employment hereunder shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of the unextended Term of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, and the rights and obligations of each of the parties hereunder, including the rights and obligations of the parties under Paragraph 2(b ), shall continue unchanged during the remaining Term of this Agreement, despite such failure to renew, except as may be specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement. 3. Position and Duties. The Executive shall serve as the Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of the 2 

Bank and shall have such duties, responsibilities, and authority as normally attend such positions or as may reasonably be assigned to the Executive from time to time by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank. The Executive is employed in a position that involves and requires a high level of trust and confidence and requests a significant time commitment. The Executive agrees to act at all times with the highest level of loyalty and integrity toward Arrow and its Affiliates. The Executive agrees to act and perform his duties in a manner consistent with all federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as all Arrow and Bank policies, procedures, rules, guidelines, and operating procedures adopted from time to time. The Executive shall be responsible to obtain and maintain any licenses or certifications which may be required for the performance of his duties and shall comply with all laws, regulations and rules that apply to Arrow and its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the above, the Executive shall not be required to perform any duties that would result in Arrow's, the Bank's, or the Executive's non-compliance with, or any violation of, any applicable law, regulation, regulatory policy or other regulatory requirement. The Executive shall devote substantially all his working time and efforts to the business and affairs of Arrow and the Bank, provided however, that the Executive may, with the approval of the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, serve as a director or officer of any non-competing business or engage in any other activity, including but not limited to, charitable or community activity, to the extent that such does not inhibit the performance of his duties hereunder or otherwise violate this Agreement. 4. Place of Performance. In connection with the Executive's Employment hereunder, the Executive shall be based at the principal executive offices of Arrow or the Bank, except for required travel on business. Arrow or the Bank shall furnish the Executive with office space, administrative assistance, and such other facilities and services as shall be suitable to the Executive's position and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. 5. Compensation. (a) ~- The base annual salary ("Base Salary") of the Executive shall be $375,950.00, payable by Arrow and/or the Bank in equal bi-weekly installments (i.e., every two weeks) or at such other intervals as shall constitute the regular payroll practice of Arrow and/or the Bank. Such Base Salary shall be effective as of January I st of each calendar year. The Executive's Base Salary may be increased from time to time in accordance with the normal business practices of Arrow and the Bank, as determined by the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, and, if so increased, such Base Salary shall not thereafter during the Term be decreased and the obligation of the Bank or Arrow hereunder to pay the Executive's Base Salary shall thereafter relate to such increased Base Salary. Compensation of the Executive by Base Salary payments shall not prevent the Executive from participating in any other compensation or benefit plan of Arrow or the Bank in which he is entitled to participate and participation in any such other compensation or benefit plan shall not in any way limit or reduce the obligation of each of Arrow and the Bank to pay the Executive's Base Salary hereunder. (b) Other Benefits. In addition to the compensation provided for in subparagraph (a) above, the Executive shall be entitled during the Term (i) to participate in any and all employee benefit programs or stock purchase programs of Arrow or the Bank now or hereafter in effect and open to participation by qualifying employees of Arrow or the Bank generally including, but not limited to, the retirement plan, supplemental retirement plan (make-up benefit feature), 3 

employee stock purchase plan and employee stock ownership plan of Arrow or the Bank, (ii) to participate in employee incentive plans ( cash or equity, annual or long-term incentive), under which such plans awards are discretionary, including the Company's short-term incentive plan under which the Executive will be eligible to receive a discretionary cash bonus with the "Target Bonus" being set at forty percent (40%) of his Base Salary, less all necessary and required federal, state and local payroll deductions, and (iii) to enjoy certain personal benefits provided by Arrow or the Bank including, but not limited to: (i) life insurance on the life of the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (ii) disability insurance for the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (iii) comprehensive medical and dental insurance under a group plan provided by Arrow, with the Executive to pay only those amounts required to be paid thereunder by covered employees generally under the cost-sharing arrangements in effect from time to time under such plan; (iv) reimbursement in full of all business, travel and entertainment expenses incurred by the Executive in performing his duties hereunder in accordance with Arrow's policies and guidelines regarding the same; and (v) fully paid vacation during each calendar year in accordance with the vacation policies of Arrow in effect from time to time. Neither Arrow nor the Bank shall make any material changes in any of the personal benefits specified in this Agreement adversely affecting the Executive ( excluding discretionary benefits and awards) unless such change occurs pursuant to a program applicable to all executive officers of Arrow or the Bank, as the case may be, and the adverse effect on the Executive is not proportionately greater than the adverse effect of the change on any other executive officer of Arrow or the Bank previously enjoying such benefit. Premiums for the above-described insurance programs will be payable in accordance with the Bank's regular monthly premium payments applicable to such insurance programs. Reimbursement of expenses shall not be paid later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. 6. Termination of Employment following Change of Control. (a) Retired Early Employee. If (i) a Change of Control occurs during the Term of Employment hereunder, and (ii) within twelve ( 12) months after such Change of Control, either (x) Arrow and the Bank deliver to the Executive an advance written notice of Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph l 2(gg) hereof or (y) the Executive delivers to Arrow and the Bank an advance written notice of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 12(ft) hereof then, upon subsequent effectiveness of such Termination of Employment ( either such 4 

termination, if effected under this Paragraph 6(a), a -'Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee"), the Executive (sometimes referred to herein as a "Retired Early Employee") will, following such a Termination of Employment, be entitled to receive, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, upon the effective date of such Termination of Employment, suchJ)ayments (in addition to any other payments then receivable by him) as are provided hereafter in this Paragraph 6. (b) Cash Payments and Benefits. (i) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, in the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall, commencing on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8 and continuing throughout the Pay-out Period, make equal monthly payments to the Executive (which shall not be deemed Base Salary payments) in an amount such that the present value of all such payments, determined as of the date of such Termination of Employment, equals two (2) times the sum of the Executive's Base Salary and Target Bonus for the year in which advance written notice of termination of employment occurs. Subject to Paragraph 8, if at any time during the Pay-out Period the Arrow Board in its sole discretion shall determine, upon application of the Retired Early Employee supported by substantial evidence, that the Retired Early Employee has experienced an unforeseeable emergency, as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, Arrow or the Bank shall make available to the Retired Early Employee, in one ( 1) lump sum payment, an amount up to the amount needed to relieve such unforeseeable emergency (including taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of such lump sum payment) but not greater than the present value of all monthly payments remaining to be paid to him in the Pay-out Period, calculated as of the date of such determination by the Arrow Board, for the purpose of relieving such unforeseeable emergency to the extent the same has not been or may not be relieved by (A) reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, (B) liquidation of the Retired Early Employee's assets (to the extent such liquidation would not itself cause severe financial hardship), or (C) distributions from other benefit plans. If (I) the lump sum amount thus made available is less than (II) the present value of all such remaining monthly payments, Arrow or the Bank shall continue to pay to the Retired Early Employee monthly payments for the duration of the Pay-out Period, but from such date forward such monthly payments will be in a reduced amount such that the present value of all such reduced payments, calculated as of the date of such determination, will equal the difference between (II) and (I), above. The Retired Early Employee may elect to waive any or all payments due him under this subparagraph. (ii) In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall provide the Executive during the Pay-out Period with medical, dental and life insurance coverage maintained by Arrow that is generally equivalent to the coverage held by the Executive (including dependent coverage, as applicable) immediately prior to such Termination of Employment, subject to general changes in such group plan offerings by Arrow or the Bank from time to time during the Pay-out Period and further subject to payment by the Executive of any amounts which would be required to be paid by the Executive if the Executive was then employed by Arrow or the Bank under the cost-sharing arrangements then in effect from time to time, which cost-sharing amounts may be deducted from the cash payments required to be made by Arrow or the Bank under Paragraph 6(b )(i) above. The cost of any such medical and dental coverage which is self-funded by Arrow or the 5 

Bank will be included in the taxable income of Executive to the extent it is paid directly or indirectly by Arrow or the Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Arrow's and the Bank obligations under this Paragraph 6(b )(ii) shall terminate to the extent that the Executive becomes eligible for medical, dental and life insurance coverage from a new employer; provided, however, that the Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement. ( c) Death of Retired Early Employee. If the Retired Early Employee dies before receiving all monthly cash payments payable to him as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6(b)(i) above, the Bank shall pay to the Executive's spouse, or if the Executive leaves no spouse, to the estate of the Executive, one (1) lump sum payment in an amount equal to the present value of all such remaining unpaid monthly payments, determined as of the date of death of the Executive. Such amount shall be paid within thirty (30) days of the Executive's death, provided that the spouse may not designate the calendar year of payment. (d) Indemnification of Executive. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, in the event a Change of Control and a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee occurs, Arrow and the Bank shall indemnify the Executive for all legal fees and expenses subsequently incurred by the Executive in seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided under this Agreement related to such events, provided, however, that such right to indemnification will not apply if and to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the Company did not breach its obligations under the Agreement or that any such fees and expenses have been incurred in whole or part as a result of the Executive's bad faith or assertion of claims that were unfounded or frivolous. Indemnification payments payable hereunder by Arrow and the Bank shall be made not later than thirty (30) days after a request for payment has been received from the Executive with such evidence of indemnifiable fees and expenses as Arrow or the Bank may reasonably request, provided, however, that such indemnification and reimbursement payments shall not be made later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. (e) No Offset. Except as is contemplated by Paragraph 6(b)(ii) above or as permitted by applicable law, amounts payable to the Executive as a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 shall not be subject to any offset or reduction for (i) any amounts owed or claimed to be owed by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates or (ii) any amounts of compensation or income received or generated by the Executive as a result of any other employment or self-employment of the Executive during the Pay-out Period. The Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement, and shall be prohibited from accepting certain other forms of employment and from engaging in certain other types of business during the Pay-out Period (as well as during certain other post-Termination of Employment periods) as and to the extent specified in Paragraph 9 of this Agreement. (t) Allocation. If the Executive should elect to become a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 and as a result of such election should become entitled to receive certain cash payments during the Pay-out Period as set forth above, Arrow shall determine, as soon as practicable following its receipt from the Executive of written notice of such election, the amount, if any, of such future cash payments that may properly be allocated to the Executive's 6 

future performance of his obligations not to compete with, solicit customers or employees from, or disparage Arrow or its Affiliates under Paragraph 9 of this Agreement, with such allocation to be expressed as a single dollar amount equal to the present value determined as of the date of Termination of Employment, of the amounts of the required future payments thus allocated. When thus determined, the dollar amount of this allocation shall be communicated by Arrow to the Executive. (g) Excess Parachute Payment. (i) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, to the extent that any Company provided payment, distribution or benefit in favor of the Executive (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations thereunder), whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (the "Change of Control Termination Total Payments"), is or will be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), then the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the extent that, and only to the extent that, such reduction in the Change of Control Termination Total Payments would result in the Executive not being subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Executive shall have given prior written notice specifying a different order to the Company to effectuate the foregoing, the Company shall reduce or eliminate the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, by first reducing or eliminating the portion of the Change of Control Termination Total Payments which are payable in cash and then by reducing or eliminating non-cash payments, in each case in reverse order beginning with payments or benefits which are to be paid the farthest in time from the date of the Change of Control. Any notice given by the Executive pursuant to the preceding sentence shall take precedence over the provisions of any other plan, arrangement or agreement governing the Executive's rights and entitlements to any benefits or compensation. (ii) The determination of whether the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced as provided in Paragraph 6(g)(i) above and the amount of such reduction (the "Section 4999 Determination") shall be made at the Company's expense by an accounting firm selected by the Executive from among the six largest accounting firms in the United States (or a regional accounting firm approved by the Company) or at the Executive's expense by an attorney selected by the Executive. Such accounting firm or attorney shall provide its Section 4999 Determination, together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation to the Company and the Executive not later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee. If such firm or attorney determines that no Excise Tax is payable by the Executive with respect to the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, it shall furnish the Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to the Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to any such payments and, absent manifest error, such determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. If such firm or attorney determines that an Excise Tax would be payable, the Company shall have the absolute right to accept such determination as to the extent of the reduction, if any, pursuant to Paragraph 6(g)(i) above, or if the Company so chooses, at its sole discretion, to have such determination reviewed by another accounting firm selected by the Company, at the Company's expense. If the Company's accounting firm is different from an accounting firm that makes such determination, and does not 7 

agree with such latter accounting firm, a third accounting firm shall be jointly chosen by the two firms, in which case the determination of such third accounting firm shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. 7. Early Termination of Employment. In addition to any Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, a Termination of Employment of Executive may occur prior to the normal expiration of the Term under the circumstances and with the consequences set forth below. (a) Termination of Employment for Cause. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, and subject to the provisions of this Paragraph 7(a), either Arrow or the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause by Arrow and/or either of the Bank shall require the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or either of the Bank Board (excluding Executive ifhe is a Board Member). Once such a determination has been made, the Chair of the Arrow Board and/or the Bank Board shall give notice to the Executive in writing setting forth the "for Cause" reasons Arrow and/or a Bank effected such Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause, the Executive will not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow and/or either of the Bank. (b) Termination of Employment Without Cause. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, either Arrow and/or either of the Bank may effect, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(b ), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph l 2(gg) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6(a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7(b ). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7(b ), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one (1) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the greater of (i) the total amount of Base Salary payments which would have been payable to the Executive during the period extending from such effective date until the normal expiration date of Employment under this Agreement as in effect at such time, had there been no early Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause ( and assuming the Executive otherwise would have remained employed throughout such period and that his Base Salary would have remained unchanged throughout such period), or (ii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the current Base Salary of the Executive on the effective date of such Termination of Employment. 8 

( c) Termination of Employment for Good Reason. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, the Executive may effect at his own discretion, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(c), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph 12(ft) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6(a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one (I) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the dollar amount of the lump sum payment the Executive would have been entitled to receive had a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 7(b) above occurred on such date, and under identical circumstances except for the identity of the party effecting such Termination of Employment and the existence of Good Reason. (d) Termination of Employment for Disability. If, as a result of the Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness, the Executive shall not have performed his duties hereunder on a full-time basis for six (6) consecutive months, Arrow and /or either of the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability upon thirty (30) days' written notice. Such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Arrow Board and/or the Bank Board ( excluding the Executive if they are a Board Member). The compensation of the Executive during any period of disability prior to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall be the amounts normally payable to him in accordance with this Agreement, reduced by the sum of the amounts, if any, paid to the Executive for such period under disability benefit plans maintained by Arrow or the Bank. The Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation from Arrow or the Bank for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank. (e) Termination of Employment upon Death. Upon the death of Executive during the Term of Employment hereunder (and simultaneous Termination of Employment of Executive upon Death), the Executive's estate or beneficiaries, as applicable, shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the date of death, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank, including death benefits. (t) Other Early Terminations of Employment. The Employment of Executive may be terminated before the normal expiration of the Term hereof under certain other circumstances, not otherwise addressed in Paragraphs 6 or 7 hereof, as follows: (i) Retirement. Executive may terminate his Employment hereunder upon retirement at or after attaining retirement or early retirement age under any retirement plan of 9 

Arrow and its Affiliates then in effect with respect to which Executive is a covered person ("Retirement"). Upon any such Termination of Employment of Executive due to Retirement, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment for Retirement, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable post-retirement benefits and payments provided to or for the Executive under retirement, severance and similar plans of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates then in effect as to which the Executive participates. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a retirement except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such retirement of Executive shall be the thirtieth (30th) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (ii) Termination by Executive without Good Reason. If the Executive determines, at his own discretion, to terminate his Employment prior to the expiration of the Term of Employment hereunder, without Good Reason and in the absence of the Retirement or Disability of the Executive (any such, a "Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason"), including any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plans or policies covering Executive or under any other applicable agreements with Executive. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason shall be the thirtieth (30th ) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (iii) Tennination as a Result of Liquidation, Dissolution, Order, Etc. If the Employment of Executive by Arrow or the Bank is terminated prior to the expiration date of this Agreement as a result of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Arrow or the Bank or the involuntary closing of the Bank by bank regulators prior to such date, or by virtue of any order or decree of any court or administrative or regulatory agency or body with jurisdiction over Arrow or the Bank ordering or requiring the Termination of Employment of Executive by either or both such entities prior to such expiration date, Executive shall have no right to receive from Arrow or the Bank, and neither Arrow nor the Bank shall have any obligation to pay or provide to Executive, any compensation or benefits, other than such Base Salary payments and normal benefits as may be required to be paid or provided to the Executive through the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive; provided, however, that nothing herein shall reduce or affect any obligations that Arrow or the Bank may have to Executive under any other agreement with Executive or under any qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plan or policy covering Executive or under any plan of liquidation or dissolution adopted by Arrow or the Bank in connection with any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 8. Delayed Payment of Benefits; Conditions to Payment of Benefits. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if the Executive is a Hspecified employee," as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, on the date of his Termination of Employment, amounts that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A that would otherwise have been paid during the six month period immediately following the date of such Termination of Employment shall be paid on the first regular payroll date immediately following the six-month anniversary of such Termination of Employment, with interest to be paid on each such amount, the payment of which is then delayed, at the rate of yield on U.S. Treasury Bills with the earliest maturity date that occurs at least six months after such date of such Termination of Employment (as reported in the Wall Street Journal) from such date of Termination of Employment to the date of actual payment. Reimbursements or payments directly to the service provider for health care expenses incurred during such six-month period, plus reimbursements and in-kind benefits in an amount up to the applicable dollar limit on elective deferrals to a 401(k) plan under Section 402(g)(l)(B) of the Code, and other amounts that do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall not be subject to such six-month delay requirement. (b) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, neither Arrow nor the Bank will have any obligation to make or commence any payment, or provide any benefit, provided for in Paragraphs 6(b), 7(b) or 7(c) unless and until Executive (1) first signs and delivers to Arrow and/or the Bank within 45 days of the date of Termination of Employment a separation and release agreement prepared by Arrow in a form acceptable to Arrow and which such agreement shall include a full release of Arrow, its Affiliates, employee benefit plans/trusts, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, administrators, trustees, :fiduciaries, insurers, successors and assigns and such other provisions as are typically required by an employer therein, and (2) all conditions to the effectiveness of such separation and release agreement shall have been satisfied. Upon satisfaction of these conditions, the payments and benefits provided for in Paragraphs 6(b), 7(b) or 7(c) will be paid, or commence to be paid, on the later of (i) the first applicable regular payroll date of Arrow immediately following the 60th day anniversary of the date of Termination of Employment, without interest to be paid on such amount, or (ii) the date provided for in Paragraph 8(a), if applicable. Arrow agrees to provide to Executive within ten days of the Termination of Employment of Executive, the form of separation and release agreement required by it. 9. Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation; Non-Disparagement. Arrow and its Affiliates are engaged in the businesses of banking, lending, trust operations and providing financial, property, casualty and health insurance and investment adviser services and products (collectively, the "Business"). As a senior executive, Executive provides services that are unique, special and/or extraordinary to the Business in which Arrow and its Affiliates engage, and have access to and will learn of trade secrets of Arrow and its Affiliates and confidential information pertaining to their customers. The provisions of Paragraphs 9 and 10 are agreed by the parties to be reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill of Arrow's and its Affiliates' Business, the good will of special/long-term customer relationships, Arrow's and its Affiliates' confidential information and trade secrets (including but not limited to information concerning their customers, marketing studies, marketing strategies, acquisition plans, costs, personnel and financial performance) and confidential customer information and to protect against unfair competition by an employee whose services are special, unique and/or extraordinary to the 11 

Business of Arrow and its Affiliates and their long-term success. Accordingly, the Executive agrees as follows: (a) Non-Compete. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason (excluding death), including any Termination of Employment following a Change in Control under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly: (1) engage in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial, property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services or products anywhere in the Designated Area or (2) manage, operate, or control, or accept or hold a position as a director, officer, employee, agent or partner of or adviser or consultant to, or otherwise perform substantial services for or provide advice to, any bank or insured financial institution or other corporation or entity engaged in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial, property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services and products ( directly or through an affiliate), excluding Arrow and its Affiliates (any such other bank, institution, corporation or entity, a "Financial [nstitution"), if, as of the effective date of such Termination of Employment, such Financial Institution has any office or branch located within the Designated Area or has immediate plans to establish any office or branch within the Designated Area. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "Designated Area" as of any particular time will consist of all counties in the State of New York and any other state in which Arrow or any of its Affiliates maintains an office or branch through which it engages in Business or has acted to establish an office or a branch through which it will engage in Business. The provisions of this paragraph shall not prohibit Executive during such two-year period from working for a company whose principal business is providing property, casualty or health insurance, private equity investments, or serving as a securities broker if Executive is engaged solely in that business and not in the business of providing banking, lending or trust services. The term financial services means financial products associated with the business of banking, including in particular but not limited to credit cards, debit cards, checking and savings accounts, and money market funds. (b) Non-Solicitation. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason ( excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, (i) acting on behalf of any Financial Institution, regardless of where such Financial Institution is located or doing business, solicit any banking, lending or trust business or the business of providing financial, insurance or investment adviser services or products business for such Financial Institution from, or otherwise seek to obtain as a customer or client of such Financial Institution, any person or entity that, to the knowledge of the Executive, was a customer or client of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, and whom Executive, or anyone supervised directly or indirectly by Executive, worked with, at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment; or (ii) acting on behalf of any other corporation or entity, including any Financial Institution, regardless of where such other corporation or entity is located or doing business, employ, recruit or solicit as an employee of such corporation or entity or retain or seek to retain as an agent or consultant of such corporation or entity, any individual employed by or retained as an agent or consultant of Arrow or any of its Affiliates in furtherance of their 12 

Business at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment if such individual possesses knowledge of any trade secrets or confidential customer information of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, or provided services that were unique and/or extraordinary to Arrow or its Affiliates in their Business and Executive worked with or directly or indirectly managed such individual at any time during the last year of Executive's Employment. (c) Non-Disparagement. For a period of ten (10) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason ( excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, make any statements, declarations, announcements, assertions, remarks, comments or suggestions, orally or in writing, that individually or collectively are, or may be construed as being, defamatory, derogatory, negative, or disparaging to Arrow or its Affiliates (including any successor to Arrow or its Affiliates by merger or acquisition or any of such successor's affiliates), or to any director, officer, controlling shareholder, member, employee or agent of any of the foregoing. Nothing in Paragraph 9( c) is intended to prohibit any truthful testimony to a court or governmental entity. It is the intention of the parties to restrict the activities of the Executive under this Paragraph 9 only to the extent necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests of Arrow and/or its Affiliates, and the parties specifically covenant and agree that should any of the clauses or provisions of the restrictions set forth herein, under any set of circumstances, be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective, then and in that event, the court so holding may reduce the extent or duration of such restrictions or effect any other change to such restrictions to the extent necessary to render such restrictions enforceable by said court to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. The enforceability of the provisions of this Paragraph 9 shall not be affected by the existence or non-existence of any agreement with similar terms between Arrow and another employee, or by the failure of Arrow or its Affiliates to enforce, or their agreement to waive or change, the terms of any such agreement with another employee containing similar terms. This Paragraph 9 shall survive termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms. 10. Confidential Information. The Executive specifically acknowledges that all information pertaining to Arrow or its Affiliates received by him during the course of his employment which has been designated confidential, constitutes a trade secret or otherwise has not been made publicly available, including, without limitation, plans, strategies, projections, analyses, and information pertaining to customers or potential customers, is the exclusive property of Arrow and its Affiliates and the Executive covenants and agrees not to disclose any of such information, without the express prior written consent of the Arrow Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow, during his employment hereunder or after Termination of Employment, to anyone not employed or engaged by Arrow or an Affiliate thereof to render services to it. Confidential Information does not include information which is generally known to the public through no wrongful act or omission of any party. The Executive further covenants and agrees that he will not at any time use any such information, without such express prior written consent, for his own benefit or the benefit of any party other than Arrow or its Affiliates. The Executive will provide Arrow or the Bank with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for Arrow or the Bank to access the matters on which the Executive worked or to otherwise continue their business. At the end of the Executive's employment, or 13 

whenever requested, the Executive agrees to promptly return all Confidential Information, in whatever form, in his possession or control. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or applied to prohibit the Executive from making any good faith report to any governmental agency or entity concerning any act or omission that Executive reasonably believes constitutes a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected unde the anti retaliation or whistleblower provisions of any applicable federal or state law or regulation. In addition, nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Executive's ability to communicate with any governmental agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any governmental agency, including the Executive's ability to provide documents or other information, without notice to Arrow or the Bank. 11. Ownership of Inventions and Ideas. Executive acknowledges that the Company is the sole owner of all the results and proceeds of his service at the Company, including but not limited to, all patents, patent applications, patent rights, formulas, copyrights, inventions, developments, discoveries, other improvements, data, documentation, drawings, charts, and other written, audio and/or visual materials relating to equipment, methods, products, processes or programs in connection with or useful to the business of Arrow or any of its Affiliates ( collectively, the "Developments") which Executive, by himself or in conjunction with any other person, may conceive, make, acquire, acquire knowledge of, develop or create during Executive's employment with the Company, free and clear of any claims by Executive (or any successor or assignee of Executive) of any kind or character whatsoever. Executive acknowledges that all copyrightable Developments shall be considered works made for hire under the Federal Copyright Act. Executive hereby assigns and transfers his right, title and interest in and to all such Developments and agrees that he shall, at the request of the Company, execute or cooperate with the Company in any patent applications, execute such assignments, certificates or other instruments, and do any and all other acts, as the Company may from time to time reasonably deem necessary or desirable to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, protect, enforce or defend the Company's right, title and interest in or to any such Developments. 12. Definitions. The following capitalized terms when used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings. (a) "Affiliate" means any corporation or other business entity that from time to time is, along with Arrow, a member of a controlled group of businesses, as defined in Sections 414(b) and 414( c) of the Code, provided that the language "at least 50 percent" shall be used instead of"at least 80 percent" each place it appears in such test. A corporation or other business entity is an Affiliate only while a member of such group. hereof. (b) "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph (c) "Anniversary Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. ( d) "Arrow" shall mean Arrow Financial Corporation. ( e) "Arrow Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Arrow. (t) "Bank" shall mean, collectively, Arrow Bank National Association. 14 

(g) "Bank Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Bank. (h) "Base Salary" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 5(a) hereof. (i) "Change of Control" means: (i) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Arrow; (ii) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock of Arrow acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group, constitutes 30% or more of the total voting power of the stock of Arrow; (iii) A majority of the members of the Arrow Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Arrow Board before the date of the appointment or election; or (iv) One person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires ( or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group) assets from Arrow that have a total gross fair market value ( determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets) equal to or more than 40% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of Arrow immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. Persons will not be considered to be acting as a group solely because they purchase or own stock of the same corporation at the same time, or as a result of the same public offering. However, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with Arrow. This definition of Change of Control shall be interpreted in accordance with, and in a manner that will bring the definition into compliance with, the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. (j) "Change of Control Termination Total Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (k) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (1) "Designated Area" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof. 15 

(m) "Developments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 11 hereof. (n) "Effective Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. ( o) "Employment" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph I hereof. (p) "Excise Tax" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (q) "Executive" shall mean Penko K. Ivanov. (r) "Financial Institution" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof. (s) ''Non-Acceptance" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (t) "Non-Offer" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (u) "Non-Renewal" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (v) "Pay-out Period" shall mean the period commencing on the date of Termination of Employment and ending two years thereafter. (w) "Replacement Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (x) "Retired Early Employee" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6 hereof. (y) "Retirement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 7(f)(i) hereof. (z) "Section 4999 Determination" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(ii) hereof. (aa) "Target Bonus" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 5(b) hereat: (bb) "Term" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(a) hereof. (cc) "Termination of Employment" or "Termination of Employment of Executive" means the separation from service of the Executive, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code, with and from Arrow and its Affiliates. Generally, for purposes of Section 409A, a separation from service means a decrease in the performance of services to no more than 20% of the average for the preceding 36-month period, disregarding leaves of absence of up to six months where there is a reasonable expectation the Executive will return. (dd) "Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee" means a Termination of Employment of Executive pursuant to Paragraph 6(a) hereof, that is, either a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause or a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, in either case, following a Change in Control and otherwise meeting the requirements of Paragraph 6(a) hereof. 16 

(ee) uTermination of Employment of Executive for Cause" shall mean a termination of the Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank pursuant to Paragraph 7(a) for any one or more of the following "Causes:" (i) any willful misconduct by the Executive which is materially injurious to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates, monetarily or otherwise; (ii) any willful failure by the Executive to follow the reasonable directions of the Arrow Board or the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank; (iii) any failure by the Executive substantially to perform any reasonable and lawful directions of the Arrow Board or either of the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank (other than failure resulting from disability or death), within thirty (30) days after delivery to the Executive by the respective Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank of a written demand for substantial performance, which written demand shall specifically identify the manner in which such board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank believes that the Executive has not substantially performed; (iv) any inability of the Executive to serve as an officer or director of Arrow or any Affiliate, or perform any substantial portion of Executive's duties hereunder, by reason of any order of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency, or any other regulatory authority or agency having jurisdiction over Arrow or any of its Affiliates; (v) intentionally providing false or misleading information to, or otherwise misleading, the Arrow Board, the Bank Board or any committee thereof; (vi) habitual insobriety, abuse of prescribed drugs, or illegal use of controlled substances that materially impairs the Executive's ability to perform his duties hereunder and/or negatively reflects upon Arrow and/or the Bank or their reputation; or (vii) any breach of this Agreement that has a material and/or adverse economic effect on Arrow or the Bank taken as a whole, if not cured within 30 days from Executive's receipt from Arrow or the Bank of written notice thereof, specifying in reasonable detail the alleged breach; (viii) engaging in or directing others to engage in an act or omission, or series of actions, deemed to be fraudulent, dishonest or unlawful; (ix) any knowing and material violation of the Executive of corporate policies and procedures that result in the damage to the business or reputation of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates, including without limitation, Arrow's and the Bank' codes of conduct, code of ethics, conflict of interest policies, or policies prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation; (x) any knowing breach of the fiduciary duty or duty ofloyalty of the Executive; or 17 

(xi) any demonstrated incompetence of the Executive. (ff) "Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason" means any Termination of Employment of Executive, effected by the Executive, in his sole discretion, following Executive's discovery of a Good Reason for such Termination of Employment (as defined below), and meeting all of the requirements for such Termination of Employment set forth below. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(c) of this Agreement unless it meets all of the conditions for a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank, which written notice must be delivered, if such Termination of Employment is to become effective, not later than ninety (90) days after the discovery by the Executive of the Good Reason underlying such Termination of Employment (and, if the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, not later than one (1) year after the date of the Change in Control the occurrence of which is a pre-condition to the right of Executive to effect such a Termination of Employment under Paragraph 6(a)). The written notice of termination delivered by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank shall (i) state that the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(c), as appropriate, (ii) identify with reasonable particularity the Good Reason or Good Reasons underlying the Termination of Employment, and (iii) specify the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the delivery of such notice to Arrow or the Bank, as determined by the Executive. If, prior to the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive specified in the written notice, Arrow or the Bank is able to remedy in full, and remedies in full, the circumstances underlying or constituting the Good Reason or Good Reasons identified by the Executive in the written notice, then such Good Reason or Good Reasons shall be deemed cured and the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed null and void, effective upon execution of written affidavit of cure signed by Arrow and the Bank and consented to by the Executive, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, "Good Reason" shall mean (i) the occurrence of a Non-Offer of a Replacement Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) hereof; (ii) a material diminution in the Executive's title, authority, duties, or responsibilities without the Executive's prior consent; (iii) Executive is required to relocate more than 100 miles from the base location at which Executive currently performs his employment duties without the Executive's prior consent; or (iv) the occurrence of a material breach by the Company of any provision of this Agreement. (gg) "Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause" means any Termination of Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank prior to normal expiration of the Term of Employment hereunder, for any reason or no reason, that does not qualify as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause or otherwise meet the definition of any other Termination of Employment of Executive hereunder. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement unless it meets all the conditions for a Termination of Employment of 18 

Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by Arrow or either of the Bank to Executive, stating that such Termination of Employment is a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement, as appropriate, and specifying the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than ninety (90) days after the date of delivery of such notice to Executive, as determined by Arrow or either of the Bank. Arrow and/or either of the Bank may relieve the Executive of all duties and place the Executive on a paid administrative leave during the notice period. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause (including the delivery of the required written notice of termination) shall require the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or Bank Board (excluding the Executive ifhe is a Board Member). 13. Return of Property. Executive agrees to return to the Company, on or prior to his Termination of Employment, all property and any information (including any copies thereof, electronic or otherwise) that Executive has received, prepared or helped to prepare during the course of Executive's employment with the Company or is otherwise in his possession except that Executive may retin copies of materials relating to his compensation or benefits. In addition Executive will provide the Company with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for the Company to access materials on which Executive worked or to otherwise continue in their respective businesses. 14. Legal Proceedings. Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company and its legal counsel, and to furnish any and all complete and truthful information, testimony or affidavits, in connection with any matter that arose during his employment with the Company or in connection with any litigation, governmental proceeding or investigation, arbitration or claim, that in any way relates to the business or operations of the Company, or of which Executive may have any knowledge or involvement. Executive will make his best efforts to consult with and provide information to the Company and its legal counsel concerning all such matters, and appear as and when requested to provide any such information, assistance or testimony on reasonable notice. The Company will use reasonable efforts to have such cooperation performed at reasonable times and places and in a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with any other employment or other business activity in which Executive may then be engaged. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Executive to provide any testimony, sworn statement or declaration that is not complete and truthful. If the Company requires Executive to travel outside the metropolitan area in the United States where he then resides to provide any testimony or otherwise provide any such assistance, then the Company agrees to reimburse Executive for any reasonable, customary and necessary travel and lodging expenses incurred by him in connection therewith provided Executive submits all documentation required under Employer's reimbursement policies and as otherwise may be required to satisfy any requirements under applicable tax laws for the Company to deduct those expenses. To the extent that Executive is required to spend significant time assisting the Company as contemplated under this Section 14, Employer shall compensate the Executive at a reasonable hourly rate to be agreed upon by the parties, each party acting reasonably. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Executive from giving truthful testimony or information to law enforcement entities, administrative agencies or courts or in any other legal proceedings as required by law, including, but not limited to, 19 

assisting in an investigation or proceeding brought by any governmental or regulatory body or official related to alleged violations of any law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 15. Successors and Assigns; Assumption by Successors. This Agreement is a personal services contract which may not be assigned by Arrow or the Bank to, or assumed from Arrow or the Bank by, any other party without the prior consent of the Executive. All rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their personal or legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns. Arrow will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, assignment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Arrow in any consensual transaction expressly to assume this Agreement and to agree to perform hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent that Arrow would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. References herein to "Arrow" or the "Bank" will be understood to refer to the successor or successors of Arrow or the Bank, respectively. 16. Notices. Any notice required or desired to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the addresses of the other parties set forth in the first Paragraph of this Agreement, provided that all notices to Arrow or the Bank shall be directed in each case to the Chief Executive Officer thereof. 17. Waiver of Breach. Waiver by any party of a breach of any provision shall not operate as or be construed a waiver by such party of any subsequent breach hereof. 18. Invalidity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect. 19. Entire Agreement; Written Modification; Termination. This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the parties concerning the employment of the Executive by Arrow and the Bank. No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless in writing specifically referring hereto and signed by the party against whom such provision as modified or amended or such waiver is sought to be enforced. This Agreement shall terminate as of the time Arrow or the Bank makes the final payment which it may be obligated to pay hereunder or provides the final benefit which it may be obligated to provide hereunder, or, if later, as of the time the last remaining restriction set forth in Paragraph 9 expires. Paragraphs 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 through 25 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 20. Performance by Arrow or the Bank. Performance under this Agreement by Arrow and the Bank, including the payment of any amounts provided for hereunder, are subject to applicable law and regulation including payments prohibited under 12 CFR 359 and any other payment restrictions on executive compensation under applicable banking law and regulation. Any obligation of Arrow or the Bank to make a payment under any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed an obligation of both parties to make such payment, and the making of such payment by either such party shall be deemed performance of the obligation to pay by both such parties. 20 

21. Company Policies or Guidelines; Clawback. (a) In consideration of the Executive's employment with Arrow and the Bank, Executive agrees that his compensation and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise by Arrow or the Bank are subject to (i) applicable laws and regulations as are in effect from time to time, and (ii) current or subsequently adopted policies or guidelines issued by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board, in each case, impacting such compensation or benefits pursuant to the terms of such applicable laws, regulations, policies or guidelines ( e.g., clawback or incentive compensation recoupment policies and/or stock ownership guidelines). (b) Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with Arrow or either which is subject to recovery under any clawback or other policy adopted by Arrow or Arrow Bank National Association from time to time or any other law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such policy, law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement. Arrow and/or Arrow Bank National Association will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable policy, law, regulation or requirement. 22. Counterparts. This Agreement may be made and executed in counterparts, in which case all counterparts shall be deemed to constitute one original document for all purposes. 23. Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by and is to be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of law principles. 24. Section 409 A Compliance. The parties intend that all provisions of this Agreement comply with the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable. No provision of this Agreement shall be operative to the extent that it will result in the imposition of the additional tax described in Code Section 409A(a)(l)(B)(i)(II). If any provision hereof is reasonably deemed to contradict Section 409A, the parties agree to revise, to the extent practicable, the Agreement as necessary to comply with Section 409A and fulfill the purpose of the voided provision. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to pennit accelerated payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, as defined in Section 409A, or any other payment in violation of the requirements of Section 409A. With respect to reimbursements that constitute taxable income to Executive, no such reimbursements or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any calendar year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year and Executive's right to reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation in exchange for any other benefit. 25. Authorization. Arrow and the Bank represent and warrant that the execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by resolution of their respective boards or committees thereof, as applicable. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed or caused to be executed this Agreement effective as of the date hereof. -r+- F ebruary iL___, 2025 . -f\' February ~ ' 2025 ~ February ~ ' 2025 ARROW FINANCIAL CORP~ By: DM- #-tlo David S. De Marco, President and CEO 22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>yrsha2025.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.5
<TEXT>
yrsha2025

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT is effective as of February 1, 2025 ("Agreement") among ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a New York corporation with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 ("Arrow"), its wholly-owned subsidiary, ARROW BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association with its principal place of business at 250 Glen Street, Glens Falls, New York 12801 and MARC J. YRSHA 19 Oak Tree Circle Drive, Queensbury, New York 12804 (the "Executive"). Arrow Bank National Association is referred to herein as the "Bank" and the Bank and Arrow are collectively referred to herein as the "Company." The effective date of this Agreement shall be February 1, 2025 (the "Effective Date"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otheiwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in Paragraph 12 of this Agreement. Recitals WHEREAS, Arrow and the Bank consider the maintenance of a competent and experienced executive management team to be essential to the long-term success of Arrow and the Bank; and WHEREAS, the Executive wishes to continue to serve Arrow and the Bank as part of such executive management team; and WHEREAS, in this regard, Arrow and the Bank, on the one hand, and the Executive, on the other, have determined that it is in the best interests of all of the parties that the Executive serve as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer of the Bank, pursuant to a written employment agreement and in order to secure Executive's services and skills, which are considered extraordinary, special and unique for its business and the long-term success thereof; and WHEREAS, the parties have agreed that this Agreement will supersede and replace any and all agreements, written or oral, previously in place regarding the employment of the Executive by either Arrow or the Bank, except for compensatory or employee benefit plans applicable to employees of Arrow and/or the Bank generally or to certain groups or sub-groups of employees of which the Executive is a member, and awards or award agreements issued to the Executive under such plans; and NOW, THEREFORE, in furtherance of the interests described above and in consideration of the respective covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Employment. Arrow and the Bank will employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to be employed by Arrow and the Bank, for the Term of this Agreement, as defined in Paragraph 2 (such employment, the "Employment"). Arrow and the Bank agree to employ the Executive to serve as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer of the Bank, with such duties as are described in Paragraph 3 and subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any termination of employment of Executive as the Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer of the Bank shall 

effect a termination of employment of Executive at all positions at Arrow, the Bank and their Affiliates. 2. Term. (a) Term. The term of Employment of the Executive under this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless the Executive becomes a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement or such Employment is earlier terminated as provided in Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, shall expire on the day before the second anniversary of the Effective Date. (b) Renewal. Notwithstanding Paragraph 2(a), on each anniversary of the Effective Date, the Agreement shall be deemed to have been automatically extended for successive periods of one year each, upon the same terms and conditions, unless Arrow, the Bank, or the Board of Directors, or the Executive shall have provided written notice of their intention not to extend the term of the Agreement to the other parties at least 30 days prior to the applicable Renewal Date. If the Term is automatically extended in accordance with this Paragraph 2(b ), then, during the remainder of the extended Term: (i) The Executive's Base Salary shall not be less than the Executive's Base Salary as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; (ii) subject to Paragraph 5(b) hereof, the Executive will be entitled to other benefits (not including discretionary benefits and awards) having an aggregate value to the Executive at least equal to the aggregate value of the other benefits provided to the Executive as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date; and (iii) the other terms and conditions relating to the Executive's position and duties, place of performance, rights upon a Change of Control of Arrow and rights in connection with any early Termination of Employment of the Executive shall be in each such instance at least as favorable to the Executive as the terms and conditions relating to such matters under this Agreement, and generally shall be as favorable to the Executive as is this Agreement, as of the day before the applicable Renewal Date. (c) Failure to Renew. If any party provides written notice to the other parties, at least 30 days prior to a Renewal Date, of their intention not to extend the Term of the Agreement, then: (i) the Term shall not be extended, but (ii) this Agreement and the Executive's employment hereunder shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of the unextended Term of this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, and the rights and obligations of each of the parties hereunder, including the rights and obligations of the parties under Paragraph 2(b), shall continue unchanged during the remaining Term of this Agreement, despite such failure to renew, except as may be specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement. 3. Position and Duties. The Executive shall serve as the Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer of Arrow and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer of 2 

the Bank and shall have such duties, responsibilities, and authority as normally attend such positions or as may reasonably be assigned to the Executive from time to time by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank. The Executive is employed in a position that involves and requires a high level of trust and confidence and requests a significant time commitment. The Executive agrees to act at all times with the highest level of loyalty and integrity toward Arrow and its Affiliates. The Executive agrees to act and perform his duties in a manner consistent with all federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as all Arrow and Bank policies, procedures, rules, guidelines, and operating procedures adopted from time to time. The Executive shall be responsible to obtain and maintain any licenses or certifications which may be required for the performance of his duties and shall comply with all laws, regulations and rules that apply to Arrow and its Affiliates. Notwithstanding the above, the Executive shall not be required to perform any duties that would result in Arrow's, the Bank's, or the Executive's non-compliance with, or any violation of, any applicable law, regulation, regulatory policy or other regulatory requirement. The Executive shall devote substantially all his working time and efforts to the business and affairs of Arrow and the Bank, provided however, that the Executive may, with the approval of the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, serve as a director or officer of any non-competing business or engage in any other activity, including but not limited to, charitable or community activity, to the extent that such does not inhibit the performance of his duties hereunder or otherwise violate this Agreement. 4. Place of Performance. In connection with the Executive's Employment hereunder, the Executive shall be based at the principal executive offices of Arrow or the Bank, except for required travel on business. Arrow or the Bank shall furnish the Executive with office space, administrative assistance, and such other facilities and services as shall be suitable to the Executive's position and adequate for the performance of his duties hereunder. 5. Compensation. (a) ~- The base annual salary ("Base Salary") of the Executive shall be $375,950.00, payable by Arrow and/or the Bank in equal bi-weekly installments (i.e., every two weeks) or at such other intervals as shall constitute the regular payroll practice of Arrow and/or the Bank. Such Base Salary shall be effective as of January 1st of each calendar year. The Executive's Base Salary may be increased from time to time in accordance with the normal business practices of Arrow and the Bank, as determined by the Arrow Board and the Bank Board, and, if so increased, such Base Salary shall not thereafter during the Term be decreased and the obligation of the Bank or Arrow hereunder to pay the Executive's Base Salary shall thereafter relate to such increased Base Salary. Compensation of the Executive by Base Salary payments shall not prevent the Executive from participating in any other compensation or benefit plan of Arrow or the Bank in which he is entitled to participate and participation in any such other compensation or benefit plan shall not in any way limit or reduce the obligation of each of Arrow and the Bank to pay the Executive's Base Salary hereunder. (b) Other Benefits. In addition to the compensation provided for in subparagraph (a) above, the Executive shall be entitled during the Term (i) to participate in any and all employee benefit programs or stock purchase programs of Arrow or the Bank now or hereafter in effect and open to participation by qualifying employees of Arrow or the Bank generally including, but 3 

not limited to, the retirement plan, supplemental retirement plan (make-up benefit feature), employee stock purchase plan and employee stock ownership plan of Arrow or the Bank, (ii) to participate in employee incentive plans (cash or equity, annual or long-term incentive), under which such plans awards are discretionary, including the Company's short-term incentive plan under which the Executive will be eligible to receive a discretionary cash bonus with the "Target Bonus" being set at forty percent (40%) of his Base Salary, less all necessary and required federal, state and local payroll deductions, and (iii) to enjoy certain personal benefits provided by Arrow or the Bank including, but not limited to: (i) life insurance on the life of the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (ii) disability insurance for the Executive, at no cost to the Executive, under a group plan maintained by Arrow; (iii) comprehensive medical and dental insurance under a group plan provided by Arrow, with the Executive to pay only those amounts required to be paid thereunder by covered employees generally under the cost-sharing arrangements in effect from time to time under such plan; (iv) reimbursement in full of all business, travel and entertainment expenses incurred by the Executive in performing his duties hereunder in accordance with Arrow's policies and guidelines regarding the same; and (v) fully paid vacation during each calendar year in accordance with the vacation policies of Arrow in effect from time to time. Neither Arrow nor the Bank shall make any material changes in any of the personal benefits specified in this Agreement adversely affecting the Executive ( excluding discretionary benefits and awards) unless such change occurs pursuant to a program applicable to all executive officers of Arrow or the Bank, as the case may be, and the adverse effect on the Executive is not proportionately greater than the adverse effect of the change on any other executive officer of Arrow or the Bank previously enjoying such benefit. Premiums for the above-described insurance programs will be payable in accordance with the Bank's regular monthly premium payments applicable to such insurance programs. Reimbursement of expenses shall not be paid later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. 6. Termination of Employment following Change of Control. (a) Retired Early Employee. If (i) a Change of Control occurs during the Term of Employment hereunder, and (ii) within twelve (12) months after such Change of Control, either (x) Arrow and the Bank deliver to the Executive an advance written notice of Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 12(gg) hereof or (y) the Executive delivers to Arrow and the Bank an advance written notice of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, which such notice shall comply with the requirements of Paragraph 12(ff) hereof 4 

then, upon subsequent effectiveness of such Termination of Employment (either such termination, if effected under this Paragraph 6(a), a "Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee"), the Executive (sometimes referred to herein as a "Retired Early Employee") will, following such a Termination of Employment, be entitled to receive, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, upon the effective date of such Termination of Employment, suchJ)ayments (in addition to any other payments then receivable by him) as are provided hereafter in this Paragraph 6. (b) Cash Payments and Benefits. (i) Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, in the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall, commencing on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8 and continuing throughout the Pay-out Period, make equal monthly payments to the Executive (which shall not be deemed Base Salary payments) in an amount such that the present value of all such payments, determined as of the date of such Termination of Employment, equals two (2) times the sum of the Executive's Base Salary and Target Bonus for the year in which advance written notice of termination of employment occurs. Subject to Paragraph 8, if at any time during the Pay-out Period the Arrow Board in its sole discretion shall determine, upon application of the Retired Early Employee supported by substantial evidence, that the Retired Early Employee has experienced an unforeseeable emergency, as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, Arrow or the Bank shall make available to the Retired Early Employee, in one (1) lump sum payment, an amount up to the amount needed to relieve such unforeseeable emergency (including taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of such lump sum payment) but not greater than the present value of all monthly payments remaining to be paid to him in the Pay-out Period, calculated as of the date of such determination by the Arrow Board, for the purpose of relieving such unforeseeable emergency to the extent the same has not been or may not be relieved by (A) reimbursement or compensation by insurance or othetwise, (B) liquidation of the Retired Early Employee's assets (to the extent such liquidation would not itself cause severe financial hardship), or (C) distributions from other benefit plans. If (I) the lump sum amount thus made available is less than (II) the present value of all such remaining monthly payments, Arrow or the Bank shall continue to pay to the Retired Early Employee monthly payments for the duration of the Pay-out Period, but from such date fotward such monthly payments will be in a reduced amount such that the present value of all such reduced payments, calculated as of the date of such determination, will equal the difference between (II) and (I), above. The Retired Early Employee may elect to waive any or all payments due him under this subparagraph. (ii) In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee, Arrow or the Bank shall provide the Executive during the Pay-out Period with medical, dental and life insurance coverage maintained by Arrow that is generally equivalent to the coverage held by the Executive (including dependent coverage, as applicable) immediately prior to such Termination of Employment, subject to general changes in such group plan offerings by Arrow or the Bank from time to time during the Pay-out Period and further subject to payment by the Executive of any amounts which would be required to be paid by the Executive if the Executive was then employed by Arrow or the Bank under the cost-sharing arrangements then in effect from time to time, which cost-sharing amounts may be deducted from the cash payments required to be made by Arrow or the Bank under Paragraph 6(b)(i) 5 

above. The cost of any such medical and dental coverage which is self-funded by Arrow or the Bank will be included in the taxable income of Executive to the extent it is paid directly or indirectly by Arrow or the Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Arrow's and the Bank obligations under this Paragraph 6(b )(ii) shall terminate to the extent that the Executive becomes eligible for medical, dental and life insurance coverage from a new employer; provided, however, that the Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement. ( c) Death of Retired Early Employee. If the Retired Early Employee dies before receiving all monthly cash payments payable to him as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6(b)(i) above, the Bank shall pay to the Executive's spouse, or if the Executive leaves no spouse, to the estate of the Executive, one (1) lump sum payment in an amount equal to the present value of all such remaining unpaid monthly payments, determined as of the date of death of the Executive. Such amount shall be paid within thirty (30) days of the Executive's death, provided that the spouse may not designate the calendar year of payment. (d) Indemnification of Executive. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, in the event a Change of Control and a Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee occurs, Arrow and the Bank shall indemnify the Executive for all legal fees and expenses subsequently incurred by the Executive in seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided under this Agreement related to such events, provided, however, that such right to indemnification will not apply if and to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that the Company did not breach its obligations under the Agreement or that any such fees and expenses have been incurred in whole or part as a result of the Executive's bad faith or assertion of claims that were unfounded or frivolous. Indemnification payments payable hereunder by Arrow and the Bank shall be made not later than thirty (30) days after a request for payment has been received from the Executive with such evidence of indemnifiable fees and expenses as Arrow or the Bank may reasonably request, provided, however, that such indemnification and reimbursement payments shall not be made later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expenses were incurred. (e) No Offset. Except as is contemplated by Paragraph 6(b)(ii) above or as permitted by applicable law, amounts payable to the Executive as a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 shall not be subject to any offset or reduction for (i) any amounts owed or claimed to be owed by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates or (ii) any amounts of compensation or income received or generated by the Executive as a result of any other employment or self-employment of the Executive during the Pay-out Period. The Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or gainful pursuit during the Pay-out Period as a result of this Agreement, and shall be prohibited from accepting certain other forms , of employment and from engaging in certain other types of business during the Pay-out Period ( as well as during certain other post-Termination of Employment periods) as and to the extent specified in Paragraph 9 of this Agreement. (f) Allocation. If the Executive should elect to become a Retired Early Employee under this Paragraph 6 and as a result of such election should become entitled to receive certain cash payments during the Pay-out Period as set forth above, Arrow shall determine, as soon as practicable following its receipt from the Executive of written notice of such election, the 6 

amount, if any, of such future cash payments that may properly be allocated to the Executive's future performance of his obligations not to compete with, solicit customers or employees from, or disparage Arrow or its Affiliates under Paragraph 9 of this Agreement, with such allocation to be expressed as a single dollar amount equal to the present value determined as of the date of Termination of Employment, of the amounts of the required future payments thus allocated. When thus determined, the dollar amount of this allocation shall be communicated by Arrow to the Executive. (g) Excess Parachute Payment. (i) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, to the extent that any Company provided payment, distribution or benefit in favor of the Executive (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations thereunder), whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise (the "Change of Control Termination Total Payments"), is or will be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), then the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the extent that, and only to the extent that, such reduction in the Change of Control Termination Total Payments would result in the Executive not being subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Executive shall have given prior written notice specifying a different order to the Company to effectuate the foregoing, the Company shall reduce or eliminate the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, by first reducing or eliminating the portion of the Change of Control Termination Total Payments which are payable in cash and then by reducing or eliminating non-cash payments, in each case in reverse order beginning with payments or benefits which are to be paid the farthest in time from the date of the Change of Control. Any notice given by the Executive pursuant to the preceding sentence shall take precedence over the provisions of any other plan, arrangement or agreement governing the Executive's rights and entitlements to any benefits or compensation. (ii) The determination of whether the Change of Control Termination Total Payments shall be reduced as provided in Paragraph 6(g)(i) above and the amount of such reduction (the "Section 4999 Determination") shall be made at the Company's expense by an accounting firm selected by the Executive from among the six largest accounting firms in the United States (or a regional accounting firm approved by the Company) or at the Executive's expense by an attorney selected by the Executive. Such accounting firm or attorney shall provide its Section 4999 Determination, together with detailed supporting calculations and documentation to the Company and the Executive not later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee. If such firm or attorney determines that no Excise Tax is payable by the Executive with respect to the Change of Control Termination Total Payments, it shall furnish the Executive with an opinion reasonably acceptable to the Executive that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to any such payments and, absent manifest error, such determination shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. If such firm or attorney determines that an Excise Tax would be payable, the Company shall have the absolute right to accept such determination as to the extent of the reduction, if any, pursuant to Paragraph 6(g)(i) above, or if the Company so chooses, at its sole discretion, to have such determination reviewed by another accounting firm selected by the Company, at the Company's expense. If the Company's 7 

accounting firm is different from an accounting firm that makes such determination, and does not agree with such latter accounting firm, a third accounting firm shall be jointly chosen by the two firms, in which case the determination of such third accounting firm shall be binding, final and conclusive upon the Company and the Executive. 7. Early Termination of Employment. In addition to any Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, a Termination of Employment of Executive may occur prior to the normal expiration of the Term under the circumstances and with the consequences set forth below. (a) Termination of Employment for Cause. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, and subject to the provisions of this Paragraph 7(a), either Arrow or the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause by Arrow and/or either of the Bank shall require the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or either of the Bank Board (excluding Executive ifhe is a Board Member). Once such a determination has been made, the Chair of the Arrow Board and/or the Bank Board shall give notice to the Executive in writing setting forth the "for Cause" reasons Arrow and/or a Bank effected such Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause. In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause, the Executive will not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow and/or either of the Bank. (b) Termination of Employment Without Cause. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, either Arrow and/or either of the Bank may effect, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(b), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph 12(gg) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6(a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7(b ). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Paragraph 7 (b ), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one ( 1) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the greater of (i) the total amount of Base Salary payments which would have been payable to the Executive during the period extending from such effective date until the normal expiration date of Employment under this Agreement as in effect at such time, had there been no early Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause (and assuming the Executive otherwise would have remained employed throughout such period and that his Base Salary would have remained unchanged throughout such period), or (ii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the current Base Salary of the Executive on the effective date of such Termination of Employment. 8 

(c) Termination of Employment for Good Reason. At any time during the Term of Employment under this Agreement, the Executive may effect at his own discretion, pursuant to this Paragraph 7(c), and in accordance with the requirements set forth in Paragraph 12(ff) below, a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, provided, however, that any attempt to do so under circumstances that would also qualify such Termination of Employment as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, that is, as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason following a Change in Control that meets the conditions set forth in Paragraph 6(a), will be deemed a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a), and not a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c). In the event of a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Paragraph 7(c), on the applicable payment date specified in Paragraph 8, and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified below in Paragraph 8, Arrow or the Bank shall pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive, one (1) lump sum payment in a dollar amount equal to the dollar amount of the lump sum payment the Executive would have been entitled to receive had a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 7(b) above occurred on such date, and under identical circumstances except for the identity of the party effecting such Termination of Employment and the existence of Good Reason. ( d) Termination of Employment for Disability. If, as a result of the Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness, the Executive shall not have performed his duties hereunder on a full-time basis for six (6) consecutive months, Arrow and /or either of the Bank may effect a Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability upon thirty (30) days' written notice. Such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Arrow Board and/or the Bank Board ( excluding the Executive if they are a Board Member). The compensation of the Executive during any period of disability prior to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability shall be the amounts normally payable to him in accordance with this Agreement, reduced by the sum of the amounts, if any, paid to the Executive for such period under disability benefit plans maintained by Arrow or the Bank. The Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation from Arrow or the Bank for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive for Disability, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank. ( e) Termination of Employment upon Death. Upon the death of Executive during the Term of Employment hereunder (and simultaneous Termination of Employment of Executive upon Death), the Executive's estate or beneficiaries, as applicable, shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the date of death, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank, including death benefits. (f) Other Early Terminations of Employment. The Employment of Executive may be terminated before the normal expiration of the Term hereof under certain other circumstances, not otherwise addressed in Paragraphs 6 or 7 hereof, as follows: (i) Retirement. Executive may terminate his Employment hereunder upon retirement at or after attaining retirement or early retirement age under any retirement plan of 9 

Arrow and its Affiliates then in effect with respect to which Executive is a covered person ("Retirement"). Upon any such Termination of Employment of Executive due to Retirement, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment for Retirement, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable post-retirement benefits and payments provided to or for the Executive under retirement, severance and similar plans of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates then in effect as to which the Executive participates. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a retirement except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such retirement of Executive shall be the thirtieth (30th) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (ii) Termination by Executive without Good Reason. If the Executive determines, at his own discretion, to terminate his Employment prior to the expiration of the Term of Employment hereunder, without Good Reason and in the absence of the Retirement or Disability of the Executive (any such, a "Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason"), including any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation for any period subsequent to the effective date of such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except for payments, if any, payable in accordance with the then current plans and policies of Arrow or the Bank including applicable qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plans or policies covering Executive or under any other applicable agreements with Executive. Under no circumstances will Executive effect a Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason, except after delivery of advance written notice thereof to Arrow or the Bank, and the effective date of any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Good Reason shall be the thirtieth (30th ) day following delivery of such written notice, or such other day as may be mutually agreed upon by Arrow and the Executive. (iii) Termination as a Result of Liquidation, Dissolution, Order, Etc. If the Employment of Executive by Arrow or the Bank is terminated prior to the expiration date of this Agreement as a result of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Arrow or the Bank or the involuntary closing of the Bank by bank regulators prior to such date, or by virtue of any order or decree of any court or administrative or regulatory agency or body with jurisdiction over Arrow or the Bank ordering or requiring the Termination of Employment of Executive by either or both such entities prior to such expiration date, Executive shall have no right to receive from Arrow or the Bank, and neither Arrow nor the Bank shall have any obligation to pay or provide to Executive, any compensation or benefits, other than such Base Salary payments and normal benefits as may be required to be paid or provided to the Executive through the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive; provided, however, that nothing herein shall reduce or affect any obligations that Arrow or the Bank may have to Executive under any other agreement with Executive or under any qualified or non-qualified employee benefit plan or policy covering Executive or under any plan of liquidation or dissolution adopted by Arrow or the Bank in connection with any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 8. Delayed Payment of Benefits; Conditions to Payment of Benefits. 10 

(a) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if the Executive is a "specified employee," as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, on the date of his Termination of Employment, amounts that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A that would otherwise have been paid during the six month period immediately following the date of such Termination of Employment shall be paid on the first regular payroll date immediately following the six-month anniversary of such Termination of Employment, with interest to be paid on each such amount, the payment of which is then delayed, at the rate of yield on U.S. Treasury Bills with the earliest maturity date that occurs at least six months after such date of such Termination of Employment (as reported in the Wall Street Journal) from such date of Termination of Employment to the date of actual payment. Reimbursements or payments directly to the service provider for health care expenses incurred during such six-month period, plus reimbursements and in-kind benefits in an amount up to the applicable dollar limit on elective deferrals to a 401(k) plan under Section 402(g)(l)(B) of the Code, and other amounts that do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall not be subject to such six-month delay requirement. (b) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, neither Arrow nor the Bank will have any obligation to make or commence any payment, or provide any benefit, provided for in Paragraphs 6(b), 7(b) or 7(c) unless and until Executive (1) first signs and delivers to Arrow and/or the Bank within 45 days of the date of Termination of Employment a separation and release agreement prepared by Arrow in a form acceptable to Arrow and which such agreement shall include a full release of Arrow, its Affiliates, employee benefit plans/trusts, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, administrators, trustees, fiduciaries, insurers, successors and assigns and such other provisions as are typically required by an employer therein, and (2) all conditions to the effectiveness of such separation and release agreement shall have been satisfied. Upon satisfaction of these conditions, the payments and benefits provided for in Paragraphs 6(b), 7(b) or 7(c) will be paid, or commence to be paid, on the later of (i) the first applicable regular payroll date of Arrow immediately following the 60th day anniversary of the date of Termination of Employment, without interest to be paid on such amount, or (ii) the date provided for in Paragraph 8(a), if applicable. Arrow agrees to provide to Executive within ten days of the Termination of Employment of Executive, the form of separation and release agreement required by it. 9. Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation; Non-Disparagement. Arrow and its Affiliates are engaged in the businesses of banking, lending, trust operations and providing financial, property, casualty and health insurance and investment adviser services and products ( collectively, the "Business"). As a senior executive, Executive provides services that are unique, special and/or extraordinary to the Business in which Arrow and its Affiliates engage, and have access to and will learn of trade secrets of Arrow and its Affiliates and confidential information pertaining to their customers. The provisions of Paragraphs 9 and 10 are agreed by the parties to be reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill of Arrow's and its Affiliates' Business, the good will of special/long-term customer relationships, Arrow's and its Affiliates' confidential information and trade secrets (including but not limited to information concerning their customers, marketing studies, marketing strategies, acquisition plans, costs, personnel and financial performance) and confidential customer information and to protect against unfair competition by an employee whose services are special, unique and/or extraordinary to the 11 

Business of Arrow and its Affiliates and their long-term success. Accordingly, the Executive agrees as follows: (a) Non-Compete. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason ( excluding death), including any Termination of Employment following a Change in Control under Paragraph 6 of this Agreement, the Executive will not, directly or indirectly: (I) engage in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial, property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services or products anywhere in the Designated Area or (2) manage, operate, or control, or accept or hold a position as a director, officer, employee, agent or partner of or adviser or consultant to, or otherwise perform substantial services for or provide advice to, any bank or insured financial institution or other corporation or entity engaged in the business of banking, lending, trust operations or providing financial, property, casualty, or health insurance or investment adviser services and products ( directly or through an affiliate), excluding Arrow and its Affiliates (any such other bank, institution, corporation or entity, a "Financial Institution"), if, as of the effective date of such Termination of Employment, such Financial Institution has any office or branch located within the Designated Area or has immediate plans to establish any office or branch within the Designated Area. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "Designated Area" as of any particular time will consist of all counties in the State of New York and any other state in which Arrow or any of its Affiliates maintains an office or branch through which it engages in Business or has acted to establish an office or a branch through which it will engage in Business. The provisions of this paragraph shall not prohibit Executive during such two-year period from working for a company whose principal business is providing property, casualty or health insurance, private equity investments, or serving as a securities broker if Executive is engaged solely in that business and not in the business of providing banking, lending or trust services. The term financial services means financial products associated with the business of banking, including in particular but not limited to Banking cards, debit cards, checking and savings accounts, and money market funds. (b) Non-Solicitation. For a period of two (2) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason (excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, (i) acting on behalf of any Financial Institution, regardless of where such Financial Institution is located or doing business, solicit any banking, lending or trust business or the business of providing financial, insurance or investment adviser services or products business for such Financial Institution from, or otherwise seek to obtain as a customer or client of such Financial Institution, any person or entity that, to the knowledge of the Executive, was a customer or client of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, and whom Executive, or anyone supervised directly or indirectly by Executive, worked with, at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment; or (ii) acting on behalf of any other corporation or entity, including any Financial Institution, regardless of where such other corporation or entity is located or doing business, employ, recruit or solicit as an employee of such corporation or entity or retain or seek to retain as an agent or consultant of such corporation or entity, any individual employed by or retained as an agent or consultant of Arrow or any of its Affiliates in furtherance of their 12 

Business at any point during the one-year period immediately preceding the effective date of such Termination of Employment if such individual possesses knowledge of any trade secrets or confidential customer information of Arrow or any of its Affiliates, or provided services that were unique and/or extraordinary to Arrow or its Affiliates in their Business and Executive worked with or directly or indirectly managed such individual at any time during the last year of Executive's Employment. (c) Non-Disparagement. For a period often (10) years following the effective date of Termination of Employment of the Executive by any party for any reason (excluding death), the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, make any statements, declarations, announcements, assertions, remarks, comments or suggestions, orally or in writing, that individually or collectively are, or may be construed as being, defamatory, derogatory, negative, or disparaging to Arrow or its Affiliates (including any successor to Arrow or its Affiliates by merger or acquisition or any of such successor's affiliates), or to any director, officer, controlling shareholder, member, employee or agent of any of the foregoing. Nothing in Paragraph 9(c) is intended to prohibit any truthful testimony to a court or governmental entity. It is the intention of the parties to restrict the activities of the Executive under this Paragraph 9 only to the extent necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests of Arrow and/or its Affiliates, and the parties specifically covenant and agree that should any of the clauses or provisions of the restrictions set forth herein, under any set of circumstances, be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective, then and in that event, the court so holding may reduce the extent or duration of such restrictions or effect any other change to such restrictions to the extent necessary to render such restrictions enforceable by said court to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. The enforceability of the provisions of this Paragraph 9 shall not be affected by the existence or non-existence of any agreement with similar terms between Arrow and another employee, or by the failure of Arrow or its Affiliates to enforce, or their agreement to waive or change, the terms of any such agreement with another employee containing similar terms. This Paragraph 9 shall survive termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms. 10. Confidential Information. The Executive specifically acknowledges that all information pertaining to Arrow or its Affiliates received by him during the course of his employment which has been designated confidential, constitutes a trade secret or otherwise has not been made publicly available, including, without limitation, plans, strategies, projections, analyses, and information pertaining to customers or potential customers, is the exclusive property of Arrow and its Affiliates and the Executive covenants and agrees not to disclose any of such information, without the express prior written consent of the Arrow Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow, during his employment hereunder or after Termination of Employment, to anyone not employed or engaged by Arrow or an Affiliate thereof to render services to it. Confidential Information does not include information which is generally known to the public through no wrongful act or omission of any party. The Executive further covenants and agrees that he will not at any time use any such information, without such express prior written consent, for his own benefit or the benefit of any party other than Arrow or its Affiliates. The Executive will provide Arrow or the Bank with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for Arrow or the Bank to access the matters on which the Executive worked or to otherwise continue their business. At the end of the Executive's employment, or 13 

whenever requested, the Executive agrees to promptly return all Confidential Information, in whatever form, in his possession or control. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or applied to prohibit the Executive from making any good faith report to any governmental agency or entity concerning any act or omission that Executive reasonably believes constitutes a possible violation of federal or state law or making other disclosures that are protected unde the anti retaliation or whistleblower provisions of any applicable federal or state law or regulation. In addition, nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Executive's ability to communicate with any governmental agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any governmental agency, including the Executive's ability to provide documents or other information, without notice to Arrow or the Bank. 11. Ownership of Inventions and Ideas. Executive acknowledges that the Company is the sole owner of all the results and proceeds of his service at the Company, including but not limited to, all patents, patent applications, patent rights, formulas, copyrights, inventions, developments, discoveries, other improvements, data, documentation, drawings, charts, and other written, audio and/or visual materials relating to equipment, methods, products, processes or programs in connection with or useful to the business of Arrow or any of its Affiliates ( collectively, the "Developments") which Executive, by himself or in conjunction with any other person, may conceive, make, acquire, acquire knowledge of, develop or create during Executive's employment with the Company, free and clear of any claims by Executive ( or any successor or assignee of Executive) of any kind or character whatsoever. Executive acknowledges that all copyrightable Developments shall be considered works made for hire under the Federal Copyright Act. Executive hereby assigns and transfers his right, title and interest in and to all such Developments and agrees that he shall, at the request of the Company, execute or cooperate with the Company in any patent applications, execute such assignments, certificates or other instruments, and do any and all other acts, as the Company may from time to time reasonably deem necessary or desirable to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, protect, enforce or defend the Company's right, title and interest in or to any such Developments. 12. Definitions. The following capitalized terms when used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings. (a) "Affiliate" means any corporation or other business entity that from time to time is, along with Arrow, a member of a controlled group of businesses, as defined in Sections 414(b) and 414(c) of the Code, provided that the language "at least 50 percent" shall be used instead of "at least 80 percent" each place it appears in such test. A corporation or other business entity is an Affiliate only while a member of such group. hereof (b) "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph (c) "Anniversary Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof: ( d) "Arrow" shall mean Arrow Financial Corporation. (e) "Arrow Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of Arrow. (f) "Bank" shall mean, collectively, Arrow Bank National Association. 14 

(g) "Bank Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Bank. (h) "Base Salary" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 5(a) hereof. (i) "Change of Control" means: (i) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Arrow; (ii) The acquisition by one person, or more than one person acting as a group, of ownership of stock of Arrow that, together with stock of Arrow acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group, constitutes 30% or more of the total voting power of the stock of Arrow; (iii) A majority of the members of the Arrow Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Arrow Board before the date of the appointment or election; or (iv) One person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or group) assets from Arrow that have a total gross fair market value ( determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets) equal to or more than 40% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of Arrow immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. Persons will not be considered to be acting as a group solely because they purchase or own stock of the same corporation at the same time, or as a result of the same public offering. However, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with Arrow. This definition of Change of Control shall be interpreted in accordance with, and in a manner that will bring the definition into compliance with, the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. (j) HChange of Control Termination Total Payments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (k) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (1) "Designated Area" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof. 15 

(m) "Developments" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 11 hereot: (n) "Effective Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. ( o) "Employment" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 1 hereot: (p) "Excise Tax" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(i) hereof. (q) "Executive" shall mean Penko K. Ivanov. (r) "Financial Institution" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 9(a) hereof. (s) "Non-Acceptance" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (t) "Non-Offer" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (u) "Non-Renewal" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (v) "Pay-out Period" shall mean the period commencing on the date ofTennination of Employment and ending two years thereafter. (w) "Replacement Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(b) hereof. (x) "Retired Early Employee" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6 hereof. (y) "Retirement" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 7(f)(i) hereof. (z) "Section 4999 Determination" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 6(g)(ii) hereof. (aa) "Target Bonus" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph S(b) hereof. (bb) "Term" shall have the meaning set forth in Paragraph 2(a) hereof. (cc) "Termination of Employment" or "Termination of Employment of Executive" means the separation from service of the Executive, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code, with and from Arrow and its Affiliates. Generally, for purposes of Section 409A, a separation from service means a decrease in the performance of services to no more than 20% of the average for the preceding 36-month period, disregarding leaves of absence of up to six months where there is a reasonable expectation the Executive will return. ( dd) "Termination of Employment of Executive as a Retired Early Employee'' means a Termination of Employment of Executive pursuant to Paragraph 6(a) hereof, that is, either a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause or a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, in either case, following a Change in Control and otherwise meeting the requirements of Paragraph 6(a) hereof. 16 

(ee) "Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause" shall mean a termination of the Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank pursuant to Paragraph 7(a) for any one or more of the following "Causes:" (i) any willful misconduct by the Executive which is materially injurious to Arrow or the Bank or their Affiliates, monetarily or otherwise; (ii) any willful failure by the Executive to follow the reasonable directions of the Arrow Board or the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank; (iii) any failure by the Executive substantially to perform any reasonable and lawful directions of the Arrow Board or either of the Bank Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank ( other than failure resulting from disability or death), within thirty (30) days after delivery to the Executive by the respective Board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank of a written demand for substantial performance, which written demand shall specifically identify the manner in which such board or the Chief Executive Officer of Arrow or the Bank believes that the Executive has not substantially performed; (iv) any inability of the Executive to serve as an officer or director of Arrow or any Affiliate, or perform any substantial portion of Executive's duties hereunder, by reason of any order of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency, or any other regulatory authority or agency having jurisdiction over Arrow or any of its Affiliates; (v) intentionally providing false or misleading information to, or otherwise misleading, the Arrow Board, the Bank Board or any committee thereof; (vi) habitual insobriety, abuse of prescribed drugs, or illegal use of controlled substances that materially impairs the Executive's ability to perform his duties hereunder and/or negatively reflects upon Arrow and/or the Bank or their reputation; or (vii) any breach of this Agreement that has a material and/or adverse economic effect on Arrow or the Bank taken as a whole, if not cured within 30 days from Executive's receipt from Arrow or the Bank of written notice thereof, specifying in reasonable detail the alleged breach; (viii) engaging in or directing others to engage in an act or omission, or series of actions, deemed to be fraudulent, dishonest or unlawful; (ix) any knowing and material violation of the Executive of corporate policies and procedures that result in the damage to the business or reputation of Arrow, the Bank or their Affiliates, including without limitation, Arrow's and the Bank' codes of conduct, code of ethics, conflict of interest policies, or policies prohibiting discrimination, harassment or retaliation; (x) any knowing breach of the fiduciary duty or duty ofloyalty of the Executive; or 17 

(xi) any demonstrated incompetence of the Executive. (ft) "Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason" means any Termination of Employment of Executive, effected by the Executive, in his sole discretion, following Executive's discovery of a Good Reason for such Termination of Employment (as defined below), and meeting all of the requirements for such Termination of Employment set forth below. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(c) of this Agreement unless it meets all of the conditions for a Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank, which written notice must be delivered, if such Termination of Employment is to become effective, not later than ninety (90) days after the discovery by the Executive of the Good Reason underlying such Termination of Employment (and, if the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) of this Agreement, not later than one (I) year after the date of the Change in Control the occurrence of which is a pre-condition to the right of Executive to effect such a Termination of Employment under Paragraph 6(a)). The written notice of termination delivered by the Executive to Arrow or the Bank shall (i) state that the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason is being effected under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(c), as appropriate, (ii) identify with reasonable particularity the Good Reason or Good Reasons underlying the Termination of Employment, and (iii) specify the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than one hundred eighty ( 180) days after the delivery of such notice to Arrow or the Bank, as determined by the Executive. If, prior to the effective date of the Termination of Employment of Executive specified in the written notice, Arrow or the Bank is able to remedy in full, and remedies in full , the circumstances underlying or constituting the Good Reason or Good Reasons identified by the Executive in the written notice, then such Good Reason or Good Reasons shall be deemed cured and the Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason shall be deemed null and void, effective upon execution of written affidavit of cure signed by Arrow and the Bank and consented to by the Executive, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. For purposes of any Termination of Employment of Executive for Good Reason, "Good Reason" shall mean (i) the occurrence of a Non-Offer of a Replacement Agreement pursuant to Paragraph 2(b) hereof; (ii) a material diminution in the Executive's title, authority, duties, or responsibilities without the Executive's prior consent; (iii) Executive is required to relocate more than I 00 miles from the base location at which Executive currently performs his employment duties without the Executive's prior consent; or (iv) the occurrence of a material breach by the Company of any provision of this Agreement. (gg) "Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause" means any Termination of Employment of Executive by Arrow and/or either of the Bank prior to normal expiration of the Term of Employment hereunder, for any reason or no reason, that does not qualify as a Termination of Employment of Executive for Cause or otherwise meet the definition of any other Termination of Employment of Executive hereunder. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement unless it meets all the conditions for a Termination of Employment of 18 

Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) hereunder, in which event it shall be deemed to have been effected under Paragraph 6(a). Any Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under this Agreement will be commenced upon, and only upon, delivery of advance written notice thereof by Arrow or either of the Bank to Executive, stating that such Termination of Employment is a Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause under Paragraph 6(a) or Paragraph 7(b) of this Agreement, as appropriate, and specifying the effective date of such Termination of Employment, which shall be a date not less than thirty (30) days nor more than ninety (90) days after the date of delivery of such notice to Executive, as determined by Arrow or either of the Bank. Arrow and/or either of the Bank may relieve the Executive of all duties and place the Executive on a paid administrative leave during the notice period. Any such Termination of Employment of Executive without Cause (including the delivery of the required written notice of termination) shall require the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the entire Arrow Board or Bank Board (excluding the Executive ifhe is a Board Member). 13. Return of Property. Executive agrees to return to the Company, on or prior to his Termination of Employment, all property and any information (including any copies thereof, electronic or otherwise) that Executive has received, prepared or helped to prepare during the course of Executive's employment with the Company or is otherwise in his possession except that Executive may retin copies of materials relating to his compensation or benefits. In addition Executive will provide the Company with all passwords and similar information which are reasonably necessary for the Company to access materials on which Executive worked or to otherwise continue in their respective businesses. 14. Legal Proceedings. Executive agrees to cooperate with the Company and its legal counsel, and to furnish any and all complete and truthful information, testimony or affidavits, in connection with any matter that arose during his employment with the Company or in connection with any litigation, governmental proceeding or investigation, arbitration or claim, that in any way relates to the business or operations of the Company, or of which Executive may have any knowledge or involvement. Executive will make his best efforts to consult with and provide information to the Company and its legal counsel concerning all such matters, and appear as and when requested to provide any such information, assistance or testimony on reasonable notice. The Company will use reasonable efforts to have such cooperation performed at reasonable times and places and in a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with any other employment or other business activity in which Executive may then be engaged. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted as requiring Executive to provide any testimony, sworn statement or declaration that is not complete and truthful. If the Company requires Executive to travel outside the metropolitan area in the United States where he then resides to provide any testimony or otherwise provide any such assistance, then the Company agrees to reimburse Executive for any reasonable, customary and necessary travel and lodging expenses incurred by him in connection therewith provided Executive submits all documentation required under Employer's reimbursement policies and as otherwise may be required to satisfy any requirements under applicable tax laws for the Company to deduct those expenses. To the extent that Executive is required to spend significant time assisting the Company as contemplated under this Section 14, Employer shall compensate the Executive at a reasonable hourly rate to be agreed upon by the parties, each party acting reasonably. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent Executive from giving truthful testimony or information to law enforcement entities, administrative agencies or courts or in any other legal proceedings as required by law, including, but not limited to, 19 

assisting in an investigation or proceeding brought by any governmental or regulatory body or official related to alleged violations of any law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 15. Successors and Assigns; Assumption by Successors. This Agreement is a personal services contract which may not be assigned by Arrow or the Bank to, or assumed from Arrow or the Bank by, any other party without the prior consent of the Executive. All rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their personal or legal representatives, heirs, successors and assigns. Arrow will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, assignment, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of Arrow in any consensual transaction expressly to assume this Agreement and to agree to perform hereunder in the same manner and to the same extent that Arrow would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. References herein to "Arrow" or the "Bank" will be understood to refer to the successor or successors of Arrow or the Bank, respectively. 16. Notices. Any notice required or desired to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the addresses of the other parties set forth in the first Paragraph of this Agreement, provided that all notices to Arrow or the Bank shall be directed in each case to the Chief Executive Officer thereof. 17. Waiver of Breach. Waiver by any party of a breach of any provision shall not operate as or be construed a waiver by such party of any subsequent breach hereof. 18. Invalidity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect. 19. Entire Agreement; Written Modification; Termination. This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the parties concerning the employment of the Executive by Arrow and the Bank. No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless in writing specifically referring hereto and signed by the party against whom such provision as modified or amended or such waiver is sought to be enforced. This Agreement shall terminate as of the time Arrow or the Bank makes the final payment which it may be obligated to pay hereunder or provides the final benefit which it may be obligated to provide hereunder, or, if later, as of the time the last remaining restriction set forth in Paragraph 9 expires. Paragraphs 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 through 25 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 20. Performance by Arrow or the Bank. Performance under this Agreement by Arrow and the Bank, including the payment of any amounts provided for hereunder, are subject to applicable law and regulation including payments prohibited under 12 CFR 359 and any other payment restrictions on executive compensation under applicable banking law and regulation. Any obligation of Arrow or the Bank to make a payment under any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed an obligation of both parties to make such payment, and the making of such payment by either such party shall be deemed performance of the obligation to pay by both such parties. 20 

21. Company Policies or Guidelines; Clawback. (a) In consideration of the Executive's employment with Arrow and the Bank, Executive agrees that his compensation and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise by Arrow or the Bank are subject to (i) applicable laws and regulations as are in effect from time to time, and (ii) current or subsequently adopted policies or guidelines issued by the Arrow Board or the Bank Board, in each case, impacting such compensation or benefits pursuant to the terms of such applicable laws, regulations, policies or guidelines ( e.g., clawback or incentive compensation recoupment policies and/or stock ownership guidelines). (b) Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based or other compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with Arrow or either which is subject to recovery under any clawback or other policy adopted by Arrow or Arrow Bank National Association from time to time or any other law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such policy, law, government regulation, or stock exchange listing requirement. Arrow and/or Arrow Bank National Association will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable policy, law, regulation or requirement. 22. Counterparts. This Agreement may be made and executed in counterparts, in which case all counterparts shall be deemed to constitute one original document for all purposes. 23. Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by and is to be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of law principles. 24. Section 409 A Compliance. The parties intend that all provisions of this Agreement comply with the requirements oflnternal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable. No provision of this Agreement shall be operative to the extent that it will result in the imposition of the additional tax described in Code Section 409A(a)(l)(B)(i)(II). If any provision hereof is reasonably deemed to contradict Section 409A, the parties agree to revise, to the extent practicable, the Agreement as necessary to comply with Section 409A and fulfill the purpose of the voided provision. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to permit accelerated payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, as defined in Section 409A, or any other payment in violation of the requirements of Section 409A. With respect to reimbursements that constitute taxable income to Executive, no such reimbursements or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any calendar year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year and Executive's right to reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation in exchange for any other benefit. 25. Authorization. Arrow and the Bank represent and warrant that the execution of this Agreement has been duly authorized by resolution of their respective boards or committees thereof, as applicable. rsIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed or caused to be executed this Agreement effective as of the date hereof. February ~ , 2025 February ~ , 2025 February ~ ' 2025 "EXECUfl Mar~ 22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>arow-20250129.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>arow-20250129_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>arow-20250129_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>demarco2025001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>demarco2025002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>demarco2025003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>demarco2025004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>demarco2025005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>demarco2025006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>demarco2025007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>demarco2025008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>demarco2025009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>demarco2025010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>demarco2025011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>demarco2025012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>demarco2025013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>demarco2025014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>demarco2025015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>demarco2025016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>demarco2025017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>demarco2025018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>demarco2025019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>demarco2025020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>demarco2025021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>demarco2025022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>demarco2025023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ivanov2025001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ivanov2025002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ivanov2025003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ivanov2025004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ivanov2025005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ivanov2025006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ivanov2025007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ivanov2025008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ivanov2025009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ivanov2025010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>ivanov2025011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ivanov2025012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>ivanov2025013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ivanov2025014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>ivanov2025015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>ivanov2025016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>ivanov2025017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>ivanov2025018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>ivanov2025019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>ivanov2025020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>ivanov2025021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>ivanov2025022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>kaiser2025001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>kaiser2025002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>kaiser2025003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>kaiser2025004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>kaiser2025005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>kaiser2025006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>61
<FILENAME>kaiser2025007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>kaiser2025008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>kaiser2025009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>kaiser2025010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>kaiser2025011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>kaiser2025012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>67
<FILENAME>kaiser2025013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>68
<FILENAME>kaiser2025014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>69
<FILENAME>kaiser2025015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>kaiser2025016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>71
<FILENAME>kaiser2025017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>72
<FILENAME>kaiser2025018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>73
<FILENAME>kaiser2025019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>74
<FILENAME>kaiser2025020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>75
<FILENAME>kaiser2025021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>76
<FILENAME>kaiser2025022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>77
<FILENAME>wise2025001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>78
<FILENAME>wise2025002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>79
<FILENAME>wise2025003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>80
<FILENAME>wise2025004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>81
<FILENAME>wise2025005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>82
<FILENAME>wise2025006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>83
<FILENAME>wise2025007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>84
<FILENAME>wise2025008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>85
<FILENAME>wise2025009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>86
<FILENAME>wise2025010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>87
<FILENAME>wise2025011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>88
<FILENAME>wise2025012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>89
<FILENAME>wise2025013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>90
<FILENAME>wise2025014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>91
<FILENAME>wise2025015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>92
<FILENAME>wise2025016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>93
<FILENAME>wise2025017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>94
<FILENAME>wise2025018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>95
<FILENAME>wise2025019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>96
<FILENAME>wise2025020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>97
<FILENAME>wise2025021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>98
<FILENAME>wise2025022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>99
<FILENAME>yrsha2025001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>100
<FILENAME>yrsha2025002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>101
<FILENAME>yrsha2025003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>102
<FILENAME>yrsha2025004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>103
<FILENAME>yrsha2025005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>104
<FILENAME>yrsha2025006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>105
<FILENAME>yrsha2025007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>106
<FILENAME>yrsha2025008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>107
<FILENAME>yrsha2025009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>108
<FILENAME>yrsha2025010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>109
<FILENAME>yrsha2025011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>110
<FILENAME>yrsha2025012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>111
<FILENAME>yrsha2025013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>112
<FILENAME>yrsha2025014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>113
<FILENAME>yrsha2025015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>114
<FILENAME>yrsha2025016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>115
<FILENAME>yrsha2025017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>116
<FILENAME>yrsha2025018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>117
<FILENAME>yrsha2025019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>118
<FILENAME>yrsha2025020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>119
<FILENAME>yrsha2025021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>120
<FILENAME>yrsha2025022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>122
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page

Jan. 29, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Entity Registrant Name ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NY

Entity File Number 0-12507

Entity Tax Identification Number 22-2448962

Entity Address, Address Line One 250 Glen Street

Entity Address, City or Town Glens Falls

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 12801

City Area Code 518

Local Phone Number 745-1000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, Par Value $1.00 per share

Trading Symbol AROW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000717538

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 29, 2025

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>123
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>124
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>125
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>127
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://arrowfinancial.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

arow-20250129.htm 
arow-20250129.xsd 
arow-20250129_lab.xml 
arow-20250129_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>129
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>130
<FILENAME>0000717538-25-000010-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>131
<FILENAME>arow-20250129_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000717538 

2025-01-29 
2025-01-29 

0000717538 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-29 
ARROW FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
NY 
0-12507 
22-2448962 
250 Glen Street 
Glens Falls 
NY 
12801 
518 
745-1000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par Value $1.00 per share 
AROW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>