<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000353184-25-000014.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0000353184-25-000014.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226163715
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000353184-25-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AIR T INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000353184
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COURIER SERVICES [4513]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				521206400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35476
		FILM NUMBER:		25670751

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11020 DAVID TAYLOR DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 305
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262
		BUSINESS PHONE:		980-595-2840

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11020 DAVID TAYLOR DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 305
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28262

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIR TRANSPORTATION HOLDING CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ATLANTA EXPRESS AIRLINE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840321
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>airt-20250226.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?airt-20250226

0000353184false00003531842025-02-212025-02-260000353184us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-212025-02-260000353184airt:CumulativeCapitalSecuritiesMember2025-02-212025-02-26

______________________________________________________________________________

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

______________________________________________________________________________

FORM 8-K

______________________________________________________________________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 21, 2025

______________________________________________________________________________

AIR T, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

______________________________________________________________________________

Delaware 

001-35476 

52-1206400

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

11020 David Taylor Drive, Suite 305,

Charlotte, North Carolina28262

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

________________(980) 595-2840__________________

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code

Not applicable___

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock AIRT 

NASDAQ Capital Market

Alpha Income Preferred Securities (also referred to as 8% Cumulative Capital Securities) (AIP) AIRTP 

NASDAQ Global Market

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On February 21, 2025, Mountain Air Cargo, Inc (MAC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Air T, Inc., entered into a $2,280,000 term loan with Bank of America, N.A.The term loan requires monthly interest payments commencing March 21, 2025 until payment in full on the February 21, 2030 maturity date.The loan also requires principal payments in equal monthly installments of $9,500 and MAC may prepay the loan at any time in full or in part without penalty.Interest on the loan is at the rate per year of Term SOFR (Adjusted Periodically) plus one and 75/100 percentage points (1.75%). To further secure the loan, MAC agreed to mortgage its real property at 5930 Balsom Ridge Road, Denver, North Carolina.On February 25, 2025, MAC entered into a swap agreement with Bank of America, N.A. to fix the interest rate at 5.99448%. 

The new loan with Bank of America contains a number of covenants, including but not limited to: providing financial information and statements , maintaining a fixed coverage ratio of at least 1.25:1.0, a limit on other debts and other liens, maintenance of assets, a limit on loans and investments,a prohibition on a change of ownership and additional negative covenants.

In connection with the financing, Alerus Financial, National Association entered into Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement and Consent (Amendment No. 2)on February 21, 2025.Amendment No. 2 provides for Alerus consent to the above-referenced transactions and updated the Credit Agreement dated as of August 29, 2024, as amended by amendment No. 1 and other Loan Documents dated as of January 21, 2025 to remove references to Term Loan B, permit the additional borrowings and remove the lien on the Denver, North Carolina real property.In connection with the amendment, Alerus also agreed to deliver documents terminating Alerus Deed of Trust and Assignment of Rents on the Denver, North Carolina real property. MAC used the proceeds of the new financing to repay Term Note B with Alerus.Air T, Inc. also acknowledged and agreed to the transactions.

The descriptions above are only a summary of the material provisions of the Bank of America Loan Agreement, Amendment No. 2 and Consent and the Air T Acknowledgment and Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of such documents a copy of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, 10.2, and 10.3 to this current report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 1.02 Termination of Material Definitive Agreements

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the termination of Term Note B with Alerus is hereby incorporated by reference in this Item 1.02.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference to this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

10.1 

Credit Agreement by and among Mountain Air Cargo, Inc., a North Carolina corporation and Bank of America, N.A., executed August 29, 2024, without exhibits or schedules.

10.2 

Form of Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement and Consent dated February 21, 2025 entered into by and among AirCo, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, Airco 2, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company, AirZona Aircraft Services, Inc., an Arizona corporation, AirCo Services, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, CSA Air, Inc., a North Carolina corporation, Global Ground Support, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, Jet Yard, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, Jet Yard Solutions, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, Mountain Air Cargo, Inc., a North Carolina corporation, Stratus Aero Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Worldwide Aircraft Services, Inc., a Kansas corporation, and Worthington Aviation, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, as Borrowers, Air T, Inc. as Loan Party Agent and Alerus Financial, National Association, without exhibits or schedules.

10.3 

Form of Acknowledgment and Agreement by Air T, Inc. to Alerus Financial, National Association executed February 21, 2025

104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 26, 2025

AIR T, INC.

By: /s/ Tracy Kennedy 

Tracy Kennedy, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
bofa-mountainaircargoloa

LOAN AGREEMENT This Agreement dated as of February 21, 2025, is between Bank of America, N.A. (the "Bank") and Mountain Air Cargo, Inc. (the "Borrower"). 1. DEFINITIONS In addition to the terms which are defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated for the purposes of this Agreement: 1.1 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 1.2 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 1.3 Environmental Agreement means, as applicable, the Indemnity Regarding Hazardous Substances section hereof or the environmental indemnity agreement of even date herewith by and between the Borrower or other applicable Obligor and the Bank pertaining to the Property, as the same may from time to time be extended, amended, restated or otherwise modified. The Environmental Agreement is unsecured. 1.4 Flood Insurance Laws means, collectively, (a) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, (b) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, and (c) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994, and any regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, each as amended and together with any successor law of such type. 1.5 Guarantor means any person, if any, providing a guaranty with respect to the obligations hereunder. 1.6 Land means the land described in and encumbered by the Mortgage. 1.7 Mortgage means the deed of trust or mortgage of even date herewith given by the Borrower or other applicable Obligor to the Bank to secure the obligations hereunder, except for obligations arising out of the Environmental Agreement, as the same may from time to time be extended, amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified. 1.8 Obligor means any Borrower, Guarantor and/or Pledgor, or if the Borrower is comprised of the trustees of a trust, any trustor. 1.9 Pledgor means any person, if any, providing a pledge of collateral with respect to the obligations hereunder. 2. FACILITY NO. 1 VARIABLE RATE TERM LOAN AMOUNT AND TERMS 2.1 Loan Amount. The Bank agrees to provide a term loan to the Borrower in the amount of Two Million Two Hundred Eighty Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($2,280,000.00) (the "Facility No. 1 Commitment"). 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 2 2.2 Availability Period. The loan is available in one disbursement from the Bank on the date of this Agreement. 2.3 Repayment Terms. (a) The Borrower will pay interest on March 21, 2025, and then on the same day of each month thereafter until payment in full of all principal outstanding under this facility. (b) The Borrower will repay principal in equal installments of Nine Thousand Five Hundred and No/100 Dollars ($9,500.00) beginning on March 21, 2025, and on the same day of each month thereafter, and ending on February 21, 2030 (the Repayment Period). In any event, on the last day of the Repayment Period, the Borrower will repay the remaining principal balance plus all interest then due. (c) The Borrower may prepay the loan in full or in part at any time. The prepayment will be applied to the most remote payment of principal due under this Agreement. 2.4 Interest Rate. (a) The interest rate is a rate per year equal to the Term SOFR (Adjusted Periodically) plus One and 75/100 percentage points (1.75%). (b) The interest rate will be adjusted on the first day of every month (the Adjustment Date) and remain fixed until the next Adjustment Date. If the Adjustment Date in any particular month would otherwise fall on a day that is not a banking day then, at the Banks option, the Adjustment Date for that particular month will be the first banking day immediately following thereafter (c) Term SOFR (Adjusted Periodically) is a rate of interest equal to the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate as determined for each Adjustment Date two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Adjustment Date (for delivery on the first day of such interest period) with a term of one month; provided that if such rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. Eastern time on such determination date then the rate will be the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such interest period. If at any time Term SOFR (Adjusted Periodically) is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph only: (i) CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. (ii) SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). (iii) SOFR Adjustment with respect to the Term SOFR (Adjusted Periodically), means 0.11448%. (iv) Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Bank) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Bank from time to time). (v) U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 3 its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 3. COLLATERAL 3.1 Real Property. (a) The Borrower's obligations to the Bank under this Agreement will be secured by a lien covering the following real property owned by Borrower: 5930 Balsom Ridge Road, Denver, Lincoln County, North Carolina. Tax Parcel Number: 86916 4. LOAN ADMINISTRATION AND FEES 4.1 Fees. The Borrower will pay to the Bank the fees set forth on Schedule A. 4.2 Collection of Payments; Payments Generally. (a) Regularly scheduled interest and principal payments will be made by debit to a deposit account, if direct debit is provided for in this Agreement or is otherwise authorized by the Borrower. For regularly scheduled interest and principal payments not made by direct debit and for all other payments, such payments will be made by such other method as may be permitted by the Bank. (b) Each disbursement by the Bank and each payment by the Borrower will be evidenced by records kept by the Bank which will, absent manifest error, be conclusively presumed to be correct and accurate and constitute an account stated between the Borrower and the Bank. (c) All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. 4.3 Direct Debit. (a) The Borrower agrees that on the due date of any amount due under this Agreement, the Bank will debit the amount due from deposit account number 237025491603 owned by Borrower, or such other of the Borrowers accounts with the Bank as designated in writing by the Borrower (the "Designated Account"). Should there be insufficient funds in the Designated Account to pay all such sums when due, the full amount of such deficiency shall be immediately due and payable by the Borrower. (b) The Borrower may terminate this direct debit arrangement at any time by sending written notice to the Bank at the address specified at the end of this Agreement. 4.4 Banking Days. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, a banking day is a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close, or are in fact closed, in the state where the Bank's lending office is located, and, if such day relates to amounts bearing interest at a Reference Rate, in New York City. All payments and disbursements which would be due or which are received on a day which is not a banking day will be due or applied, as applicable, on the next banking day. 4.5 Additional Costs. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 4 The Borrower will pay the Bank, on demand, for the Bank's costs or losses arising from any Change in Law which are allocated to this Agreement or any credit outstanding under this Agreement. The allocation will be made as determined by the Bank, using any reasonable method. The costs include, without limitation, the following: (a) any reserve or deposit requirements (excluding any reserve requirement already reflected in the calculation of the interest rate in this Agreement); and (b) any capital requirements relating to the Bank's assets and commitments for credit. Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of the adoption or taking effect of any new or changed law, rule, regulation or treaty, or the issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any governmental authority; provided that (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives issued in connection with that Act, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 4.6 Interest Calculation. Except as otherwise stated in this Agreement, all interest and fees, if any, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. This results in more interest or a higher fee than if a 365-day year is used. Installments of principal which are not paid when due under this Agreement shall continue to bear interest until paid. To the extent that any calculation of interest or any fee required to be paid under this Agreement shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 4.7 Default Rate. Upon the occurrence of any default or after maturity or after judgment has been rendered on any obligation under this Agreement, all amounts outstanding under this Agreement, including any unpaid interest, fees, or costs, will at the option of the Bank bear interest at a rate which is 4.0 percentage point(s) higher than the rate of interest otherwise provided under this Agreement. This may result in compounding of interest. This will not constitute a waiver of any default. 4.8 Taxes. If any payments to the Bank under this Agreement are made from outside the United States, the Borrower will not deduct any foreign taxes from any payments it makes to the Bank. If any such taxes are imposed on any payments made by the Borrower (including payments under this paragraph), the Borrower will pay the taxes and will also pay to the Bank, at the time interest is paid, any additional amount which the Bank specifies as necessary to preserve the after-tax yield the Bank would have received if such taxes had not been imposed. The Borrower will confirm that it has paid the taxes by giving the Bank official tax receipts (or notarized copies) within thirty (30) days after the due date. 5. CONDITIONS Before the Bank is required to extend any credit to the Borrower under this Agreement, it must receive any documents and other items it may reasonably require, in form and content acceptable to the Bank, including any items specifically listed below. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 5 5.1 Authorizations. Evidence that the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and any instrument or agreement required under this Agreement have been duly authorized. 5.2 Governing Documents. If required by the Bank, a copy of the Borrower's organizational documents. 5.3 KYC Information. (a) Upon the request of the Bank, the Borrower shall have provided to the Bank, and the Bank shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act. (b) If the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it shall have provided a Beneficial Ownership Certification to the Bank if so requested. 5.4 Perfection and Evidence of Priority. Evidence that the security interests and liens in favor of the Bank are valid, enforceable, properly perfected in a manner acceptable to the Bank and prior to all others' rights and interests, except those the Bank consents to in writing. 5.5 Payment of Fees. Payment of all fees, expenses and other amounts due and owing to the Bank. If any fee is not paid in cash, the Bank may, in its discretion, treat the fee as a principal advance under this Agreement or deduct the fee from the loan proceeds. 5.6 Good Standing. Certificates of good standing for the Borrower from its state of formation and from any other state in which the Borrower is required to qualify to conduct its business. 5.7 Insurance. Evidence of insurance coverage, as required in the "Covenants" section of this Agreement. 5.8 Environmental Information. An environmental site assessment prepared by a qualified third party consultant approved by the Bank concerning any potential toxic or hazardous condition with respect to the real property collateral, together with a certification signed by the Borrower regarding the environmental information provided to the Bank. 5.9 Deed of Trust. Signed and acknowledged original deed of trust encumbering the real property collateral. 5.10 Title Insurance. An ALTA lender's title insurance policy (on a form acceptable to the Bank and from a title company acceptable to the Bank), for at least Two Million Two Hundred Eighty Thousand and No/100 Dollars 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 6 ($2,280,000.00), insuring the Bank's interest in the real property collateral, with only such exceptions as may be approved by the Bank and together with such endorsements as the Bank may require. 5.12 Tenant Agreements. A Subordination, Nondisturbance and Attornment Agreement and an estoppel certificate from any tenants leasing the real property collateral. 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES When the Borrower signs this Agreement, and until the Bank is repaid in full, the Borrower makes the following representations and warranties. Each request for an extension of credit constitutes a renewal of these representations and warranties as of the date of the request: 6.1 Formation. The Borrower is duly formed and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation. 6.2 Authorization. This Agreement, and any instrument or agreement required under this Agreement, are within the Borrower's powers, have been duly authorized, and do not conflict with any of its organizational papers. 6.3 Beneficial Ownership Certification. The information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification most recently provided to the Bank, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 6.4 Good Standing. In each state in which the Borrower does business, it is properly licensed, in good standing, and, where required, in compliance with fictitious name (e.g. trade name or d/b/a) statutes. 6.5 Government Sanctions. (a) The Borrower represents that no Obligor, nor any affiliated entities of any Obligor, subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any owner, trustee, director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative of the Borrower or any other Obligor is an individual or entity (Person) currently the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Borrower or any other Obligor located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions. (b) The Borrower represents and covenants that it will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the credit provided under this Agreement, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 7 6.6 Financial Information. All financial and other information that has been or will be supplied to the Bank is sufficiently complete to give the Bank accurate knowledge of the Borrower's (and any other Obligor's) financial condition, including all material contingent liabilities. Since the date of the most recent financial statement provided to the Bank, there has been no material adverse change in the business condition (financial or otherwise), operations, properties or prospects of the Borrower (or any other Obligor). 6.7 Lawsuits. There is no lawsuit, tax claim or other dispute pending or threatened against the Borrower or any other Obligor which, if lost, would impair the Borrower's or such Obligors financial condition or ability to repay its obligations as contemplated by this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby, except as have been disclosed in writing to the Bank prior to the date of this Agreement. 6.8 Other Obligations. The Borrower and each Obligor is not in default on any obligation for borrowed money, any purchase money obligation or any other material lease, commitment, contract, instrument or obligation, except as have been disclosed in writing to the Bank prior to the date of this Agreement. 6.9 Tax Matters. The Borrower has no knowledge of any pending assessments or adjustments of income tax for itself for any year and all taxes due have been paid, except as have been disclosed in writing to the Bank prior to the date of this Agreement. 6.10 PACE Financing. The Borrower has not entered into any Property Assessed Clean Energy (PACE) or similar energy efficiency or renewable energy financing and has no knowledge of any pending assessments or adjustments in connection therewith. 6.11 Collateral. All collateral required in this Agreement is owned by the grantor of the security interest free of any title defects or any liens or interests of others, except for any Permitted Liens or any other liens which have been approved by the Bank in writing. 6.12 No Event of Default. There is no event which is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would be, a default under this Agreement. 6.13 ERISA Plans. (a) Each Plan (other than a multiemployer plan) is in compliance in all material respects with ERISA, the Code and other federal or state law, including all applicable minimum funding standards and there have been no prohibited transactions with respect to any Plan (other than a multiemployer plan), which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect. (b) With respect to any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA: (i) No reportable event has occurred under Section 4043(c) of ERISA which requires notice. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 8 (ii) No action by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to terminate or withdraw from any Plan has been taken and no notice of intent to terminate a Plan has been filed under Section 4041 or 4042 of ERISA. (c) The following terms have the meanings indicated for purposes of this Agreement: (i) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. (ii) "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. (iii) "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code. (iv) "Plan" means a plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA maintained or contributed to by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, including any multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 6.14 No Plan Assets. The Borrower represents that, as of the date hereof and throughout the term of this Agreement, no Borrower or Guarantor, if any, is (1) an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), (2) a plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code); (3) an entity deemed to hold plan assets of any such plans or accounts for purposes of ERISA or the Code; or (4) a governmental plan within the meaning of ERISA. 6.15 Enforceable Agreement. This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, and any instrument or agreement required under this Agreement, when executed and delivered, will be similarly legal, valid, binding and enforceable. 6.16 No Conflicts. This Agreement does not conflict with any law, agreement, or obligation by which the Borrower or any other Obligor is bound if such conflict could reasonably be expected, in the judgment of the Bank, to have a material adverse effect. 6.17 Permits, Franchises. The Borrower possesses all permits, memberships, franchises, contracts and licenses required and all trademark rights, trade name rights, patent rights, copyrights, and fictitious name rights necessary to enable it to conduct the business in which it is now engaged, unless the failure to possess such items could not reasonably be expected, in the judgment of the Bank, to result in a material adverse effect. 6.18 Insurance. The Borrower has obtained, and maintained in effect, the insurance coverage required in the "Covenants" section of this Agreement. 6.19 Flood Zone. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 9 None of the Improvements are located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as an area having special flood hazards, or, if any portion of the Improvements is located within such area, the Borrower or other applicable Obligor has obtained the insurance prescribed herein. For the purposes of this paragraph, Improvements means all on-site and off-site improvements to the Land for a structure located on the Land, together with all fixtures, tenant improvements and appurtenances now or later to be located on the Land and/or in such improvements. 7. COVENANTS The Borrower agrees, so long as credit is available under this Agreement and until the Bank is repaid in full, the Borrower shall: 7.1 Use of Proceeds. To use the proceeds of the credit extended under this Agreement only for business purposes. 7.2 Financial Information. To provide the following financial information and statements in form and content acceptable to the Bank, and such additional information as requested by the Bank from time to time. The Bank reserves the right, upon written notice to the Borrower, to require the Borrower to deliver financial information and statements to the Bank more frequently than otherwise provided below, and to use such additional information and statements to measure any applicable financial covenants in this Agreement. (a) Within 45 days after each period's end (including the last period in each fiscal year), quarterly financial statements of Borrower, certified and dated by an authorized financial officer. These financial statements may be company-prepared. (b) Promptly upon the Banks request such books, records, statements, lists of property and accounts, budgets, forecasts or reports as to the Borrower and as to each other Obligor as the Bank may request. 7.3 Basic Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. To maintain on a consolidated basis a Basic Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 1.25:1.0. "Basic Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of (a) the sum of EBITDA plus lease expense and rent expense, minus income tax, minus dividends, withdrawals, and other distributions, to (b) the sum of interest expense, lease expense, rent expense, the current portion of long term debt and the current portion of finance lease obligations (but expressly excluding any mandatory interest payments under the Alerus Loan Documents). "EBITDA" means net income, less income or plus loss from discontinued operations (including unusual and infrequent items, agreed to at the sole discretion of the Bank), plus income taxes, plus interest expense, plus depreciation, depletion, and amortization. This ratio will be calculated at the end of each reporting period for which the Bank requires financial statements, using the results of the twelve-month period ending with that reporting period. The current portion of long-term liabilities will be measured as of the date twelve (12) months prior to the current financial statement. 7.4 Other Debts. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 10 Not to have outstanding or incur any direct or contingent liabilities or lease obligations (other than those to the Bank or to any affiliate of the Bank, including for any swap obligations), or become liable for the liabilities of others, without the Bank's written consent. This does not prohibit: (a) Acquiring goods, supplies, or merchandise on normal trade credit. (b) Debt of Borrower existing under the Credit Agreement dated as of August 29, 2024 by and among the Borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, Air T, Inc., as loan party agent, and Alerus Financial, National Association (Alerus), as lender, and any other agreement entered into in connection with the Credit Agreement (the Alerus Loan Documents). (c) Any debt incurred to finance the acquisition, construction, or improvement of fixed or capital assets (including any finance leases) secured by a lien permitted under Section 7.5(e); provided that (i) such debt is incurred simultaneously with such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (ii) such debt when incurred shall not exceed the purchase price or the construction costs of the asset financed, (iii) the aggregate principal amount of debt permitted by this Section 7.4(c), shall not exceed $250,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding, and (iv) after giving effect to such acquisition, construction, or improvement of fixed or capital assets, Borrower remains in compliance with all obligations to Bank, including those provided by this agreement. (d) Liabilities, lines of credit and leases in existence on the date of this Agreement disclosed in writing to the Bank. 7.5 Other Liens. Not to create, assume, or allow any security interest or lien (including judicial liens) on property the Borrower now or later owns without the Bank's written consent. This does not prohibit (collectively, Permitted Liens): (a) Liens and security interests in favor of the Bank or any affiliate of the Bank. (b) Liens for taxes not yet due. (c) Liens in favor of Alerus under the Alerus Loan Documents existing on the date hereof. (d) Liens securing purchase-money debt permitted under Section 7.4(c). (e) Liens outstanding on the date of this Agreement disclosed in writing to the Bank, including on any title commitment delivered to the Bank. 7.6 Maintenance of Assets. (a) Not to sell, assign, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any part of the Borrower's business or the Borrower's assets except inventory sold in the ordinary course of the Borrower's business. (b) Not to sell, assign, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets for less than fair market value, or enter into any agreement to do so. (c) Not to enter into any sale and leaseback agreement covering any of its fixed assets. (d) To maintain and preserve all rights, privileges, and franchises the Borrower now has. (e) To make any repairs, renewals, or replacements to keep the Borrower's properties in good working condition. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 11 7.7 Investments. Not to have any existing, or make any new, investments in any individual or entity, or make any capital contributions without the Bank's written consent, except for: (a) Existing investments disclosed to the Bank in writing prior to the date of this Agreement. (b) any investments in the form of any acquisition of Royal Aircraft Services and any other acquisitions of a business entity or assets with the Banks written consent (a Permitted Acquisition). (c) Investments in any of the following: (i) certificates of deposit and other cash equivalent investments; (ii) U.S. treasury bills and other obligations of the federal government; (iii) readily marketable securities (including commercial paper, but excluding restricted stock and stock subject to the provisions of Rule 144 of the Securities and Exchange Commission). 7.8 Loans Not to make any loans, advances or other extensions of credit to any individual or entity, except for: (a) Existing extensions of credit disclosed to the Bank in writing prior to the date of this Agreement. (b) Extensions of credit to the Borrowers current subsidiaries or affiliates. (c) Extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the sale or lease of goods or services in the ordinary course of business to non-affiliated entities. 7.9 Change of Ownership. The Borrower shall fail to be wholly owned by Air T, Inc., the direct owner of the Borrower as of the date hereof. 7.10 Additional Negative Covenants. Not to, without the Bank's written consent: (a) Enter into any consolidation, merger, or other combination, or become a partner in a partnership, a member of a joint venture, or a member of a limited liability company. (b) Acquire or purchase a business or its assets. (c) Engage in any business activities substantially different from the Borrower's present business. (d) Liquidate or dissolve any Obligors business. (e) Apply for or accept any PACE or similar energy efficiency or renewable energy financing. (f) With respect to any Obligor which is a business entity, adopt a plan of division or divide itself into two or more business entities (pursuant to a plan of division under Section 18-217 of the 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 12 Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or a similar arrangement under any other applicable state statute). (g) Voluntarily suspend its business for more than ten (10) days in any thirty (30) day period. 7.11 Notices to Bank. To promptly notify the Bank in writing of: (a) Any event of default under this Agreement, or any event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of default. (b) Any change in any Obligors name, legal structure, principal residence, state of registration, place of business, or chief executive office if the Obligor has more than one place of business. (c) Any lawsuit in which the claim for damages exceeds $250,000 against the Borrower or any other Obligor. (d) Any substantial dispute between any governmental authority and the Borrower or any other Obligor. 7.12 Insurance. (a) General Business Insurance. To maintain insurance satisfactory to the Bank as to amount, nature and carrier covering property damage (including loss of use and occupancy) to any of the Obligors properties, business interruption insurance, public liability insurance including coverage for contractual liability, product liability and workers' compensation, and any other insurance which is usual for such Obligors business. Each policy shall include a cancellation clause in favor of the Bank. (b) Insurance Covering Collateral. To maintain all risk property damage insurance policies (including without limitation windstorm coverage, flood coverage, and hurricane coverage as applicable) covering the tangible property comprising the collateral. Each insurance policy must be for the full replacement cost of the collateral and include a replacement cost endorsement. The insurance must be issued by an insurance company acceptable to the Bank and must include a lender's loss payable endorsement in favor of the Bank in a form acceptable to the Bank. (c) Evidence of Insurance. Upon the request of the Bank, to deliver to the Bank a copy of each insurance policy, or, if permitted by the Bank, a certificate of insurance listing all insurance in force. 7.13 Compliance with Laws. To comply with the requirements of all laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to cause a material adverse change in any Obligor's business condition (financial or otherwise), operations or properties, or ability to repay the credit, or, in the case of the Controlled Substances Act, result in the forfeiture of any material property of any Obligor. 7.14 Books and Records. To maintain adequate books and records, including complete and accurate records regarding all Collateral. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 13 7.15 Audits. To allow the Bank and its agents to inspect the Borrower's properties and examine, audit, and make copies of books and records at any time. If any of the Borrower's properties, books or records are in the possession of a third party, the Borrower authorizes that third party to permit the Bank or its agents to have access to perform inspections or audits and to respond to the Bank's requests for information concerning such properties, books and records. 7.16 Perfection of Liens. To help the Bank perfect and protect its security interests and liens, and reimburse it for related costs it incurs to protect its security interests and liens. 7.17 Cooperation. To take any action reasonably requested by the Bank to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 7.18 Patriot Act; Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Promptly following any request therefor, to provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Bank for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 7.19 No Consumer Purpose. Not to use this loan for personal, family, or household purposes. The Bank may provide the Borrower (or any other Obligor) with certain disclosures intended for loans made for personal, family, or household purposes. The fact that the Bank elects to make such disclosures shall not be deemed a determination by the Bank that the loan will be used for such purposes. 7.20 Flood and Other Insurance. If at any time any portion of any structure on the Property is insurable against casualty by flood and is located in a Special Flood Hazard Area under the Flood Insurance Laws, as amended, a flood insurance policy on the structure and the personal property owned by the Borrower or other applicable Obligor located within the structure and acting as collateral under this Agreement, in form and amount acceptable to the Bank but in no amount less than the amount sufficient to meet the requirements of the Flood Insurance Laws as such requirements may from time to time be in effect. In addition, the Borrower and such Obligor shall maintain such other insurance as the Bank may require to comply with the Banks regular requirements and practices in similar transactions, which may include earthquake insurance and insurance covering acts of terrorism. For the purposes of this paragraph, Property means the real and personal property conveyed and encumbered by the Mortgage. 7.21 Inspections and Appraisals of Real Property. To allow the Bank and its agents to visit the real property collateral at any reasonable time for the purpose of inspecting the real property and conducting appraisals, and deliver to the Bank any financial or other information concerning the real property as the Bank may request. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 14 7.22 Use or Leasing of the Real Property Collateral. (a) To occupy the real property collateral for the conduct of its regular business. The Borrower will not change its intended use of the real property without the Bank's prior written approval. 7.23 Indemnity Regarding Use of Real Property. To indemnify, defend with counsel acceptable to the Bank, and hold the Bank harmless from and against all liabilities, claims, actions, damages, costs and expenses (including all legal fees and expenses of Bank's counsel) arising out of or resulting from the construction of any improvements on the real property collateral, or the ownership, operation, or use of the real property collateral, whether such claims are based on theories of derivative liability, comparative negligence or otherwise. The Borrower's obligations to the Bank under this Paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement and repayment of the Borrower's obligations to the Bank under this Agreement, and shall also survive as unsecured obligations after any acquisition by the Bank of the real property collateral or any part of it by foreclosure or any other means. 8. HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES 8.1 Indemnity Regarding Hazardous Substances. The Borrower will indemnify and hold harmless the Bank from any loss or liability the Bank incurs in connection with or as a result of this Agreement, which directly or indirectly arises out of the use, generation, manufacture, production, storage, release, threatened release, discharge, disposal or presence of a hazardous substance. This indemnity will apply whether the hazardous substance is on, under or about the Borrower's property or operations or property leased to the Borrower. The indemnity includes but is not limited to attorneys' fees (including the reasonable estimate of the allocated cost of in- house counsel and staff). The indemnity extends to the Bank, its parent, subsidiaries and all of their directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, attorneys and assigns. The Borrower agrees to indemnify and hold the Bank harmless from and against all liabilities, claims, actions, foreseeable and unforeseeable consequential damages, costs and expenses (including sums paid in settlement of claims and all reasonable, out-of-pocket consultant, expert and legal fees and expenses of the Bank's counsel) or loss directly or indirectly arising out of or resulting from any of the following: (a) Any hazardous substance being present at any time, whether before, during or after any construction, in or around any part of the real property collateral securing this Agreement (the Real Property), or in the soil, groundwater or soil vapor on or under the Real Property, including those incurred in connection with any investigation of site conditions or any clean-up, remedial, removal or restoration work, or any resulting damages or injuries to the person or property of any third parties or to any natural resources. (b) Any use, generation, manufacture, production, storage, release, threatened release, discharge, disposal or presence of a hazardous substance in violation of Environmental Laws. This indemnity will apply whether the hazardous substance is on, under or about any of the Borrower's property or operations or property leased to the Borrower, whether or not the property has been taken by the Bank as collateral. Upon demand by the Bank, the Borrower will defend any investigation, action or proceeding alleging the presence of any hazardous substance in violation of Environmental Laws in any such location, which affects the Real Property or which is brought or commenced against the Bank, whether alone or together with the Borrower or any other person, all at the Borrower's own cost and by counsel to be approved by the Bank in the exercise of its reasonable judgment. In the alternative, the Bank may elect to conduct its own defense at the expense of the Borrower. The Borrower's obligations to the Bank under this Article, 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 15 except the obligation to give notices to the Bank, shall survive termination of this Agreement, repayment of the Borrower's obligations to the Bank under this Agreement, and foreclosure of the deed of trust or mortgage encumbering the Real Property or similar proceedings. 8.2 Representation and Warranty Regarding Hazardous Substances. Borrower represents and warrants that to its actual knowledge, no hazardous substance has been disposed of or released or otherwise exists in violation of Environmental Laws, on, under or onto the Real Property, except as the Borrower has disclosed to the Bank in writing prior to the date of this Agreement. 8.3 Compliance Regarding Hazardous Substances. The Borrower has complied, and will comply and cause all occupants of the Real Property to comply, with all current and future laws, regulations and ordinances or other requirements of any governmental authority relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of health or the environment or hazardous substances (Environmental Laws). The Borrower shall promptly, at the Borrowers sole cost and expense, take all reasonable actions with respect to any hazardous substances or other environmental condition at, on, or under the Real Property necessary to (i) comply with all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) allow continued use, occupation or operation of the Real Property; or (iii) maintain the fair market value of the Real Property. The Borrower acknowledges that hazardous substances may permanently and materially impair the value and use of the Real Property. 8.4 Notices Regarding Hazardous Substances. Until full repayment of the loan, the Borrower will promptly notify the Bank in writing if it knows, suspects or believes there may be any hazardous substance in or around the Real Property in violation of Environmental Laws, or in the soil, groundwater or soil vapor on or under the Real Property, or that the Borrower or the Real Property may be subject to any threatened or pending investigation by any governmental agency under any current or future law, regulation or ordinance pertaining to any hazardous substance. 8.5 Site Visits, Observations and Testing. The Bank and its agents and representatives will have the right at any reasonable time, after giving reasonable notice to the Borrower, to enter and visit the Real Property and any other locations where any personal property collateral securing this Agreement is located, for the purposes of observing the Real Property and the personal property collateral, taking and removing environmental samples, and conducting tests on any part of the Real Property. The Borrower shall reimburse the Bank on demand for the reasonable, out-of-pocket costs of any such environmental investigation and testing. The Bank will make reasonable efforts during any site visit, observation or testing conducted pursuant to this paragraph to avoid interfering with the Borrowers use of the Real Property and the personal property collateral. The Bank is under no duty, however, to visit or observe the Real Property or the personal property collateral or to conduct tests, and any such acts by the Bank will be solely for the purposes of protecting the Bank's security and preserving the Bank's rights under this Agreement. No site visit, observation or testing or any report or findings made as a result thereof (Environmental Report) (i) will result in a waiver of any default of the Borrower; (ii) impose any liability on the Bank; or (iii) be a representation or warranty of any kind regarding the Real Property or the personal property collateral (including its condition or value or compliance with any laws) or the Environmental Report (including its accuracy or completeness). In the event the Bank has a duty or obligation under applicable laws, regulations or other requirements to disclose an Environmental Report to the Borrower or any other party, the Borrower authorizes the Bank to make such a disclosure. The Bank may also disclose an Environmental Report to any regulatory authority, and to any other parties as necessary or appropriate in the Banks reasonable judgment. The Borrower further understands and agrees that any Environmental Report or other information regarding a site visit, observation or testing that is disclosed to the Borrower by the Bank or its agents and representatives is to be evaluated (including any reporting or other disclosure obligations of the Borrower) by the Borrower without advice or assistance from the Bank. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 16 8.6 Definition of Hazardous Substances. "Hazardous substance" means any substance, material or waste that is or becomes designated or regulated as "toxic," "hazardous," "pollutant," or "contaminant" or a similar designation or regulation under any current or future federal, state or local law (whether under common law, statute, regulation or otherwise) or judicial or administrative interpretation of such, including without limitation petroleum or natural gas. 9. DEFAULT AND REMEDIES If any of the following events of default occurs, the Bank may do one or more of the following without prior notice except as required by law or expressly agreed in writing by Bank: declare the Borrower in default, stop making any additional credit available to the Borrower, and require the Borrower to repay its entire debt immediately. If an event which, with notice or the passage of time, will constitute an event of default has occurred and is continuing, the Bank has no obligation to make advances or extend additional credit under this Agreement. In addition, if any event of default occurs, the Bank shall have all rights, powers and remedies available under any instruments and agreements required by or executed in connection with this Agreement, as well as all rights and remedies available at law or in equity. If an event of default occurs under the paragraph entitled Bankruptcy/Receivers, below with respect to any Obligor, then the entire debt outstanding under this Agreement will automatically be due immediately. 9.1 Failure to Pay. The Borrower fails to make a payment under this Agreement when due. 9.2 Other Bank Agreements. (a) (i) Any default occurs under any other document executed or delivered in connection with this Agreement, including without limitation, any note, guaranty, subordination agreement, mortgage or other collateral agreement, (ii) any Obligor purports to revoke or disavow any guaranty or collateral agreement provided in connection with this Agreement; (iii) any representation or warranty made by any Obligor is false in any material respect when made or deemed to be made; or (iv) any default occurs under any other agreement the Borrower (or any Obligor) has with the Bank or any affiliate of the Bank. 9.3 Cross-default. Any default occurs under any agreement in connection with any credit any Obligor has obtained from anyone else in excess of $250,000 the effect of which default causes or permits the holder or beneficiary of such indebtedness to cause such indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity. 9.4 False Information. The Borrower or any other Obligor has made any representation to the Bank under this Agreement or any other document executed in connection with this Agreement that is false or misleading information in any material respect. 9.5 Bankruptcy/Receivers. Any Obligor or any general partner of any Obligor files a bankruptcy petition, a bankruptcy petition is filed against any of the foregoing parties, or any Obligor, or any general partner of any Obligor makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or a receiver or similar official is appointed for a substantial portion of any Obligor's business; or the business is terminated, or such Obligor is liquidated or dissolved. 9.6 Lien Priority. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 17 The Bank fails to have an enforceable first lien in the Property (except for any Permitted Liens or any prior liens to which the Bank has consented in writing). 9.7 Judgments. Any material judgments or arbitration awards are entered against any Obligor in an amount in excess of $100,000. 9.8 Material Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs, or is reasonably likely to occur, in any Obligor's business condition (financial or otherwise), operations or properties, or ability to repay its obligations as contemplated hereunder or under any document executed in connection with this Agreement. 9.9 Government Action. Any government authority takes action that the Bank believes materially adversely affects any Obligor's financial condition or ability to repay. 9.10 ERISA Plans. A reportable event occurs under Section 4043(c) of ERISA, or any Plan termination (or commencement of proceedings to terminate a Plan) or the full or partial withdrawal from a Plan under Section 4041 or 4042 of ERISA occurs; provided such event or events could reasonably be expected, in the judgment of the Bank, to have a material adverse effect. 9.11 Covenants. Any default in the performance of or compliance with any obligation, agreement or other provision contained in this Agreement (other than those specifically described as an event of default in this Article). 9.12 Forfeiture. A judicial or nonjudicial forfeiture or seizure proceeding is commenced by a government authority and remains pending with respect to any property of Borrower or any part thereof, on the grounds that the property or any part thereof had been used to commit or facilitate the commission of a criminal offense by any person, including any tenant, pursuant to any law, including under the Controlled Substances Act or the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act, regardless of whether or not the property shall become subject to forfeiture or seizure in connection therewith. 10. ENFORCING THIS AGREEMENT; MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 GAAP. Except as otherwise stated in this Agreement, all financial information provided to the Bank and all financial covenants will be made under generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth herein, and either the Borrower or the Bank shall so request, the Borrower and the Bank shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Bank financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 18 10.2 Governing Law. Except to the extent that any law of the United States may apply, this Agreement shall be governed and interpreted according to the laws of North Carolina (the Governing Law State), without regard to any choice of law, rules or principles to the contrary. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit or otherwise affect any rights or remedies of the Bank under federal law. 10.3 Venue and Jurisdiction. The Borrower agrees that any action or suit against the Bank arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be filed in federal court or state court located in the Governing Law State. The Borrower agrees that the Bank shall not be deemed to have waived its rights to enforce this section by filing an action or suit against the Borrower or any Obligor in a venue outside of the Governing Law State. If the Bank does commence an action or suit arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Borrower agrees that the case may be filed in federal court or state court in the Governing Law State. The Bank reserves the right to commence an action or suit in any other jurisdiction where any Borrower, any other Obligor, or any Collateral has any presence or is located. The Borrower consents to personal jurisdiction and venue in such forum selected by the Bank and waives any right to contest jurisdiction and venue and the convenience of any such forum. The provisions of this section are material inducements to the Banks acceptance of this Agreement. 10.4 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is binding on the Borrower's and the Bank's successors and assignees. The Borrower agrees that it may not assign this Agreement without the Bank's prior consent. The Bank may sell participations in or assign this loan and the related loan documents, and may exchange information about the Borrower and any other Obligor (including, without limitation, any information regarding any hazardous substances) with actual or potential participants or assignees. If a participation is sold or the loan is assigned, the purchaser will have the right of set-off against the Borrower. 10.5 Dispute Resolution Provision. This paragraph, including the subparagraphs below, is referred to as the Dispute Resolution Provision. The Bank and the Borrower (and any other party to this Agreement) agree that this Dispute Resolution Provision is a material inducement for their entering into this Agreement. (a) This Dispute Resolution Provision concerns the resolution of any disputes, controversies, claims, counterclaims, allegations of liability, theories of damage, or defenses (collectively, a Claim or Claims) between the Bank, on the one hand, and the Borrower and/or any Obligor, on the other hand (each side being, for the purposes of this Dispute Resolution Provision, a Party and the two sides together being the Parties), regardless of whether based on federal, state, or local law, statute, ordinance, regulation, contract, common law, or any other source, and regardless of whether foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, or fixed or contingent at the time of this Agreement, including but not limited to Claims that arise out of or relate to: (i) this Agreement (including any renewals, extensions or modifications); or (ii) any document related to this Agreement. For the purposes of this Dispute Resolution Provision only, the terms Bank or Party or Parties (to the extent referring to or including the Bank) shall include any parent corporation, subsidiary or affiliate of the Bank. (b) The Parties agree that at the request of any Party to this Agreement, any Claim shall be resolved by binding arbitration. The Claims shall be governed by the laws of the Governing Law State without regard to its conflicts of law principles. The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1 et seq. (the Act), shall apply to the construction, interpretation, and enforcement of this Dispute Resolution Provision, as well as to the confirmation of or appeal from any arbitration award. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 19 (c) Arbitration proceedings will be determined in accordance with the Act, the then-current Commercial Finance rules and procedures of the American Arbitration Association or any successor thereof (AAA) (or any successor rules for arbitration of financial services disputes), and the terms of this Dispute Resolution Provision. In the event of any inconsistency, the terms of this Dispute Resolution Provision shall control. The arbitration shall be administered by the Parties and not the AAA and shall be conducted, unless otherwise required by law, at a location selected solely by the Bank in any U.S. state where real or tangible personal property collateral for this credit is located or where the Borrower has a place of business. If there is no such state, the Bank shall select a location in the state specified in the governing law section of this Agreement. (d) If aggregate Claims are One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) or less: (i) All issues shall be heard and determined by one neutral arbitrator. The arbitrator shall have experience with commercial financial services disputes and, if possible, prior judicial experience, and shall be selected pursuant to the AAA Arbitrator Select: List and Appointment process, to be initiated by the Bank. If the AAA Arbitrator Select: List and Appointment process is unavailable, the Bank shall initiate any successor process offered by the AAA or a similar process offered by any other nationally recognized alternative dispute resolution organization. (ii) Unless the arbitrator has a dispositive motion under advisement or unforeseeable and unavoidable conflicts arise (as determined by the arbitrator), all arbitration hearings shall commence within ninety (90) days of the appointment of the arbitrator, and under any circumstances the award of the arbitrator shall be issued within one hundred twenty (120) days of the appointment of the arbitrator. (iii) A Party shall be entitled to take no more than two (2) fact depositions, one or both of which may be taken in accordance with Fed. R. Civ. P. 30(b)(6), plus depositions of any experts designated by the other Party, each of seven (7) hours or less, during pre- hearing discovery. (iv) There shall be no written discovery requests except a Party may serve document requests on the other Party not to exceed twenty (20) in number, including subparts. The requests shall be served within forty-five (45) days of the appointment of the arbitrator and shall be responded to within twenty-one (21) days of service. (e) If aggregate Claims exceed One Million Dollars ($1,000,000): (i) The issues shall be heard and determined by one neutral arbitrator selected as above unless either Party requests that all issues be heard and determined by three (3) neutral arbitrators. In that event, each Party shall select an arbitrator with experience with commercial financial services disputes, and the two arbitrators shall select a third arbitrator, who shall have prior judicial experience. If the arbitrators cannot agree, the third arbitrator shall be selected pursuant to the AAA Arbitrator Select: List and Appointment process, to be initiated by the Bank. (ii) Unless the arbitrator(s) have a dispositive motion under advisement or other good cause is shown (as determined by the arbitrator(s)), all arbitration hearings shall commence within one hundred twenty (120) days of the appointment of the arbitrator(s), and under any circumstances the award of the arbitrator(s) shall be issued within one hundred eighty (180) days of the appointment of the arbitrator(s). (iii) A Party shall be entitled to take no more than five (5) fact depositions, one or more of which may be taken in accordance with Fed. R. Civ. P. 30(b)(6), plus depositions of any 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 20 experts designated by the other Party, each of seven (7) hours or less, during pre- hearing discovery. (iv) There shall be no written discovery requests except a Party may serve document requests on the other Party not to exceed thirty (30) in number, including subparts. The requests shall be served within forty-five (45) days of the appointment of the arbitrator(s) and shall be responded to within twenty-one (21) days of service. (f) Where a Party intends to rely upon the testimony of an expert on an issue for which the Party bears the burden of proof, the expert(s) must be disclosed within thirty (30) days following the appointment of the arbitrator(s), including a written report in accordance with Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(2)(B). The arbitrator(s) shall exclude any expert not disclosed strictly in accordance herewith. The other Party shall have the right within thirty (30) days thereafter to take the deposition of the expert(s) (upon payment of the experts reasonable fees for the in-deposition time), and to identify rebuttal expert(s), including a written report in accordance with Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(2)(B). (g) The arbitrator(s) shall consider and rule on motions by the Parties to dismiss for failure to state a claim; to compel; and for summary judgment, in a manner substantively consistent with the corresponding Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator(s) shall enforce the Apex doctrine with regard to requested depositions of high-ranking executives of both Parties. The arbitrator(s) shall exclude any Claim not asserted within thirty (30) days following the demand for arbitration. This shall not prevent a Party from revising the calculation of damages on any existing theory. All discovery shall close at least one (1) week before any scheduled hearing date, and all hearing exhibits shall have been exchanged by the same deadline or they shall not be given weight by the arbitrator(s). (h) The arbitrator(s) will give effect to applicable statutes of limitation in determining any Claim and shall dismiss the Claim if it is barred by the statutes of limitation. For purposes of the application of any statutes of limitation, the service of a written demand for arbitration or counterclaim pursuant to the Notices provision of this Agreement is the equivalent of the filing of a lawsuit. At the request of any Party made at any time, including at confirmation of an award, the resolution of a statutes of limitation defense to any Claim shall be decided de novo by a court of competent jurisdiction rather than by the arbitrator(s). Otherwise, any dispute concerning this Dispute Resolution Provision or whether a Claim is arbitrable shall be determined by the arbitrator(s), except as otherwise set forth in this Dispute Resolution Provision. (i) The arbitrator(s) shall have the power to award legal fees and costs relating to the arbitration proceeding and any related litigation or arbitration, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The arbitrator(s) shall provide a written statement of reasons for the award. The arbitration award may be submitted to any court having jurisdiction to be confirmed and have judgment entered and enforced. (j) This Dispute Resolution Provision does not limit the right of any Party to: (i) exercise self-help remedies, such as but not limited to, setoff; (ii) initiate judicial or non-judicial foreclosure against any real or personal property collateral; (iii) exercise any judicial or power of sale rights; or (iv) act in a court of law to obtain an interim remedy, such as but not limited to, injunctive relief, writ of possession or appointment of a receiver, or additional or supplementary remedies. (k) The filing of a court action is not intended to constitute a waiver of the right of any Party, including the suing Party, thereafter to require submittal of the Claims to arbitration, unless the Party fails to make such demand for arbitration within ninety (90) days following the filing of the court action. (l) Any arbitration or court trial (whether before a judge or jury) of any Claim will take place on an individual basis without resort to any form of class or representative action (the Class Action Waiver). THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER PRECLUDES ANY PARTY FROM PARTICIPATING 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 21 IN OR BEING REPRESENTED IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION REGARDING A CLAIM. Regardless of anything else in this Dispute Resolution Provision, the validity and effect of the Class Action Waiver may be determined only by a court and not by an arbitrator. The Parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the Class Action Waiver is material and essential to the arbitration of any disputes between the Parties and is nonseverable from the agreement to arbitrate Claims. If the Class Action Waiver is limited, voided or found unenforceable, then the Parties agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void with respect to such proceeding, subject to the right to appeal the limitation or invalidation of the Class Action Waiver. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL A CLASS ACTION BE ARBITRATED. (m) The arbitration proceedings shall be private. All documents, transcripts, and filings received by any Party shall not be disclosed by the recipient to any third parties other than attorneys, accountants, auditors, and financial advisors acting in the course of their representation, or as otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. Any award also shall be kept confidential, although this specific requirement shall be void once the award must be submitted to a court for enforcement. The Parties agree that injunctive relief, including a temporary restraining order, from a trial court is the appropriate relief for breach of this paragraph, and they waive any security or the posting of a bond as a requirement for obtaining such relief. (n) By agreeing to binding arbitration, the Parties irrevocably and voluntarily waive any right they may have to a trial by jury in respect of any Claim. Furthermore, without intending in any way to limit this agreement to arbitrate, to the extent any Claim is not arbitrated, the Parties irrevocably and voluntarily waive any right they may have to a trial by jury in respect of such Claim. This waiver of jury trial shall remain in effect even if the Class Action Waiver is limited, voided or found unenforceable. WHETHER THE CLAIM IS DECIDED BY ARBITRATION OR BY TRIAL BY A JUDGE, THE PARTIES AGREE AND UNDERSTAND THAT THE EFFECT OF THIS DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISION IS THAT THEY ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 10.6 Severability; Waivers. If any part of this Agreement is not enforceable, the rest of the Agreement may be enforced. The Bank retains all rights, even if it makes a loan after default. If the Bank waives a default, it may enforce a later default. Any consent or waiver under this Agreement must be in writing. 10.7 Expenses. (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Bank immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges, costs and expenses, including reasonable and documented attorneys' fees, expended or incurred by the Bank in connection with (i) the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and any related agreements, the Bank's continued administration of this Agreement and such related agreements, and the preparation of any amendments and waivers related to this Agreement or such related agreements, (ii) filing, recording and search fees, appraisal fees, field examination fees, title report fees, and documentation fees with respect to any collateral and books and records of the Borrower or any other Obligor, (iii) the Bank's costs or losses arising from any changes in law which are allocated to this Agreement or any credit outstanding under this Agreement, and (iv) costs or expenses required to be paid by the Borrower or any other Obligor that are paid, incurred or advanced by the Bank. (b) The Borrower will indemnify and hold the Bank harmless from any loss, liability, damages, judgments, and costs of any kind relating to or arising directly or indirectly out of (i) this Agreement or any document required hereunder, (ii) any credit extended or committed by the Bank to the Borrower hereunder, and (iii) any litigation or proceeding related to or arising out of this Agreement, any such document, or any such credit, including, without limitation, any act resulting from (A) the Bank complying with instructions the Bank reasonably believes are made 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 22 by any Authorized Individual and (B) the Banks reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record, that the Bank reasonably believes is made by any Authorized Individual. This paragraph will survive this Agreement's termination, and will benefit the Bank and its officers, employees, and agents. (c) The Borrower shall reimburse the Bank for any reasonable costs and attorneys' fees incurred by the Bank in connection with (a) the enforcement or preservation of the Bank's rights and remedies and/or the collection of any obligations of the Borrower which become due to the Bank and in connection with any "workout" or restructuring, and (b) the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to this Agreement, the credit provided hereunder or any related agreements, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief, whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by the Bank or any other person) relating to the Borrower or any other person or entity. 10.8 Set-Off. Upon and after the occurrence of an event of default under this Agreement, (a) the Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank at any time without notice and whether or not the Bank shall have declared any amount owing by the Borrower to be due and payable, to set off against, and to apply to the payment of, the Borrowers indebtedness and obligations to the Bank under this Agreement and all related agreements, whether matured or unmatured, fixed or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, any and all amounts owing by the Bank to the Borrower, and in the case of deposits, whether general or special (except trust and escrow accounts), time or demand and however evidenced, and (b) pending any such action, to hold such amounts as collateral to secure such indebtedness and obligations of the Borrower to the Bank and to return as unpaid for insufficient funds any and all checks and other items drawn against any deposits so held as the Bank, in its sole discretion, may elect. The Borrower hereby grants to the Bank a security interest in all deposits and accounts maintained with the Bank to secure the payment of all such indebtedness and obligations of the Borrower to the Bank. 10.9 One Agreement. This Agreement and any related security or other agreements required by this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the Borrower and the Bank with respect to each credit subject hereto and supersede all prior negotiations, communications, discussions and correspondence concerning the subject matter hereof. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and any other agreements required by this Agreement, this Agreement will prevail. 10.10 Notices. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or in another agreement between the Bank and the Borrower, all notices required under this Agreement shall be personally delivered or sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, or by overnight courier, to the addresses on the signature page of this Agreement, or sent by facsimile to the fax number(s) listed on the signature page, or to such other addresses as the Bank and the Borrower may specify from time to time in writing (any such notice a Written Notice). Written Notices shall be effective (i) if mailed, upon the earlier of receipt or five (5) days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, postage prepaid, (ii) if telecopied, when transmitted, or (iii) if hand-delivered, by courier or otherwise (including telegram, lettergram or mailgram), when delivered. In lieu of a Written Notice, notices and/or communications from the Bank to the Borrower may, to the extent permitted by law, be delivered electronically (i) by transmitting the communication to the electronic address provided by the Borrower or to such other electronic address as the Borrower may specify from time to time in writing, or (ii) by posting the communication on a website and sending the Borrower a notice to the Borrowers postal address or electronic address telling the Borrower that the communication has been posted, its location, and providing instructions on how to view it (any such notice, an Electronic Notice). Electronic 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 23 Notices shall be effective when the communication, or a notice advising of its posting to a website, is sent to the Borrowers electronic address. 10.11 Headings. Article and paragraph headings are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation or meaning of any provisions of this Agreement. 10.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement (or of any agreement or document required by this Agreement and any amendment to this Agreement) by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement; provided, however, that the telecopy or other electronic image shall be promptly followed by an original if required by the Bank. 10.14 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that this Agreement and any document executed in connection with this Agreement (collectively, Loan Documents) provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the Governing Law State and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. (b) As used in this paragraph, the following terms have the following meanings: BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 24 defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 10.15 Borrower Information; Reporting to Credit Bureaus; Relation to Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. The Borrower authorizes the Bank at any time to verify or check any information given by the Borrower to the Bank, check the Borrowers credit references, verify employment, and obtain credit reports and other credit bureau information from time to time in connection with the administration, servicing and collection of the loans under this Agreement. At the Borrowers request, the Bank will tell the Borrower whether a consumer credit report was obtained and will also provide the name and address of the consumer reporting agency that provided such consumer credit report. The Borrower agrees that the Bank shall have the right at all times to disclose and report to credit reporting agencies and credit rating agencies such information pertaining to the Borrower and all other Obligors as is consistent with the Bank's policies and practices from time to time in effect. The Borrower further acknowledges that this transaction has been referred to the Bank by a financial advisor or other employee of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (Merrill). The Borrower and each other Obligor has consented to the sharing of information regarding such loan parties between the Bank and Merrill, as well as their respective subsidiaries and affiliates, for the purposes of underwriting, administering or collecting the loans hereunder and the ongoing credit relationship with such Obligors. The Borrower acknowledges that Merrill financial advisors and employees receive compensation in connection with this Agreement based upon certain factors including the net revenue earned by the Bank with respect to the loans hereunder and the Banks credit assessment of the loans and credit parties from time to time. The net revenue will determined primarily by the amount of the interest rate spread earned on the outstanding loans under this Agreement and any fees owing to the Bank hereunder (excluding fees collected by the Bank to cover third party costs). 10.16 Amendments. This Agreement may only be amended by a writing signed by the parties hereto; which, to the extent expressly agreed to by the Bank in its discretion, may include being amended by an Electronic Record signed by the parties hereto using Electronic Signatures pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 10.17 Electronic Records and Signatures. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 25 This Agreement and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement (each a Communication), including Communications required to be in writing, may, if agreed by the Bank, be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures, including, without limitation, facsimile and/or .pdf. The Borrower agrees that any Electronic Signature (including, without limitation, facsimile or .pdf) on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on the Borrower to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered to the Bank. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Bank of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Bank may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of the Banks business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Bank is under no obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Bank pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Bank has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Bank shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Obligor without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Bank any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed, original counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 10.18 Limitation of Interest and Other Charges. If, at any time, the rate of interest, together with all amounts which constitute interest and which are reserved, charged or taken by the Bank as compensation for fees, services or expenses incidental to the making, negotiating or collection of the loan evidenced hereby, shall be deemed by any competent court of law, governmental agency or tribunal to exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted to be charged by the Bank to the Borrower under applicable law, then, during such time as such rate of interest would be deemed excessive, that portion of each sum paid attributable to that portion of such interest rate that exceeds the maximum rate of interest so permitted shall be deemed a voluntary prepayment of principal. As used herein, the term applicable law shall mean the law in effect as of the date hereof; provided, however, that in the event there is a change in the law which results in a higher permissible rate of interest, then this Agreement shall be governed by such new law as of its effective date. (signatures begin on next page) 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 27 USA Patriot Act Notice; Affiliate Sharing Notice; Affiliate Marketing Notice. Federal law requires Bank of America, N.A. (the Bank) to provide the following notice. The notice is not part of the foregoing agreement or instrument and may not be altered. Please read the notices carefully. (1) USA PATRIOT ACT NOTICE Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account or obtains a loan. The Bank will ask for the Borrowers legal name, address, tax ID number or social security number and other identifying information. The Bank may also ask for additional information or documentation or take other actions reasonably necessary to verify the identity of the Borrower, guarantors or other related persons. This notice applies to all Bank of America entities that utilize the names: Bank of America Banc of America Private Bank Merrill These entities include banks and trust companies; credit card companies; brokerage and investment companies; insurance and annuities companies; and real estate companies. In addition, this notice applies to the following Bank of America companies: Managed Account Advisors LLC BAL Investment & Advisory, Inc. 

Standard Credit Agreement 43599675.51 28 SCHEDULE A FEES (a) Loan Fee. The Borrower agrees to pay a loan fee in the amount of Two Thousand Two Hundred Eighty and No/100 Dollars ($2,280.00). (b) Waiver Fee. If the Bank, at its discretion, agrees to waive or amend any terms of this Agreement, the Borrower will, at the Bank's option, pay the Bank a N/A Dollar fee for each waiver or amendment in an amount advised by the Bank at the time the Borrower requests the waiver or amendment. Nothing in this paragraph shall imply that the Bank is obligated to agree to any waiver or amendment requested by the Borrower. The Bank may impose additional requirements as a condition to any waiver or amendment. (c) Late Fee. Borrower agrees to pay a late fee in the amount of four percent (4%) of the amount of payment that is past due if the payment is more than fifteen (15) days late. The imposition of a late fee shall not constitute a waiver by the Bank of its rights respect to the default. (d) Returned Payment Fee. The Bank, in its discretion, may collect from the Borrower a returned payment fee each time a payment is returned or if there are insufficient funds in the designated account when a payment is attempted through automatic payment.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
a01amendmentno2tocredita

087847\013\6902515.v4 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND CONSENT This AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND CONSENT dated as of February 21, 2025 (the Amendment), is entered into by and among AirCo, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, Airco 2, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company, AirZona Aircraft Services, Inc., an Arizona corporation, AirCo Services, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, CSA Air, Inc., a North Carolina corporation, Global Ground Support, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company, Jet Yard, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, Jet Yard Solutions, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, Mountain Air Cargo, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (MAC), Stratus Aero Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Worldwide Aircraft Services, Inc., a Kansas corporation, and Worthington Aviation, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (such entities being sometimes collectively referred to herein as the Borrowers and individually as a Borrower), Air T, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Air T), in its separate capacities as Loan Party Agent and Guarantor (as defined in the Original Agreement, hereinafter defined), and Alerus Financial, National Association (the Lender). RECITALS: A. The Borrowers, the Loan Party Agent and the Lender are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of August 29, 2024, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documentds dated as of January 21, 2025 (as so amended, the Original Agreement), pursuant to which Lender has agreed to extend credit to the Borrowers under the terms and conditions set forth therein. B. The Borrowers have requested that notwithstanding the prohibitions against (1) the incurrence of Debt set forth in Section 7.01 of the Original Agreement other than for the specific categories set forth in such Section, and (2) the creation of Liens in the Borrowers property set forth in Section 7.02 of the Original Agreement that the Lender consent to the incurrence of Debt in an amount of up to $2,280,000 by MAC to be secured by a Deed of Trust on the North Carolina Real Property in favor of Bank of America, N.A. and a Lien on a deposit account maintained by MAC with Bank of America, N.A. C. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, the Lender will agree to the foregoing request of the Borrowers. NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 1. Defined Terms. All capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall, except where the context otherwise requires, have the meanings set forth in the Original Agreement as amended hereby. 2. Amendments. (a) The definition of the term Maturity Date appearing in Section 1.01 of the Original Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

2 Maturity Date: The earlier of: (a) the date on which the Loans become due and payable under Section 8.02 upon the occurrence of an Event of Default; or (b) (i) the Revolving Credit Termination Date for the Revolving Credit Loans; or (ii) August 15, 2029 for Term Loan A. (b) Section 1.01 of the Original Agreement is hereby further amended by inserting the following new definitions of the terms BofA, BofA Debt, BofA Deed of Trust and BofA Loan Agreement, all in the appropriate alphabetical order: BofA means Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association. BofA Loan shall have the meaning provided in Section 7.01 of this Agreement. BofA Loan Agreement shall mean that certain Loan Agreement dated as of February __, 2025, by and between BofA and MAC, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time. BofA Deed of Trust shall have meaning provided in Section 7.02 of this Agreement. (c) Section 2.01(b) [Term Loan B Commitment] is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: (b) [Intentionally deleted]. (d) Section 2.05(c) is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: (c) [Intentionally deleted]. (e) Section 7.01 of the Original Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: Section 7.01 Limitation on Debt. Create, incur, assume, permit to exist, or otherwise become liable with respect to any Debt, except: (a) Debt of any Borrower existing or arising under this Agreement and any other Loan Document; (b) Debt incurred to finance the acquisition, construction, or improvement of fixed or capital assets (including Capital Lease Obligations) secured by a Lien permitted under Section 7.02(j); provided that (i) such Debt is incurred simultaneously with such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (ii) such Debt when incurred shall not exceed the purchase price or the construction costs of the asset financed, and (iii) the aggregate principal amount of Debt 

3 permitted by this Section 7.01(b) shall not exceed $500,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; (c) Debt outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; (d) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Borrowers existing or arising under any Swap Transaction Document, provided that such obligations are (or were) required hereunder or entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, cash flows or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view; (e) the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; (f) obligations for accounts payable, other than for money borrowed, incurred in the ordinary course of business; (g) Debt arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Debt is extinguished within five (5) Business Days of its incurrence; (h) Subordinated Debt; (i) A term loan in an amount not to exceed $2,280,000 owing by MAC (the BofA Loan) to BofA, made pursuant to the BofA Loan Agreement and secured by the BofA Deed of Trust; (j) other unsecured Debt not otherwise described in subsections (a) through (h) above of this Section 7.01, the aggregate amount of which shall not at any one time exceed $500,000; and (k) extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments and restatements of any items described in subsections (a) through (j) of this 0; provided, that the principal amount thereof is not increased or the terms thereof are not modified to impose materially more burdensome terms upon the Loan Parties. (f) Section 7.02 of the Original Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: Section 7.02 Limitation on Liens. Create, incur, assume, or permit to exist any Lien on any property or assets (including Equity Interests of any of its 

4 Subsidiaries) now owned or hereafter acquired by it or on any income or rights in respect of any thereof, except: (a) Liens created pursuant to or arising under any Loan Document; (a) Liens imposed by law for Taxes, assessments, or governmental charges not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained in accordance with GAAP on the books of the applicable Person; (b) Carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's, repairmen's, and other similar Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business, and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; (c) Pledges and deposits and other Liens (i) made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance, and other social security laws or regulations, or (ii) securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty, or liability insurance to any Borrower or another Loan Party; (d) Liens (including deposits) to secure the performance of bids, tenders, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds, and other obligations of like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (e) Easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, minor defects or irregularities in title, and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business which, in the aggregate, are not material in amount and which do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere materially with the ordinary conduct of business of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (f) To the extent such transactions create a Lien thereunder, liens in favor of lessors securing operating leases or sale and leaseback transactions, in each case to the extent such operating leases or sale and leaseback transactions are permitted under the terms of this Agreement; (g) Judgment or other similar Liens in connection with legal proceedings in an aggregate principal amount up to $100,000 which, whether immediately or with the passage of time (i) do not give rise to an Event of Default under Section 8.01(g) and (ii) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; and 

5 (h) Liens upon assets of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries subject to Capital Lease Obligations to the extent such Capital Lease Obligations are permitted by Section 7.01; provided that (i) such Liens only serve to secure the payment of Debt arising under such Capital Lease Obligation and (ii) the Lien encumbering the asset giving rise to the Capital Lease Obligation does not encumber any other asset of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (i) Liens securing purchase-money Debt permitted under Section 7.01(b); (j) A deed of trust encumbering the North Carolina Real Property executed by MAC for the benefit of BofA (the BofA Deed of Trust) and a Lien in the Designated Account (as such term is defined in the BofA Loan Agreement) maintained with BofA to provide for the direct debit of funds to make scheduled payments of principal and interest on the BofA Loan; and (k) Liens outstanding on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 7.02(k). (g) Section 8.01(p) of the Original Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: (p) there occurs any default under the BofA Loan Agreement or the BofA Deed of Trust the effect of which default causes or permits BofA to accelerate the maturity of the BofA Loan. 3. Limited Consent; Release of North Carolina Deed of Trust and North Carolina Assignment of Rents. On the Effective Date of this Amendment, the Lender hereby consents, notwithstanding the prohibitions set forth in Sections 7.01 and 7.02 of the Original Agreement to the incurrence by MAC of the BofA Loan and the execution and delivery by MAC of the BofA Deed of Trust in the form approved by Lender. The Lenders consent given pursuant to this Section 3 is expressly limited to the specific transaction described above and is not intended, and shall not be construed, to be a general waiver of any other term or provision of the Original Agreement, as amended hereby, or any other Loan Document. The Lender will deliver, on or after the Effective Date, documents terminating the North Carolina Deed of Trust and the North Carolina Assignment of Rents. 4. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the Effective Date) when, and only when, the Lender shall have received: (a) this Amendment, duly executed by a Responsible Officer of each Borrower; (b) a certificate of the secretary of each Borrower in the form provided by the Bank, appropriately completed and duly executed by such Borrowers secretary; (c) an Acknowledgment and Agreement, in the form provided by the Lender, 

6 duly executed by Air T in its capacity as Guarantor; (d) payment, in immediately available funds, of the outstanding principal balance of Term Note B and accrued interest thereon; and (e) such other documents as the Lender may reasonably request. 5. Representations and Warranties. To induce the Lender to enter into this Amendment, the Loan Parties jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Lender as follows: (a) The execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Amendment and each other Loan Document have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, or as the case may be, limited liability company, action, do not require any approval or consent of, or any registration, qualification or filing with, any government agency or authority or any approval or consent of any other person (including, without limitation, any shareholder), do not and will not conflict with, result in any violation of or constitute any default under, any provision of any Loan Partys formation or governance documents, any agreement binding on or applicable to any Loan Party or any Loan Partys property, or any law or governmental regulation or court decree or order, binding upon or applicable to any Loan Party or of any Loan Partys property and will not result in the creation or imposition of any security interest or other lien or encumbrance in or on any of its property pursuant to the provisions of any agreement applicable to any Loan Party or any Loan Partys property; (b) The representations and warranties contained in the Original Agreement are true and correct as of the date hereof as though made on that date except: (i) to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date; and (ii) that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.04 of the Original Agreement to the audited annual financial statements and internally-prepared interim financial statements of Loan Parties shall be deemed to be a reference to the audited financial statements and interim financial statements, as the case may be, most recently delivered to the Lender pursuant to Section 6.01(a), 6.01(b) or 6.01(c) of the Original Agreement; (c) No events have taken place and no circumstances exist at the date hereof which would give any Loan Party the right to assert a defense, offset or counterclaim to any claim by the Lender for payment of the Obligations; (d) The Original Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party are the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party and are enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject only to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws, rulings or decisions at the time in effect affecting the enforceability of rights of creditors generally and to general equitable principles which may limit the right to obtain equitable remedies; and (e) Before and after giving effect to this Amendment, there does not exist any Default or Event of Default. 

7 6. Release. The Loan Parties hereby jointly and severally release and forever discharge the Lender and its successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, employees and participants from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, proceedings, debts, sums of money, covenants, contracts, controversies, claims and demands, at law or in equity, which any Loan Party or Loan Parties ever had or now has against the Lender or its successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, employees or participants by virtue of the Lenders relationship to the Loan Parties in connection with the Loan Documents and the transactions related thereto 7. Reference to and Effect on the Loan Documents. (a) From and after the date of this Amendment, each reference in the Original Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import referring to the Original Agreement, and each reference to the Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof, therein or words of like import referring to the Original Agreement in any other Loan Document shall mean and be a reference to the Original Agreement as amended hereby; and except as specifically set forth above, the Original Agreement remains in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed. (b) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lender under the Agreement or any other Loan Document, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Agreement or any such other Loan Document. 8. Costs, Expenses and Taxes. The Borrowers jointly and severally agree to pay on demand all costs and expenses of the Lender in connection with the preparation, reproduction, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or thereunder, including their reasonable attorneys fees and legal expenses. In addition, the Borrowers shall pay any and all stamp and other taxes and fees payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery, filing or recording of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents to be delivered hereunder and agrees to save the Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from, any delay in the Borrowers paying or omission to pay, such taxes or fees. 9. Governing Law. THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF, BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS. 10. Headings. Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 11. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts and by separate parties in separate counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document. Receipt by telecopy, pdf file or other electronic means of any executed signature page to this Amendment shall constitute effective delivery of such 

8 signature page; provided, that the Loan Parties agree to promptly deliver to Lender original signed counterparts of this Amendment upon request by Lender. 12. Recitals. The Recitals hereto are incorporated herein by reference and constitute a part of this Amendment. [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>a02acknowledgmentandagre.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
a02acknowledgmentandagre

087847\013\6905859.v1 ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND AGREEMENT Dated: February 21, 2025. The undersigned, Air T, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and assigns, the Guarantor), has (a) guaranteed the payment and performance of all obligations of its affiliates identified on Schedule A attached hereto (together with their respective successors and assigns, the Borrowers), to ALERUS FINANCIAL, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association (together with its successors and assigns, the Lender), pursuant to the terms of a Guaranty dated as of August 29, 2024 (the Guaranty) executed by the Guarantor in favor of the Lender, which obligations include, without limitation, all Obligations of the Borrowers to the Lender pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of August 29, 2024, as previously amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated as of January 21, 2025 (as so amended, the Original Agreement); and (b) pursuant to that certain Pledge Agreement dated as of August 29, 2024 (Pledge Agreement), executed by the Guarantor in favor of the Lender, pledged to the Lender as collateral for the payment and performance of the Obligations, in all of the Guarantors right, title and interest in and to the Account maintained by Guarantor with the Securities Intermediary as such terms are defined in the Pledge Agreement. The Guarantor acknowledges that it has received a copy of the proposed Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement and Consent dated to be effective on or about the date hereof (the Amendment) amending the Original Agreement and consenting to the incurrence of a loan in the amount of $2,2800,000 by Mountain Air Cargo, Inc., that would otherwise be prohibited pursuant to the Original Agreement. The Guarantor (a) confirms that the Guaranty and the Pledge Agreement remain in full force and effect, (b) agrees and acknowledges that the Amendment shall not in any way impair or limit the rights of the Lender under the Guaranty or under the Pledge Agreement, and (c) hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) pursuant to the Guaranty, the Guarantor guarantees the payment and performance of all Obligations under the Original Agreement, as amended by the Credit Agreement, and (ii) pursuant to the Pledge Agreement the Guarantor continues to grant a security interest to the Lender in the Account and the Pledged Securities held in the Account to secure all Obligations under the Original Agreement, as amended by the Credit Agreement. The Guarantor agrees that each reference to the Credit Agreement, the Loan Agreement, therein, thereof, thereby or words of similar effect referring to the Credit Agreement in any Loan Document to which the Guarantor is a party shall mean and be a reference to the Original Agreement, as amended by the Amendment. The Guarantor: (a) represents and warrants to the Lender that no events have taken place and no circumstances exist at the date hereof which would give the Guarantor any right to assert a defense, offset or counterclaim to any claim by the Lender for payment of the Obligations guaranteed by the Guarantor or for the enforcement of the Guaranty; and (b) hereby releases and forever discharges the Lender and its successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, employees and participants from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, proceedings, debts, sums of money, covenants, contracts, controversies, claims and demands, at law or in equity, which the Guarantor ever had or now has against the Lender or its successors, assigns, directors, officers, 

agents, employees or participants by virtue of their relationship to any Borrower(s) or the Guarantor in connection with the Loan Documents and the transactions related thereto. Nothing in this Acknowledgment and Agreement requires the Lender to obtain the consent of the Guarantor to any future amendment, modification or waiver to the Original Agreement, as amended by the Amendment, or any other Loan Document to which the Guarantor is a party except as expressly required by the terms of the Loan Documents to which the Guarantor is a party. The delivery of a facsimile, pdf or other digital copy of an executed counterpart of this Acknowledgment and Agreement shall be deemed to be valid execution and delivery of this Acknowledgment and Agreement; provided, that the Guarantor agrees to promptly provide Lender with an original signed counterpart of this Acknowledgment and Agreement upon request by Lender. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

The Guarantor has executed this Acknowledgment and Agreement to be effective as of the first date set forth above. corporation By: .....::;._--=~-+---11---- -- Name: Mark Jundt Its: Secre_J_ [Guarantor Acknowledgment and Agreement Signature Page] 

[Guarantor Acknowledgment and Agreement Signature Page] SCHEDULE A BORROWERS AirCo, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company Airco 2, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company Airco Services, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company AirZona Aircraft Services, Inc., an Arizona corporation CSA Air, Inc., a North Carolina corporation Global Ground Support, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company Jet Yard, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company Jet Yard Solutions, LLC, an Arizona limited liability company, Mountain Air Cargo, Inc., a North Carolina corporation Stratus Aero Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Worldwide Aircraft Services, Inc., a Kansas corporation, Worthington Aviation, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>airt-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>airt-20250226_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>airt-20250226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Entity Incorporation, State 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entities [Table] 
Entities [Table] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Address, City 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Cover [Abstract] 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Common Stock 
Common Stock [Member] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Cumulative Capital Securities 
Cumulative Capital Securities [Member] 
Cumulative Capital Securities 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Street 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Effective Date 
Document Effective Date 

Entity Information 
Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 
Document Type
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>airt-20250226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>a01amendmentno2tocredita012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>a02acknowledgmentandagre001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>a02acknowledgmentandagre002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>a02acknowledgmentandagre003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>a02acknowledgmentandagre004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>bofa-mountainaircargoloa029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 26, 2025

Entity Information 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Entity Registrant Name AIR T, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State DE

Entity File Number 001-35476

Entity Tax Identification Number 52-1206400

Entity Address, Street 11020 David Taylor Drive, Suite 305,

Entity Address, City Charlotte

Entity Address, State NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 28262

City Area Code 980

Local Phone Number 595-2840

Written Communications false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000353184

Amendment Flag false

Document Effective Date Feb. 21, 2025

Soliciting Material false

Common Stock 

Entity Information 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol AIRT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Cumulative Capital Securities 

Entity Information 

Title of 12(b) Security Alpha Income Preferred Securities (also referred to as 8% Cumulative Capital Securities) (AIP)

Trading Symbol AIRTP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The date when a document, upon receipt and acceptance, becomes officially effective, in YYYY-MM-DD format. Usually it is a system-assigned date time value, but it may be declared by the submitter in some cases.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentEffectiveDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=airt_CumulativeCapitalSecuritiesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://airt.net/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

airt-20250226.htm 
airt-20250226.xsd 
airt-20250226_def.xml 
airt-20250226_lab.xml 
airt-20250226_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>0000353184-25-000014-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>airt-20250226_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000353184 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-26 

0000353184 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-26 

0000353184 

airt:CumulativeCapitalSecuritiesMember 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-26 

0000353184 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-21 
AIR T, INC. 
DE 
001-35476 
52-1206400 
11020 David Taylor Drive, Suite 305, 
Charlotte 
NC 
28262 
980 
595-2840 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
AIRT 
NASDAQ 
Alpha Income Preferred Securities (also referred to as 8% Cumulative Capital Securities) (AIP) 
AIRTP 
NASDAQ 
false 
2025-02-26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>