<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-032146.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-032146.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304162903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-032146
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Conifer Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001502292
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				271298795
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37536
		FILM NUMBER:		25705064

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3001 WEST BIG BEAVER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 319
		CITY:			TROY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48084
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(248) 559-0840

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3001 WEST BIG BEAVER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 319
		CITY:			TROY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48084
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cnfr-20250227.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001502292--12-310001502292cnfr:CommonStockNoParValueMember2025-02-272025-02-270001502292cnfr:NinePointSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDue2028Member2025-02-272025-02-2700015022922025-02-272025-02-27

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event Reported): February 27, 2025

Conifer Holdings Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Michigan 

001-37536 

27-1298795

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

3001 West Big Beaver Road, Suite 319

Troy, MI48084

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (248) 559-0840

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, no par value 

CNFR 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

9.75% Senior Notes due 2028 

CNFRZ 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter)

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 27, 2025 (the Initial Issue Date), Conifer Holdings, Inc. (the Company) sold 1,000 shares of its newly designated Series B Preferred Stock, no par value (the Series B Preferred Stock) and common stock purchase warrants (the Warrants) exercisable for 4,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock (the Warrant Shares, and together with the Warrants and Preferred Stock, the Securities), to Clarkston 91 West LLC (the Purchaser), an entity affiliated with Gerald and Jeffrey Hakala, members of the Board of Directors of the Company, for an aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000. The sale of the Securities was consummated on the Initial Issue Date pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) by and between the Company and the Purchaser.

Upon approval by the Companys stockholders, the Warrants entitle the Purchaser to purchase up to 4,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock at an exercise price of $1.50 per share. The Warrants will expire on January 31, 2027.

On March 3, 2025, the Company sold an additional 5000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock to the Purchaser, for an aggregate purchase price of $2,500,000. The sale of these Securities was consummated pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Additional Purchase Agreement) by and between the Company and the Purchaser.

The Company intends to use the proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties from the Company, on the one hand, and the Purchaser, on the other.

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement and the Warrants is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of Purchase Agreement, the Warrants and the Additional Purchase Agreement, which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The sale of the Securities pursuant to the Purchase Agreement has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and certain rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

The information contained in Items 1.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the sale of the Securities, the Purchase Agreement and the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information contained in Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Certificate of Designation (as defined below) is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Article of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On February 27, 2025, the Company filed the Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation) to the Companys Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Michigan, effective as of such date, designating 1,500 shares of Series B Preferred Stock (the Shares) out of the authorized but unissued shares of the Preferred Stock as Series B Senior Preferred Stock, and designating the dividend, preferences, rights, voting power, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of such shares. A description of the material terms of the Series B Preferred Stock, as contained within the Certificate of Designation, is set forth below:

Issue: 

Series B Preferred Stock

Number of Shares Designated 

1,500

Ranking, with respect to dividend rights and distribution rights upon the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Company: 

The Series B Preferred Stock will rank senior to all of the common stock of the Company.

Maturity: 

December 31, 2026 (the Maturity Date)

Issue Price per Share: 

$5,000

Dividend Rate: 

The Series B Dividend Rate is equal to the prime rate of Waterford Bank, N.A. (Waterford Bank) on the date that is 30 days prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) plus 600 basis points, provided, however, that if the prime rate determined by Waterford Bank shall ever be less than 12.0% per annum, (the Floor as defined in the Certificate of Designation), then the prime rate shall be deemed to be the Floor.

Liquidation Preference: 

In the event of any Liquidation Event, after the satisfaction in full of the debts of the Company and the payment of any liquidation preference owed to the holders of shares of capital stock of the Company ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Stock, pari passu with the holders of any Parity Securities (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) by reason of their ownership thereof, but before any distribution or payment out of the assets of the Company shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount in cash per share equal to the Series B Redemption Price (as defined below).

Optional Redemption: 

The Company has the right at the end of any fiscal quarter on or after the Initial Issue Date and up to and including the Maturity Date, to redeem, at its option, in whole or in part, the Series B Preferred Shares. Any such optional redemption shall be effected only out of funds legally available for such purpose. The Company may undertake multiple partial redemptions. Any redemption of the Series B Preferred Shares shall occur on a date set by the Company, subject to certain limitations, at an amount per share equal to the applicable Series B Redemption Price (as defined below). The Series B Preferred Shares may be redeemed pro rata (unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by each Holder of Series B Preferred Shares).

Redemption Amount: 

The Series B Preferred Shares may be redeemed at a price equal to the Series B Issue Price.

Automatic Conversion: 

The outstanding Series B Preferred Shares shall only be redeemed by the Company at an amount per share equal to the Series B Issue Price.

Voting: 

Each share of the Series B Preferred Stock entitles the Holder to 3,000 votes on each matter properly submitted to the Companys shareholders for their vote, however the aggregate voting power of all outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock shall not exceed 19.99% of the aggregate voting power of all voting securities.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit 3.1 

Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock

Exhibit 10.1 

Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2025, by and between Conifer Holdings, Inc. and Clarkston Capital, LLC

Exhibit 10.2 

Form of Warrant,

Exhibit 10.3 

Additional Purchase Agreement, dated March 3, 2025, by and between Conifer Holdings, Inc. and Clarkston Capital, LLC

Exhibit 104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Conifer Holdings Inc.

Date: March 4, 2025 

By: 

/s/ BRIAN J. RONEY

Brian J. Roney

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cnfr-ex3_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

OF

SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK

OF

CONIFER HOLDINGS, INC.

Pursuant to Section 302(3) of the Michigan Business Corporation Act

Pursuant to Section 302(3) of the Michigan Business Corporation Act (the MBCA), Conifer Holdings, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Michigan (the Corporation), in accordance with the provisions of Section 302(3) thereof, does hereby submit the following:

WHEREAS, the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Articles of Incorporation) and the MBCA authorize the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation, issuable from time to time, in one or more series, with such designations and such relative voting, dividend, liquidation and other rights preferences and limitations and authorizes the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board), subject to the limitations under applicable Michigan law, to fix the rights, powers and duties thereof, without any shareholder vote; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board to establish and fix the number of shares to be included in a new series of Preferred Stock and the designations, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions, and limitations of the shares of such new series.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board does hereby provide authority for the Corporation to issue and designate 1,500 shares of the Preferred Stock to be known as Series B Preferred Stock (each such share, a Series B Preferred Share and collectively, the Series B Preferred Shares) and does hereby in this Certificate of Designation (this Certificate of Designation) establish and fix and herein state and express the designations, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions, and limitations of such Series B Preferred Shares as follows:

Section 1.

General Matters; Ranking.

1.01

The Corporation may, without notice to or consent of the Holders of the then outstanding Series B Preferred Shares, authorize and issue additional Series B Preferred Stock by filing an amendment to this Certificate of Designation with respect to such additional shares. 

1.02

Each Series B Preferred Share shall be identical in all respects to every other Series B Preferred Share. The Series B Preferred Shares, with respect to dividend rights and distribution rights upon the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Corporation, shall rank senior to any Junior Securities. 

1.03

The Series B Preferred Shares that are redeemed or otherwise acquired by the Corporation pursuant to this Certificate of Designation shall be cancelled and shall resume the status of authorized but unissued Preferred Stock of the Corporation, undesignated as to series.

Section 2.

Standard Definitions.

As used herein with respect to the Series B Preferred Shares:

Bylaws means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation, as they may be amended or restated from time to time.

Common Stock means the common stock, no par value, of the Corporation.

Dividend Payment Date means the first day of each fiscal quarter following the Initial Issuance Date (January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1).

Floor means a rate of interest equal to 12.0% per annum.

Fundamental Transaction means any event pursuant to which (a) the Corporation and its subsidiaries effects (i) any merger of the Corporation with (but not into) another Person, in which shareholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than a majority of the outstanding stock of the surviving entity, or (ii) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation into another Person, (b) the Corporation effects any sale of thirty-five percent (35%) or more, on a consolidated basis, of the Corporations and its subsidiaries assets, (c) any tender offer or exchange offer approved or authorized by the Corporations Board of Directors is completed pursuant to which holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Common Stock tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (d) the Corporation effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property.

Holder means each Person in whose name any Series B Preferred Share is registered, who shall be treated by the Corporation as the absolute owner of such share of the Series B Preferred Stock for all purposes under this Certificate of Designation.

Initial Issue Date means February 27, 2025, the original issue date of the Series B Preferred Shares.

Junior Securities means collectively, the Common Stock, the Series A Preferred Stock of the Corporation and each other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, now existing or hereafter authorized, classified or reclassified, the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series ranks on a parity basis with or senior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and rights on the distribution of assets on any Liquidation Event.

Liquidation Event means a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary.

Maturity Date means December 31, 2026.

Parity Securities means any equity security of the Corporation issued after the Initial Issue Date with terms specifically providing that such equity security ranks on a parity with the Series B Preferred Shares with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and/or distributions upon the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Corporations affairs, as applicable.

Person means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, governmental authority or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Stock means the preferred stock of the Corporation.

Purchase Agreement means that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 27, 2025, which shall be incorporated by reference into this Certificate of Designation.

Series B Issue Price means $5,000 per each share of Series B Preferred Stock.

Series B Preferred Shares shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, an OTC market place or the OTCMarkets (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

2

Section 3.

Dividends.

3.01

General Obligation. The Holders of the Series B Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive quarterly dividends, payable in cash, on each Dividend Payment Date, out of funds legally available therefor, from the Initial Issue Date and until the Maturity Date, at the annualized rate per share equal to the then-applicable Series B Dividend Rate (as defined below) on each share of Series B Preferred Shares (the Series B Dividend). 

3.02

Preferential Payments to Holders of Series B Preferred Shares. No dividend shall be declared or paid or set apart for payment on any Junior Securities (other than a dividend payable solely in Junior Securities) unless the Series B Dividend has been or contemporaneously are being paid or declared and set aside for payment on all outstanding Series B Preferred Shares.

3.03

Series B Dividend Rate. The Series B Dividend Rate shall mean an annualized rate equal to the prime rate of Waterford Bank, N.A. (Waterford Bank) on the date that is 30 days prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date plus 600 basis points, provided, however, that if the prime rate determined by Waterford Bank shall ever be less than the Floor, then the prime rate shall be deemed to be the Floor.

Section 4.

Liquidation Preference.

4.01

Liquidation Preference. In the event of any Liquidation Event, after the satisfaction in full of the debts of the Corporation and the payment of any liquidation preference owed to the holders of shares of capital stock of the Corporation ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Shares, pari passu with the holders of any Parity Securities by reason of their ownership thereof, but before any distribution or payment out of the assets of the Corporation shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount in cash per share equal to the Series B Issue Price. 

Section 5.

Redemptions.

5.01

Optional Redemption. The Corporation shall solely have the right at the end of any fiscal quarter on or after the Initial Issue Date and up to the Maturity Date, to redeem, at its option, in whole or in part, the Series B Preferred Shares (the Optional Redemption). Any such Optional Redemption shall be effected only out of funds legally available for such purpose. The Corporation may undertake multiple partial redemptions. Any redemption of the Series B Preferred Shares shall occur on a date set by the Corporation, subject to limitations contained in the first sentence of this Section 5.01 (the Optional Redemption Date), at an amount per share equal to the Series B Issue Price. The Series B Preferred Shares may be redeemed pro rata (unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by each Holder of Series B Preferred Shares), pursuant to Section 5.07.

5.02

Maturity Date. On the Maturity Date, any outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Shares shall be redeemed by the Corporation at an amount per share equal to the Series B Issue Price. 

5.03

Redemption upon a Fundamental Transaction. Upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, any outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Shares shall be redeemed by the Corporation, but only out of funds legally available at an amount per share equal to the Series B Issue Price. 

5.04

Redemption Notice. The Corporation shall give written notice of redemption pursuant to either Section 5.01 or Section 5.02, as applicable (such notice, the Redemption Notice) to each Holder of Series B Preferred Shares not less than ten (10) days and not more than sixty (60) days prior to the Optional Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable. Such Redemption Notice shall state:

(a)

the date upon which the redemption will occur;

(b)

the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by the Holder that the Corporation shall redeem on the Optional Redemption Date or on the Maturity Date, as applicable;

(c)

the Series B Issue Price; and

3

(d)

that the Holder is to surrender to the Corporation, in the manner and the place reasonably designated by the Corporation, the Holders certificates representing the Series B Preferred Shares to be redeemed.

5.05

Surrender of Certificates; Payment. On the Maturity Date or prior to the Maturity Date, on the Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, each Holder of outstanding Series B Preferred Shares shall surrender the certificate or certificates representing such shares (or, if such registered Holder alleges that such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, a lost certificate affidavit and agreement (without bond) reasonably acceptable to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate) to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place reasonably designated by the Corporation, and thereupon the Series B Issue Price for such shares shall be payable to the order of the Person whose name appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof. If fewer than all shares represented by any such certificate are not redeemed pursuant to an Optional Redemption, the Corporation shall issue a new certificate to the Holder thereof representing the shares not so redeemed.

5.06

Rights Subsequent to Redemption. Any Series B Preferred Shares that are redeemed or otherwise acquired by the Corporation shall be automatically canceled and shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and shall no longer be designated as Series B Preferred Stock. 

5.07

Pro Rata Redemption. In the event that at any time fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are to be redeemed pursuant to Section 5.01, the redemption shall be made pro rata among all Holders of Series B Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock then held by them, unless otherwise agreed upon by each Holder of Series B Preferred Stock.

Section 6.

Voting Rights.

6.01

General. Each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock shall entitle the Holder thereof to 3,000 votes on each matter properly submitted to the shareholders of the Corporation for their vote, however, the aggregate voting power of all outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock shall not exceed 19.99% of the aggregate voting power all voting securities. As long as any shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, (i) alter, amend or modify the preferences, privileges or rights given to the Series B Preferred Stock, (ii) alter or amend this Certificate of Designation, or (iii) file any certificate of amendment or certificate of designations of preferences, limitations and relative rights of any series of the Series B Preferred Stock, if such action would adversely alter or change the powers, preferences or rights of the Series B Preferred Stock in a manner materially different than the effect of such actions on the Common Stock (regardless, in the case of clause (i), (ii) or (iii), of whether any of the foregoing actions shall be by means of amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation or by merger, consolidation or otherwise). Except as set forth in this Certificate of Designation or as required by law, including the MCBA, the Holders of Series B Preferred Shares will have no special voting rights, and their consent will not be required for taking any corporate action.

6.02

Procedures for Voting and Consents. The rules and procedures for calling and conducting any meeting of the Holders (including, without limitation, the fixing of a record date in connection therewith), the solicitation and use of proxies at such a meeting, the obtaining of written consents and any other procedural aspect or matter with regard to such a meeting or such consents shall be governed by any rules the Board, in its discretion, may adopt from time to time, which rules and procedures shall conform to the requirements of the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws, and applicable law.

Section 7.

Miscellaneous.

7.01

No Conversion Rights. The Series B Preferred Shares shall not be convertible into any other series or class of capital stock of the Corporation by the Holder or the Corporation. 

7.02

Book-Entry; Certificates. The Series B Preferred Stock will be issued in book-entry form; provided that, if a Holder requests that such Holders shares of the Series B Preferred Stock be issued in certificated form, the Corporation will instead issue a stock certificate to such Holder representing such Holders shares of the Series B 

4

Preferred Stock. To the extent that any shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are issued in book-entry form, references herein to certificates shall instead refer to the book-entry notation relating to such shares.

7.03

Exclusion of Other Rights. Except as may otherwise be required by law, the Series B Preferred Shares shall not have any preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, other than those specifically set forth in this Certificate of Designation, inclusive of those preferences and relative, participating, option or other special rights set forth in the Purchase Agreement and incorporated herein by reference.

7.04

Registration of Transfer. The Corporation shall keep at its principal office a register for the registration of Series B Preferred Shares. Upon the surrender of any certificate representing Series B Preferred Stock at such place, the Corporation shall, at the request of the record Holder of such certificate, execute and deliver (at the Corporations expense) a new certificate or certificates in exchange therefor representing in the aggregate the number of Series B Preferred Shares represented by the surrendered certificate. Each such new certificate shall be registered in such name and shall represent such number of Series B Preferred Shares as is requested by the Holder of the surrendered certificate and shall be substantially identical in form to the surrendered certificate, and dividends shall accrue on the Series B Preferred Shares represented by such new certificate from the date on which dividends have been fully paid on such Series B Preferred Shares represented by the surrendered certificate.

7.05

Record Holders. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation may deem and treat the Holder of any Series B Preferred Shares as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes.

7.06

Notices. The Corporation shall send all notices or communications to Holders of the Series B Preferred Shares pursuant to this Certificate of Designation in writing by first class mail, certified or registered, return receipt requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the Holders respective addresses shown on the register for the Series B Preferred Shares.

7.07

No Preemptive Rights or Sinking Fund. The Holders will not be entitled to any preemptive or similar rights and will not have the benefit of any sinking fund.

7.08

Severability. If any portion of this Certificate of Designation shall be declared void or unenforceable by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction, such portion shall be deemed severable from the remainder of this Certificate of Designation, which shall continue in all respects valid and enforceable.

[Signature page follows]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Designation to be signed by the undersigned this 27th day of February, 2025.

CONIFER HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Brian J. Roney

Name: 

Brian J. Roney

Title: 

President and Chief Executive Officer

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cnfr-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 27, 2025 by and between Conifer Holdings Inc., a Michigan corporation (the Company), and Clarkston 91 West LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (Purchaser).

Recitals

Whereas, the Company and Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506 of Regulation D (Regulation D) as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act; and

Whereas, the Company desires to issue to Purchaser, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement: (i) 1,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock of the Company, no par value per share (Series B Preferred Stock), and (ii) common stock purchase warrants (the Warrants) exercisable for 4,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares, and together with the Warrants and Preferred Stock, the Securities), for an aggregate purchase price of five million dollars ($5,000,000).

Agreement

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Purchaser hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1

Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.1: 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. With respect to Purchaser, any investment fund or managed account that is managed on a discretionary basis by the same investment manager as Purchaser will be deemed to be an Affiliate of Purchaser.

Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

1

Certificate of Designation means the Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs of the State of Michigan in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date means the Trading Day when all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.1, 2.2, 5.1 and 5.2 hereof are satisfied or waived, as the case may be, or such other date as the parties may agree.

Commission has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Common Stock means the common stock, no par value per share, of the Company, and also includes any other class of securities into which the Common Stock may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time shares of the Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of the Common Stock or other securities that entitle the holder to receive, directly or indirectly, shares of the Common Stock.

Company Covered Person means, with respect to the Company as an issuer for purposes of Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act, any Person listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1).

Companys Knowledge means with respect to any statement made to the Companys Knowledge, that the statement is based upon the actual knowledge of the officers of the Company having responsibility for the matter or matters that are the subject of the statement, after reasonable inquiry.

Control (including the terms controlling, controlled by or under common control with) with respect to any Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fundamental Transaction means any event pursuant to which (a) the Company effects (i) any merger of the Company with (but not into) another Person, in which shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than a majority of the outstanding stock of the surviving entity, or (ii) any merger or consolidation of the Company into another Person, (b) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (c) any tender offer or exchange offer approved or authorized by the

2

Companys Board of Directors is completed pursuant to which holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Common Stock tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (d) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 6.11 below or as a result of a transaction, the primary purpose of which is to change the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company).

GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Insolvent means, with respect to any Person, (a) the present fair saleable value of such Persons assets is less than the amount required to pay such Persons debts as they become due, (b) such Person is unable to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured or (c) such Person has unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is currently proposed to be conducted.

Lien means any lien, charge, claim, encumbrance, security interest, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restrictions of any kind.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on the results of operations, shareholders equity, assets, business or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except that any of the following, either alone or in combination, shall not be deemed a Material Adverse Effect: (a) effects caused by changes or circumstances affecting general market conditions in the U.S. or applicable foreign economy or which are generally applicable to the industry in which the Company operates, provided that such effects are not borne disproportionately by the Company, or (b) effects caused by earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, wildfires or other large-scale natural disasters, hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions or any escalation or material worsening of any such hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions existing as of the date hereof.

Material Contract means any contract of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company that has been filed or was required to have been filed as an exhibit to the SEC Reports pursuant to Item 601(b)(4) or Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K.

Michigan Courts means the state and federal courts with jurisdiction over Oakland County, Michigan.

Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, business trust, association, joint stock company, joint venture, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization, governmental authority or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein.

Principal Trading Market means the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading, which, as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market.

3

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened, before or by any federal, state, county, local or foreign court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency, regulatory authority, stock market, stock exchange or trading facility.

Regulation D has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Required Approvals has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(e) hereof.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SEC Report has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(h) hereof.

Securities has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Series B Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Series B Purchase Price means $5,000 per share of Series B Preferred Stock.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, include any subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Takeover Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Trading Day means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Trading Market (other than the OTCMarkets), or (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on a Trading Market (other than the OTCMarkets), a day on which the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the OTCMarkets, or (iii) if the Common Stock is not quoted on any Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market as reported in the OTCMarkets Pink Open Market (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices); provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof, then Trading Day shall mean a Business Day.

Trading Market means whichever of the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market or the OTCMarkets on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question.

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto, the Certificate of Designation, the Warrants and any other documents or agreements explicitly contemplated hereunder.

Warrants has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

4

Warrant Shares has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND SALE 

2.1

Closing.

(a)

Sale of the Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants. At the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company shall issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, 1,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and the Warrants for a purchase price equal to five million dollars ($5,000,000).

(b)

Closing. The Closing of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock shall take place at the offices of Honigman LLP, 2290 First National Building, 660 Woodward Avenue, Detroit, Michigan 48226-3506 on the Closing Date or at such other location(s) or remotely by facsimile transmission or other electronic means as the parties may mutually agree. 

(c)

Deliverables. On the Closing Date, the Company and Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing.

2.2

Closing Deliveries.

(a)

Company Deliverables. On or prior to the Closing, the Company shall issue, deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser the following (the Company Deliverables): 

(i)

the Series B Preferred Stock either in certificate or in book entry form; 

(ii)

the Warrants, in the form attached as Exhibit D hereto;

(iii)

a certificate of the CEO of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, dated as of the Closing Date, (A) certifying the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, (B) certifying the current versions of the articles of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, as amended, of the Company and (C) certifying as to the signatures and authority of persons signing the Transaction Documents and related documents on behalf of the Company; and

(iv)

evidence from the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs of the State of Michigan that the Certificate of Designation has been filed with the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs of the State of Michigan as of the Closing Date and has become effective as of the Closing Date.

(b)

Purchaser Deliverables. On or prior to the Closing, Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following, with respect to Purchaser (the Purchaser Deliverables): 

5

(i)

the Series B Purchase Price payable for the Securities, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds by wire transfer to a bank account designated by the Company; and

(ii)

a fully completed and duly executed Accredited Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3.1

Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date), to Purchaser: 

(a)

Subsidiaries. The Company has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries other than those listed in the SEC Reports. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or comparable equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any and all Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or comparable equity interest of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. 

(b)

Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with the requisite corporate (or other applicable) power and authority to own or lease and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted and, in the case of the Company, to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation or default of any of the provisions of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other organizational documents. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document or the Companys ability to perform on a timely basis its material obligations under any Transaction Document; and no Proceeding has been instituted, is pending, or, to the Companys Knowledge, has been threatened in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification. 

(c)

Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The Companys execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated thereby (including, but not limited to, the sale and delivery of the Securities) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on 

6

the part of the Company, and no further corporate action is required by the Company, its Board of Directors or its shareholders in connection therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. Each of the Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and is, or when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d)

No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities) do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provisions of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate of incorporation or bylaws, each as amended, or other similar organizational documents of any Subsidiary, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would result in a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any Material Contract, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations, assuming the correctness of the representations and warranties made by Purchaser herein, of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, including all applicable Trading Markets), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document or the Companys ability to perform on a timely basis its material obligations under any Transaction Document. 

(e)

Filings, Consents and Approvals. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to obtain any consent, waiver, approval, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority, holder of outstanding securities of the Company or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents (including the issuance of the Securities), other than (i) the approval by the Companys stockholders for the exercise of the Warrants, (ii) filings required by applicable state securities laws, (iii) the filing of a Notice of Sale of Securities on Form D with the Commission under Regulation D under the Securities Act, (iv) the filing of any requisite notices and/or application(s) to the Principal Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities in the time and manner required thereby, (v) the filings required in accordance with Section 4.6 of this Agreement, (vi) the Shareholder Approval, (vii) the filing of the Certificates of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and (viii) those that have been made or obtained prior to the date of this Agreement (collectively, the Required Approvals). 

7

(f)

Issuance of the Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be, in the case of the Warrant Shares, duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be free and clear of all Liens, other than restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4.1 hereof or imposed by applicable securities laws, and shall not be subject to preemptive or similar rights of shareholders. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Purchaser in this Agreement, the Securities will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. No bad actor disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event) is applicable to the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any Company Covered Person, except for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(iiiv) or (d)(3), is applicable. 

(g)

Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as described in its SEC Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, except for issuances pursuant to this Agreement, stock option exercises, restricted stock unit delivery, issuances pursuant to equity incentive plans described in the SEC Reports or exercises of warrants, or issuances of warrants. The Company has not issued any capital stock since the date of its most recently filed SEC Report. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents that have not been effectively waived as of the Closing Date. Except as set described in the SEC Reports or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of the Common Stock or other securities, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of the Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of the Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of the Companys securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities which violation would have or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document or the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document. Except as set forth in the SEC Filings, there are no shareholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the Companys Knowledge, between or among any of the Companys shareholders. 

(h)

SEC Reports; Disclosure Materials. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the 12 months preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein and the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being 

8

collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports, and the SEC Reports, together with the Disclosure Schedules, being collectively referred to as the Disclosure Materials) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension, except where the failure to file on a timely basis would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and would not have or reasonably be expected to result in any limitation or prohibition, or with respect to Rule 144 further delay Purchasers ability to use Rule 144 to resell any of the Warrant Shares. As of their respective filing dates, or to the extent corrected by a subsequent amendment, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each of the Material Contracts to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or to which the property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are subject has been filed (or incorporated by reference) as an exhibit to the SEC Reports.

(i)

Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements (including the notes and schedules thereto) of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent amendment). Such consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes or schedules thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects, for the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, their financial position as of the dates thereof and their results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited financial statements, to normal, immaterial year-end audit adjustments. 

(j)

Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.3 of this Agreement and any representations and warranties required in connection with the exercise of the Warrants, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to Purchaser under the Transaction Documents. Subject to obtaining the Required Approvals, the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Principal Trading Market. 

(k)

No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. 

3.2

Anti-Takeover Provisions. The Company has taken all actions necessary to render inapplicable to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and inapplicable to Purchaser or any Affiliate thereof, the Warrant Shares or the transactions contemplated hereby, any and all fair price, moratorium, control share acquisition, business combination and other similar restrictions set forth in statutes or regulations of any state or jurisdiction (collectively, 

9

Takeover Laws), and no Takeover Law applies or will apply to the Company or any Subsidiary, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby

3.3

Representations and Warranties of Purchaser. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows: 

(a)

Organization; Authority. Purchaser is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite corporate, limited liability company or partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the applicable Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery of by Purchaser of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and performance by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or, if Purchaser is not a corporation, such partnership, limited liability company or other applicable like action, on the part of Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by Purchaser, and when delivered by Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. 

(b)

No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of Purchaser, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would result in a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which Purchaser is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, assuming the correctness of the Companys representations and warranties contained herein, federal and state securities laws) applicable to Purchaser, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder. 

(c)

Investment Intent. Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to, or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws, provided, however, that by making the representations herein, Purchaser does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum period of time and reserves the right, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or under an exemption from such registration and in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. Purchaser does not presently have any agreement, plan or understanding, directly or 

10

indirectly, with any Person to distribute or effect any distribution of any of the Securities to or through any Person; Purchaser is not a registered broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered as a broker-dealer.

(d)

Purchaser Status. At the time Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and at the date hereof it is, an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. 

(e)

General Solicitation. Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general advertisement. 

(f)

Experience of Purchaser. Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(g)

Access to Information. Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the SEC Filings and has been afforded the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or on behalf of Purchaser or its representatives or counsel shall modify, amend or affect Purchasers right to rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness of the Companys representations and warranties contained in the Transaction Documents. 

(h)

Brokers and Finders. No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of Purchaser. 

(i)

Independent Investment Decision. Purchaser has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to enter into the Transaction Documents, and Purchaser confirms that it has not relied on the advice of any other non-affiliated Purchasers investment manager and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisers as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities. 

(j)

Reliance on Exemptions. Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of Purchaser set forth herein in order to 

11

determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of Purchaser to acquire the Securities.

The Company and Purchaser acknowledge and agree that no party to this Agreement has made or makes any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Article III and the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE IV

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

4.1

Transfer Restrictions. 

(a)

Compliance with Securities Laws. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IV, Purchaser covenants that the Securities acquired by Purchaser pursuant to the Transaction Documents may be disposed of only pursuant to an effective registration statement under, and in compliance with the requirements of, the Securities Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities other than (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement, (ii) to the Company, (iii) pursuant to Rule 144 (once Rule 144 becomes available for the resale of securities of the Company and provided that Purchaser provides the Company with reasonable assurances (in the form of seller and, if applicable, broker representation letters) that the securities may be sold pursuant to such rule) or (iv) in connection with a bona fide pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee in a transaction not referenced in clauses (i)-(iv) above shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights of Purchaser under this Agreement with respect to such transferred Securities. 

(b)

Legends. Book-entry statements or stock certificates evidencing the Securities shall bear any legend as required by the blue sky laws of any state and a restrictive legend in substantially the following form, until such time as they are not required under Section 4.1(c): 

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B) AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS TRANSFER

12

AGENT, (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (III) UNLESS SOLD TO THE COMPANY.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser may from time to time pledge, and/or grant a security interest in, some or all of the legended Securities in connection with applicable securities laws, pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement in compliance with a bona fide margin loan. Such a pledge would not be subject to approval or consent of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel to the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection with the pledge, but such legal opinion shall be required in connection with a subsequent transfer or foreclosure following default by Purchaser transferee of the pledge. No notice shall be required of such pledge, but Purchasers transferee shall promptly notify the Company of any such subsequent transfer or foreclosure of such legended Securities. Purchaser acknowledges that the Company shall not be responsible for any pledges relating to, or the grant of any security interest in, any of the Securities or for any agreement, understanding or arrangement between Purchaser and its pledgee or secured party. At Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act and the regulations promulgated to appropriately amend the list of selling shareholders thereunder. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, except as otherwise provided in Section 4.1(c), any Securities subject to a pledge or security interest as contemplated by this Section 4.1(b) shall continue to bear the legend set forth in this Section 4.1(b) and be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4.1(a).

(c)

Removal of Legends. The legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement representing the applicable Securities, without any legend, if (i) such Securities are registered for resale under the Securities Act, (ii) such Securities are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 (if the transferor is not an Affiliate of the Company), or (iii) such Securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such securities and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions. 

(d)

Acknowledgement. Purchaser acknowledges its primary responsibilities under the Securities Act and accordingly will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities or any interest therein without complying with the requirements of the Securities Act and applicable law. 

4.2

Reservation of Shares of the Common Stock. The Company shall reserve and keep available at all times during which the Warrants remain outstanding, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of the Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrants.

4.3

Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. On or before 9:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the Business Day immediately following the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press release (the Press Release) reasonably acceptable to Purchaser disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby. On or before 5:30 p.m., Eastern time, on the fourth Trading Day immediately following the execution of this Agreement, the Company will file a Current 

13

Report on Form 8-K with the Commission describing the terms of the Transaction Documents (and including as exhibits to such Current Report on Form 8-K the material Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of Purchaser, any Affiliate of Purchaser, or any investment adviser of Purchaser, or include the name of Purchaser, any Affiliate of Purchaser or any investment adviser of Purchaser in any press release or filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of Purchaser, except (i) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents (including signature pages thereto) with the Commission and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, request of the staff of the Commission or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide Purchaser with prior written notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (ii).

4.4

Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, in either case solely by virtue of receiving any of the Warrant Shares under the Transaction Documents or under any other written agreement between the Company and Purchaser. 

4.5

Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants hereunder for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

4.6

Form D; Blue Sky. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon the written request of Purchaser. The Company, on or before the Closing Date, shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for or to qualify the Securities for sale to Purchaser at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification) and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon the written request of Purchaser. 

4.7

Indemnification of Purchaser. 

(a)

Indemnification. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser and its Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, managers, employees, representatives, investment advisers and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, managers, employees, representatives, investment advisers and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person (each, a Purchaser Party), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against, and shall pay and reimburse them for, any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, 

14

claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation) (collectively, Losses), as incurred, that any Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of, based upon, arising out of or otherwise relating to (i) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of, or breach or nonfulfillment of any of covenants or agreements made by, the Company in any Company or (ii) any Proceeding instituted against Purchaser in any capacity, or any Purchaser Party, by any Person who is not an Affiliate of Purchaser or other Purchaser Party seeking indemnification, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless, and only to the extent that, such Proceeding is based upon a breach of Purchasers representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any other agreement with the Company entered into in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, or any violations by the Purchaser of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by Purchaser which constitutes fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).

(b)

Procedures. Promptly after receipt by any Purchaser Party (the Indemnified Person) of notice of any demand, claim or circumstances which would or might give rise to a claim or the commencement of any Proceeding in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Section 4.7, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing and the Company shall assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, and shall assume the payment of all fees and expenses relating to such Proceeding; provided, however, that the failure of any Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder except to the extent that the Company is actually and materially prejudiced in the defense of such Proceeding by such failure to notify. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any such Proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person; provided, that such fees and expenses shall be paid by the Company if (i) the Company and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the retention of such counsel, (ii) the Company shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person in such Proceeding or (iii) in the reasonable judgment of counsel to such Indemnified Person, representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. The Company shall not be liable for (i) any settlement by an Indemnified Person of any Proceeding effected without the Companys prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) or (ii) fees or costs incurred pursuant to this Section 4.7 to the extent such fees or costs are attributable to the Indemnified Persons breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by Purchaser in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. Without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), the Company shall not effect any settlement of any pending or threatened Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability arising out of such Proceeding. 

(c)

Payments. Once a Loss is agreed to by the Company or finally adjudicated to be payable to an Indemnified Person pursuant to this Section 4.7, the Company shall satisfy its indemnification obligations to such Indemnified Person within 15 days of such agreement or final 

15

adjudication by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such Indemnified Person in accordance with wire transfer instructions to be provided by such Indemnified Person.

4.8

Right to Future Stock Issuances.

(a)

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 4.8 and applicable securities laws, if the Company proposes to offer or sell any shares of Common Stock or new shares of preferred stock (New Securities), the Company shall first offer that portion of such New Securities prescribed by Section 4.8(c) to Purchaser. 

(b)

The Company shall give notice (the Offer Notice) to Purchaser, stating (i) its bona fide intention to offer such New Securities, (ii) the number of such New Securities to be offered, and (iii) the price and terms, if any, upon which it proposes to offer such New Securities.

(c)

By notification to the Company within five (5) business days after the Offer Notice is given, Purchaser may elect to purchase or otherwise acquire, at the price and on the terms specified in the Offer Notice, up to that portion of such New Securities which equals the proportion that the Common Stock then held by Purchaser. 

(d)

The right of first offer in this Section 4.8 shall not be applied to any securities: (i) issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options; (ii) issued upon the conversion of any outstanding securities; (iii) issued pursuant to any equity incentive plan of the Company. 

(e)

The covenants set forth in this Section 4.8 shall terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the date that Purchaser no longer holds any Series B Preferred Stock.

4.9

Stockholder Meeting. The Company shall hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders on or prior to the date that is 180 days following the Closing Date for the purpose of obtaining stockholder approval of the exercise of the Warrants, with the recommendation of the Companys Board of Directors that such proposals are approved, and the Company shall solicit proxies from its stockholders in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposals. 

ARTICLE V

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING

5.1

Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of Purchaser to Purchase the Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants. The obligation of Purchaser to acquire the Series B Preferred Stock and the Warrants at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment to Purchasers satisfaction, on or prior to the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived by Purchaser: 

(a)

Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties which are qualified as to materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date when made 

16

and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date, except for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date.

(b)

Performance. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing. 

(c)

No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

(d)

Consents. The Company shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations, waivers and the Required Approvals that are necessary for consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants at the Closing, all of which shall be and remain so long as necessary in full force and effect. For the avoidance of doubt, any of the Required Approvals, including without limitation the approval by the Companys shareholders for exercise of the Warrants (the Shareholder Approval), that are not necessary for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants at the Closing shall not be required by this Section 5.1(d). 

(e)

Company Deliverables. The Company shall have delivered the Company Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(a). 

(f)

Compliance Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to Purchaser a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and signed by its Chief Executive Officer, certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Sections 5.1(a), (b) and (e). 

5.2

Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Company to sell the Series B Preferred Stock and the Warrants. The Companys obligation to sell and issue to Purchaser the Series B Preferred Stock and the Warrants at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment to the satisfaction of the Company on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions, any of which may be waived by the Company: 

(a)

Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by Purchaser in Section 3.3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties which are qualified as to materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date when made, and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date, except for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date. 

(b)

Performance. Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by Purchaser at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(c)

No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or 

17

governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(d)

Consents. The Company shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations, waivers and the Required Approvals that are necessary for consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants at the Closing, all of which shall be and remain so long as necessary in full force and effect. For the avoidance of doubt, any of the Required Approvals, including, without limitation, the Shareholder Approval, that are not necessary for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants at the Closing shall not be required by this Section 5.2(d). 

(e)

Purchaser Deliverables. Purchaser shall have delivered its Purchaser Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(b). 

ARTICLE VI

MISCELLANEOUS 

6.1

Fees and Expenses. The Company and Purchaser shall pay the fees and expenses of their respective advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay any transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the sale and issuance of the Securities to Purchaser. Purchaser shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring the Securities purchased by it.

6.2

Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, and any confidentiality or nondisclosure agreement entered into between Purchaser and the Company prior to the date of this Agreement with respect to the transactions contemplated thereby, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, discussions and representations, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. At or after the Closing, and without further consideration, the Company and Purchaser will execute and deliver to the other such further documents as may be reasonably requested in order to give practical effect to the intention of the parties under the Transaction Documents. 

6.3

Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, by facsimile or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service. Any notice or other communications or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email to the email address set forth in this Section 6.3, (b) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile (provided the sender receives a machine-generated confirmation of successful transmission) at the facsimile number set forth in this Section 6.3 prior to 5:30 p.m. (Eastern time) on any Trading Day, (c) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section 6.3 on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. Eastern time) on any Trading Day, 

18

(d) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service with next day delivery specified or (e) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as follows:

If to the Company: Conifer Holdings Inc.

3001 West Big Beaver Road

Troy, Michigan 48084

Telephone No.: (248) 559-0840

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Email:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Honigman LLP

2290 First National Building

660 Woodward Avenue

Detroit, Michigan 48226-3506 

Telephone No.: 269.337.7702

Attention: Donald J. Kunz, Esq.

Email:

If to Purchaser: Clarkston 91 West LLC

303 E 3rd Street #110

Rochester, Michigan 48307

Attn.:

Telephone:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Kerr Russell

500 Woodward Avenue, Suite 2500

Detroit, Michigan 48226

Telephone no.: 313.961.0200

Attention: John D. Gatti

Email:

6.4

Amendments; Waivers; No Additional Consideration. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchaser, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 6.4 shall be binding upon Purchaser and the Company.

19

6.5

Construction. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents. 

6.6

Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Company without the written consent of Purchaser except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. Purchaser may assign its rights hereunder in whole or in part to any Person to whom Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities in compliance with the Transaction Documents and applicable law (including in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by such Securities), provided that such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the terms and conditions of this Agreement that apply to Purchaser. 

6.7

No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

6.8

Survival. Subject to applicable statute of limitations, the representations, warranties agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities and any confidentiality or nondisclosure obligations set forth in any agreement entered into between the Company and Purchaser prior to the date of this Agreement with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents shall survive according to the terms of such agreement(s). 

6.9

Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page were an original thereof. 

6.10

Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement. 

6.11

Replacement of the Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any of the outstanding Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue 

20

or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction and the execution by the holder thereof of a customary lost certificate affidavit of that fact and an agreement to indemnify and hold harmless the Company for any losses in connection therewith. The applicants for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. If a replacement certificate or instrument evidencing any of the Securities is requested due to a mutilation thereof, the Company may require delivery of such mutilated certificate or instrument as a condition precedent to any issuance of a replacement.

6.12

Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agree to waive in any action for specific performance of any such obligation (other than in connection with any action for a temporary restraining order) the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

6.13

Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the Michigan Courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Michigan Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such Michigan Court, or that such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

Signatures on the Following Page

21

In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Conifer Holdings Inc.

By: /s/ Brian Roney

Name: Brian Roney

Title: President and Chief Executive

Officer 

Clarkston 91 West LLC

By: /s/ Salvatore F. Gianino

Name: Salvatore F. Gianino

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to

Securities Purchase Agreement

Exhibit A

Conifer Holdings Inc.

Certificate of Designation of

Series B Preferred Stock

Exhibit A

Exhibit B

CONIFER HOLDINGS INC. 

CEO CERTIFICATE 

February 27, 2025

Reference is made to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), by and amongst Conifer Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Clarkston 91 West LLC, a Michigan limited liability company. This CEOs Certificate (this Certificate) is being delivered pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(iii) of the Purchase Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

I, Brian J. Roney, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, solely in my capacity as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, that:

1. Each individual whose name, titles and signature appear below is a duly elected or appointed, qualified and acting representative of the Company holding the title set forth opposite his name below, and that the signature set forth opposite each individuals name is the genuine signature of that individual; each such individual is authorized to sign on behalf of the Company as of the date of the execution of this Certificate and was so authorized on the date of execution of the Transaction Documents and related documents.

Name 

Title 

Signature

Harold J. Meloche 

Chief Financial Officer

/s/ Harold J. Meloche ________

Brian J. Roney 

Chief Executive Officer and President

/s/ Brian J. Roney______________

2. Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a true, correct, complete and current copy of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) or the Transaction Committee of the Board (the Transaction Committee), as applicable, approving the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the issuance of the Securities, which resolutions were duly adopted by the Board or the Transaction Committee, as applicable, and none of such resolutions has been amended, modified or repealed in any respect, and all of such resolutions are in full force and effect on the date hereof.

3. Attached hereto as Exhibit B is a true, correct, complete and current copy of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended to date, including the Certificates of Designation, and the same has not been subsequently amended.

4. Attached hereto as Exhibit Cis a true, correct, complete and current copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company and the same have not been subsequently amended.

Exhibit B

In Witness Whereof, the undersigned has executed and delivered this certificate for and on behalf of Conifer Holdings Inc. as of the date first set forth above.

Conifer Holdings Inc.

By: 

Name: Brian J. Roney

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit B

Exhibit C

ACCREDITED INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE

Exhibit C

Exhibit D

FORM OF WARRANT

Exhibit D
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cnfr-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. THE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. THE COMPANY MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. THIS SECURITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, COPIES OF WHICH ARE AVAILABLE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY.

Conifer Holdings, Inc.

Warrant to Purchase Common Stock

Number of Shares: 4,000,000 (subject to adjustment)

Warrant No. 2025-1

Conifer Holdings, Inc., a Michigan corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Clarkston 91 West LLC, a Michigan limited liability company or its registered assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company up to a total of 4,000,000 shares of the Common Stock, no par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at an exercise price per share equal to $1.50 per share (as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9 herein, the Exercise Price) upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after the Stockholder Approval Date (the Initial Exercise Date) and through and including the earlier of 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on January 31, 2027 or the expiration or termination of this Warrant as set forth herein (the Expiration Date), subject to the following terms and conditions:

1.

Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

a.

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

b.

Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as reported by Bloomberg L.P., or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the last trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg L.P., or if the security is not listed for trading on a Trading Market on the relevant date, the last quoted bid price for the security in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then the fair market value shall be determined by an independent qualified appraiser selected mutually by the Company and the Holder and paid for by the Company. The independent qualified appraisers determination shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable error. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

c.

Commission and/or SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

d.

Marketable Securities means securities meeting all of the following requirements: (i) the issuer thereof is then subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and is then current in its filing of all required reports and other information under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; (ii) the class and series of shares or other security of the issuer that would be received by Holder in connection with the Fundamental Transaction (as defined below) were Holder to exercise this Warrant on or prior to the closing thereof is then traded or quoted on a nationally recognized securities exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or over-the-counter market, and (iii) following the closing of such Fundamental Transaction, the Holder would not be restricted from publicly re-selling all of the issuers shares and/or other securities that would be received by the Holder in such Fundamental Transaction were the Holder to exercise or convert this Warrant in full on or prior to the closing of such Fundamental Transaction, except to the extent that any such restriction (x) arises solely under applicable securities laws, rules or regulations, and (y) does not extend beyond six (6) months from the closing of such Fundamental Transaction.

e.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

f.

Principal Trading Market means the Trading Market, if any, on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading.

2

g.

Stockholder Approval means such approval as may be required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any successor entity) from the shareholders of the Company with respect to issuance of all of the Warrants and the Warrant Shares upon the exercise thereof.

h.

Stockholder Approval Date means the date on which Stockholder Approval is received and deemed effective under Michigan law.

i.

Trading Day means a day on which the Principal Trading Market is open for trading. If the Common Stock is not listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

j.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

k.

Transfer Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the Companys transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock, and any successor appointed in such capacity.

2.

Warrant Register. The Company shall register ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

3.

Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all applicable securities laws, the conditions herein and such reasonable requirements as the Company may require, the Company shall, or will cause the Transfer Agent to, register the transfer of all or any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and payment for all applicable transfer taxes (if any). Upon any such registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase Common Stock in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. The Company shall, or will cause the Transfer Agent to, prepare, issue and deliver at the Companys own expense any New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. This Warrant and the Warrant Shares are and 

3

may continue to be subject to resale restrictions and hold periods, and the Holder (and any transferee) should consult its legal advisor in respect of the same. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred portion of this Warrant under the Securities Act. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

4.

Exercise and Duration of Warrant.

a.

All or any part of this Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant at any time and from time to time on or after the Initial Exercise Date and through and including the Expiration Date.

b.

The Holder may exercise this Warrant by delivering to the Company an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 attached hereto (the Exercise Notice), completed and duly signed. Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of delivery of the Exercise Notice, the Holder shall make payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised (which may take the form of a cashless exercise if so indicated in the Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 10 below). The date on which such Exercise Notice is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions hereof) is an Exercise Date; provided, that if the Exercise Price is not delivered on or before one (1) Trading Day following the date of delivery of the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Date shall be deemed to be one (1) Trading Day following the date of that the Exercise Price is delivered to the Company. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

5.

Delivery of Warrant Shares. Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than two (2) Trading Days after the Exercise Date) credit such 

4

aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise in book entry form with the Transfer Agent.

6.

Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery of certificates for shares of the Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, fees of the Transfer Agent or other incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates for Warrant Shares or this Warrant in a name other than that of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

7.

Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case, a customary and reasonable indemnity and surety bond, if requested by the Company which shall not be required if the Holder provides an affidavit of loss and self-indemnity. Applicants for a New Warrant under such circumstances shall also comply with such other reasonable regulations and procedures and pay such other reasonable third-party costs as the Company may prescribe (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall not be required to pay any costs related to legal counsel for the Company). If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant to the Company as a condition precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant.

8.

Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that it will, at all times while this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are then issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 9). The Company covenants that all of the Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and non-assessable. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such shares of the Common Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company further covenants that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Holder, take any actions to increase the par value of the Common Stock at any time while this Warrant is outstanding.

9.

Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 9.

5

a.

Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on shares of the Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock issued and outstanding on the Original Issue Date and in accordance with the terms of such stock on the Original Issue Date that is payable in shares of the Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its outstanding shares of the Common Stock into a larger number of shares of the Common Stock, (iii) combines its outstanding shares of the Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of the Common Stock or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of capital stock any additional shares of the Common Stock of the Company, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor, the Exercise Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Exercise Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends. Any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

b.

Pro Rata Distributions. I f the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, distributes to all holders of shares of the Common Stock for no consideration (i) evidences of its indebtedness, (ii) any security (other than a distribution of shares of the Common Stock covered by the preceding paragraph), (iii) rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security, or (iv) cash or any other asset (in each case, a Distribution), other than a reclassification as to which Section 9c applies, then in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of the Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the ownership limitation set forth in Section 11.a hereof) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of the Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the ownership limitation set forth in Section 11.a hereof, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of the Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the earlier of (i) such time, if ever, as the delivery to such Holder of such portion would not result in the Holder exceeding the ownership limitation set forth in Section 11.a hereof and (ii) such time as the Holder has exercised this Warrant.

c.

Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity and in which the 

6

stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company effects any sale to another Person of all or substantially all of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person), holders of capital stock tender shares representing more than 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company and the Company or such other Person, as applicable, accepts such tender for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a stock purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company (not including any shares of the Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination and excluding shares acquired upon conversion of any currently outstanding convertible securities in accordance with the terms thereof as in effect on the date hereof) or (v) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of the Common Stock covered by Section 9a above) (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction), then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on exercise contained herein (the Alternate Consideration). The Company shall not effect any Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another Person unless (i) the Alternate Consideration is solely cash and the Company provides for the simultaneous cashless exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 10 below or (ii) prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or other Person (including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to receive, and the other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph (c) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous of a Fundamental Transaction type. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction where the consideration payable to holders of the Common Stock consists solely of cash, solely of Marketable Securities or a combination of cash and Marketable Securities, then this Warrant shall automatically be deemed to be exercised in full in a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 10 below effective immediately prior to and contingent upon the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction.

d.

Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 9 (including any adjustment to the Exercise Price that would have been effected but for the final sentence in this paragraph (d)), the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or 

7

decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may the Exercise Price be adjusted below the par value of the Common Stock then in effect.

e.

Calculations. All calculations under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest one-tenth of one cent or the nearest share, as applicable.

f.

Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder, promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the Transfer Agent.

g.

Notice of Corporate Events. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property in respect of its Common Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, except if such notice and the contents thereof shall be deemed to constitute material non-public information, the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such transaction at least ten (10) days prior to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in order to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction; provided, however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated by Section 9c, other than a Fundamental Transaction under clause (iii) of Section 9c, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least ten (10) days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction is consummated. Holder agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant to this Section 9g in confidence until such information is publicly available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect to trading in the Companys securities following receipt any such information.

10.

Payment of Exercise Price. This Warrant shall be exercised for cash; provided, however, that if at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for, the issuance of the Warrant Shares, and there is also no effective registration statement registering the resale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares, then the Holder may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the 

8

Exercise Price through a cashless exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of the Warrant Shares in an exchange of securities effected pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, as determined as follows:

X = Y [(A-B)/A]

where:

X equals the number of the Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder;

Y equals the total number of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised;

A equals the Closing Sale Price per share of the Common Stock as of the Trading Day immediately preceding the Exercise Date if the Exercise Notice is delivered prior to market close on the Exercise Date; and

B equals the Exercise Price per Warrant Share then in effect on the Exercise Date.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the date this Warrant was originally issued (provided that the Commission continues to take the position that such treatment is proper at the time of such exercise). Except as set forth in Section 11 (payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be settled in cash.

11.

No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable, the number of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional shares.

12.

Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective, whether or not received by the recipient party, on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service specifying next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if by hand delivery. The addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Conifer Holdings, Inc.

Attention: CEO

9

3001 West Big Beaver Road, Suite 319

Troy, Michigan 48084

Email:

If to the Holder, notice shall be given to:

Clarkson 91 West LLC

Attn: 303 E 3rd Street #110

Rochester, Michigan 49307

Email:

Or, in each of the above instances, notice shall be given to such other address or e-mail address as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party.

13.

Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as warrant agent under this Warrant. Upon ten (10) days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

14.

Miscellaneous.

a.

No Rights as a Stockholder. The Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

b.

Authorized Shares. Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate or articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking 

10

of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

c.

Successors and Assigns. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, this Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company without the written consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Holder and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors and assigns.

d.

Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of the Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

e.

Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

f.

Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR 

11

CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

g.

Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

h.

Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the Company and the Holder will attempt in good faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant.

Signatures on the Following Page

12

In Witness Whereof, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.

Conifer Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Brian Roney 

Name: Brian Roney 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase shares of the Common Stock under the Warrant]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

(1) The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. ___ (the Warrant) issued by Conifer Holdings, Inc., a Michigan corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

(2) The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one):

Cash Exercise

Cashless Exercise under Section 10 of the Warrant

(4) If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall pay the sum of $ in immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. The Warrant Shares shall be delivered in book entry form.

(6) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the number of shares of the Common Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) permitted to be owned under Section 11.a of the Warrant to which this notice relates.

Dated: 

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

SSN/EIN: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cnfr-ex10_3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March 3, 2025 by and between Conifer Holdings Inc., a Michigan corporation (the Company), and Clarkston 91 West LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (Purchaser).

Recitals

Whereas, the Company and Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506 of Regulation D (Regulation D) as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act; and

Whereas, the Company desires to issue to Purchaser, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement: (i) 500 shares of Series B Preferred Stock of the Company, no par value per share (Series B Preferred Stock, or the Securities), for an aggregate purchase price of two million five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000).

Agreement

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Purchaser hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1

Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.1: 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. With respect to Purchaser, any investment fund or managed account that is managed on a discretionary basis by the same investment manager as Purchaser will be deemed to be an Affiliate of Purchaser.

Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock on the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.1.

1

Closing Date means the Trading Day when all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.1, 2.2, 5.1 and 5.2 hereof are satisfied or waived, as the case may be, or such other date as the parties may agree.

Commission has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Common Stock means the common stock, no par value per share, of the Company, and also includes any other class of securities into which the Common Stock may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time shares of the Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, shares of the Common Stock or other securities that entitle the holder to receive, directly or indirectly, shares of the Common Stock.

Company Covered Person means, with respect to the Company as an issuer for purposes of Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act, any Person listed in the first paragraph of Rule 506(d)(1).

Companys Knowledge means with respect to any statement made to the Companys Knowledge, that the statement is based upon the actual knowledge of the officers of the Company having responsibility for the matter or matters that are the subject of the statement, after reasonable inquiry.

Control (including the terms controlling, controlled by or under common control with) with respect to any Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fundamental Transaction means any event pursuant to which (a) the Company effects (i) any merger of the Company with (but not into) another Person, in which shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than a majority of the outstanding stock of the surviving entity, or (ii) any merger or consolidation of the Company into another Person, (b) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (c) any tender offer or exchange offer approved or authorized by the Companys Board of Directors is completed pursuant to which holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Common Stock tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (d) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock covered by Section 6.11 below or as a result of a transaction, the primary purpose of which is to change the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company).

2

GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Insolvent means, with respect to any Person, (a) the present fair saleable value of such Persons assets is less than the amount required to pay such Persons debts as they become due, (b) such Person is unable to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured or (c) such Person has unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is currently proposed to be conducted.

Lien means any lien, charge, claim, encumbrance, security interest, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restrictions of any kind.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on the results of operations, shareholders equity, assets, business or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except that any of the following, either alone or in combination, shall not be deemed a Material Adverse Effect: (a) effects caused by changes or circumstances affecting general market conditions in the U.S. or applicable foreign economy or which are generally applicable to the industry in which the Company operates, provided that such effects are not borne disproportionately by the Company, or (b) effects caused by earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, wildfires or other large-scale natural disasters, hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions or any escalation or material worsening of any such hostilities, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism or military actions existing as of the date hereof.

Material Contract means any contract of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company that has been filed or was required to have been filed as an exhibit to the SEC Reports pursuant to Item 601(b)(4) or Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K.

Michigan Courts means the state and federal courts with jurisdiction over Oakland County, Michigan.

Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, business trust, association, joint stock company, joint venture, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization, governmental authority or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein.

Principal Trading Market means the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading, which, as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, shall be the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened, before or by any federal, state, county, local or foreign court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency, regulatory authority, stock market, stock exchange or trading facility.

Regulation D has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Required Approvals has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(e) hereof.

3

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SEC Report has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(h) hereof.

Securities has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Series B Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Series B Purchase Price means $5,000 per share of Series B Preferred Stock.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, include any subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Takeover Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Trading Day means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Trading Market (other than the OTCMarkets), or (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on a Trading Market (other than the OTCMarkets), a day on which the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the OTCMarkets, or (iii) if the Common Stock is not quoted on any Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market as reported in the OTCMarkets Pink Open Market (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices); provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof, then Trading Day shall mean a Business Day.

Trading Market means whichever of the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market or the OTCMarkets on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question.

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto, and any other documents or agreements explicitly contemplated hereunder.

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND SALE 

2.1

Closing.

(a)

Sale of the Series B Preferred Stock. At the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company shall issue and sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase from the Company, 500 shares of Series B Preferred Stock for a purchase price equal to two million five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000).

(b)

Closing. The Closing of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock shall take place at the offices of Honigman LLP, 2290 First National Building, 660 

4

Woodward Avenue, Detroit, Michigan 48226-3506 on the Closing Date or at such other location(s) or remotely by facsimile transmission or other electronic means as the parties may mutually agree.

(c)

Deliverables. On the Closing Date, the Company and Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing.

2.2

Closing Deliveries.

(a)

Company Deliverables. On or prior to the Closing, the Company shall issue, deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser the following (the Company Deliverables): 

(i)

the Series B Preferred Stock either in certificate or in book entry form; and

(ii)

a certificate of the CEO of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, dated as of the Closing Date, (A) certifying the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, (B) certifying the current versions of the articles of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, as amended, of the Company and (C) certifying as to the signatures and authority of persons signing the Transaction Documents and related documents on behalf of the Company.

(b)

Purchaser Deliverables. On or prior to the Closing, Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following, with respect to Purchaser (the Purchaser Deliverables): 

(i)

the Series B Purchase Price payable for the Securities, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds by wire transfer to a bank account designated by the Company.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3.1

Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date), to Purchaser: 

(a)

Subsidiaries. The Company has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries other than those listed in the SEC Reports. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or comparable equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any and all Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or comparable equity interest of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. 

(b)

Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with 

5

the requisite corporate (or other applicable) power and authority to own or lease and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted and, in the case of the Company, to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation or default of any of the provisions of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other organizational documents. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document or the Companys ability to perform on a timely basis its material obligations under any Transaction Document; and no Proceeding has been instituted, is pending, or, to the Companys Knowledge, has been threatened in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)

Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The Companys execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated thereby (including, but not limited to, the sale and delivery of the Securities) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, and no further corporate action is required by the Company, its Board of Directors or its shareholders in connection therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. Each of the Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and is, or when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(d)

No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities) do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provisions of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate of incorporation or bylaws, each as amended, or other similar organizational documents of any Subsidiary, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would result in a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any Material Contract, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations, assuming 

6

the correctness of the representations and warranties made by Purchaser herein, of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject, including all applicable Trading Markets), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document or the Companys ability to perform on a timely basis its material obligations under any Transaction Document.

(e)

Filings, Consents and Approvals. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to obtain any consent, waiver, approval, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority, holder of outstanding securities of the Company or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents (including the issuance of the Securities), (i) filings required by applicable state securities laws, (ii) the filing of a Notice of Sale of Securities on Form D with the Commission under Regulation D under the Securities Act, (iii) the filing of any requisite notices and/or application(s) to the Principal Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filings required in accordance with Section 4.6 of this Agreement, (vi) those that have been made or obtained prior to the date of this Agreement (collectively, the Required Approvals). 

(f)

Issuance of the Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, and will be free and clear of all Liens, other than restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4.1 hereof or imposed by applicable securities laws, and shall not be subject to preemptive or similar rights of shareholders. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Purchaser in this Agreement, the Securities will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. No bad actor disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event) is applicable to the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any Company Covered Person, except for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(iiiv) or (d)(3), is applicable. 

(g)

Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as described in its SEC Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, except for issuances pursuant to this Agreement, stock option exercises, restricted stock unit delivery, issuances pursuant to equity incentive plans described in the SEC Reports or exercises of warrants, or issuances of warrants. The Company has not issued any capital stock since the date of its most recently filed SEC Report. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents that have not been effectively waived as of the Closing Date. Except as set described in the SEC Reports or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of the Common Stock or other securities, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of the Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company 

7

to issue shares of the Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than Purchaser) and will not result in a right of any holder of the Companys securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities which violation would have or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document or the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document. Except as set forth in the SEC Filings, there are no shareholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the Companys Knowledge, between or among any of the Companys shareholders.

(h)

SEC Reports; Disclosure Materials. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the 12 months preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein and the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports, and the SEC Reports, together with the Disclosure Schedules, being collectively referred to as the Disclosure Materials) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension, except where the failure to file on a timely basis would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. As of their respective filing dates, or to the extent corrected by a subsequent amendment, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each of the Material Contracts to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or to which the property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are subject has been filed (or incorporated by reference) as an exhibit to the SEC Reports. 

(i)

Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements (including the notes and schedules thereto) of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing (or to the extent corrected by a subsequent amendment). Such consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes or schedules thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects, for the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole, their financial position as of the dates thereof and their results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited financial statements, to normal, immaterial year-end audit adjustments. 

8

(j)

Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.3 of this Agreement, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to Purchaser under the Transaction Documents. Subject to obtaining the Required Approvals, the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Principal Trading Market. 

(k)

No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. 

3.2

Anti-Takeover Provisions. The Company has taken all actions necessary to render inapplicable to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and inapplicable to Purchaser or any Affiliate thereof, any and all fair price, moratorium, control share acquisition, business combination and other similar restrictions set forth in statutes or regulations of any state or jurisdiction (collectively, Takeover Laws), and no Takeover Law applies or will apply to the Company or any Subsidiary, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby

3.3

Representations and Warranties of Purchaser. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows: 

(a)

Organization; Authority. Purchaser is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite corporate, limited liability company or partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the applicable Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery of by Purchaser of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and performance by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or, if Purchaser is not a corporation, such partnership, limited liability company or other applicable like action, on the part of Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by Purchaser, and when delivered by Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. 

(b)

No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of Purchaser, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would result in a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which Purchaser is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including, assuming the correctness of the Companys representations and warranties contained herein, federal and state securities laws) applicable to Purchaser, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such 

9

conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder.

(c)

Investment Intent. Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to, or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws, provided, however, that by making the representations herein, Purchaser does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum period of time and reserves the right, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or under an exemption from such registration and in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. Purchaser does not presently have any agreement, plan or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute or effect any distribution of any of the Securities to or through any Person; Purchaser is not a registered broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered as a broker-dealer. 

(d)

Purchaser Status. At the time Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and at the date hereof it is, an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. 

(e)

General Solicitation. Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general advertisement. 

(f)

Experience of Purchaser. Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(g)

Access to Information. Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the SEC Filings and has been afforded the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or on behalf of Purchaser or its representatives or counsel shall modify, amend or affect Purchasers right to rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness of the Companys representations and warranties contained in the Transaction Documents. 

(h)

Brokers and Finders. No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest or claim against or upon the Company or Purchaser for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of Purchaser. 

10

(i)

Independent Investment Decision. Purchaser has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to enter into the Transaction Documents, and Purchaser confirms that it has not relied on the advice of any other non-affiliated Purchasers investment manager and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Purchaser understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisers as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities. 

(j)

Reliance on Exemptions. Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and accuracy of, and Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of Purchaser to acquire the Securities. 

The Company and Purchaser acknowledge and agree that no party to this Agreement has made or makes any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Article III and the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE IV

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

4.1

Transfer Restrictions. 

(a)

Compliance with Securities Laws. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IV, Purchaser covenants that the Securities acquired by Purchaser pursuant to the Transaction Documents may be disposed of only pursuant to an effective registration statement under, and in compliance with the requirements of, the Securities Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities other than (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement, (ii) to the Company, (iii) pursuant to Rule 144 (once Rule 144 becomes available for the resale of securities of the Company and provided that Purchaser provides the Company with reasonable assurances (in the form of seller and, if applicable, broker representation letters) that the securities may be sold pursuant to such rule) or (iv) in connection with a bona fide pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee in a transaction not referenced in clauses (i)-(iv) above shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights of Purchaser under this Agreement with respect to such transferred Securities. 

(b)

Legends. Book-entry statements or stock certificates evidencing the Securities shall bear any legend as required by the blue sky laws of any state and a restrictive 

11

legend in substantially the following form, until such time as they are not required under Section 4.1(c):

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B) AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS TRANSFER AGENT, (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (III) UNLESS SOLD TO THE COMPANY.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser may from time to time pledge, and/or grant a security interest in, some or all of the legended Securities in connection with applicable securities laws, pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement in compliance with a bona fide margin loan. Such a pledge would not be subject to approval or consent of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel to the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection with the pledge, but such legal opinion shall be required in connection with a subsequent transfer or foreclosure following default by Purchaser transferee of the pledge. No notice shall be required of such pledge, but Purchasers transferee shall promptly notify the Company of any such subsequent transfer or foreclosure of such legended Securities. Purchaser acknowledges that the Company shall not be responsible for any pledges relating to, or the grant of any security interest in, any of the Securities or for any agreement, understanding or arrangement between Purchaser and its pledgee or secured party. At Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act and the regulations promulgated to appropriately amend the list of selling shareholders thereunder. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, except as otherwise provided in Section 4.1(c), any Securities subject to a pledge or security interest as contemplated by this Section 4.1(b) shall continue to bear the legend set forth in this Section 4.1(b) and be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4.1(a).

(c)

Removal of Legends. The legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement representing the applicable Securities, without any legend, if (i) such Securities are registered for resale under the Securities Act, (ii) such Securities are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 (if the transferor is not an Affiliate of the Company), or (iii) such Securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such securities and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions. 

12

(d)

Acknowledgement. Purchaser acknowledges its primary responsibilities under the Securities Act and accordingly will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities or any interest therein without complying with the requirements of the Securities Act and applicable law. 

4.2

Reserved. 

4.3

Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. On or before 9:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the Business Day immediately following the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press release (the Press Release) reasonably acceptable to Purchaser disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby. On or before 5:30 p.m., Eastern time, on the fourth Trading Day immediately following the execution of this Agreement, the Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission describing the terms of the Transaction Documents (and including as exhibits to such Current Report on Form 8-K the material Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of Purchaser, any Affiliate of Purchaser, or any investment adviser of Purchaser, or include the name of Purchaser, any Affiliate of Purchaser or any investment adviser of Purchaser in any press release or filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of Purchaser, except (i) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents (including signature pages thereto) with the Commission and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, request of the staff of the Commission or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide Purchaser with prior written notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (ii). 

4.4

Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement under any other written agreement between the Company and Purchaser. 

4.5

Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Series B Preferred Stock hereunder for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

4.6

Form D; Blue Sky. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon the written request of Purchaser. The Company, on or before the Closing Date, shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for or to qualify the Securities for sale to Purchaser at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification) and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon the written request of Purchaser. 

4.7

Indemnification of Purchaser. 

(a)

Indemnification. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.7, the Company will indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser and its Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, managers, employees, representatives, investment advisers and 

13

agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, managers, employees, representatives, investment advisers and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person (each, a Purchaser Party), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against, and shall pay and reimburse them for, any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation) (collectively, Losses), as incurred, that any Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of, based upon, arising out of or otherwise relating to (i) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of, or breach or nonfulfillment of any of covenants or agreements made by, the Company in any Company or (ii) any Proceeding instituted against Purchaser in any capacity, or any Purchaser Party, by any Person who is not an Affiliate of Purchaser or other Purchaser Party seeking indemnification, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless, and only to the extent that, such Proceeding is based upon a breach of Purchasers representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any other agreement with the Company entered into in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, or any violations by the Purchaser of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by Purchaser which constitutes fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).

(b)

Procedures. Promptly after receipt by any Purchaser Party (the Indemnified Person) of notice of any demand, claim or circumstances which would or might give rise to a claim or the commencement of any Proceeding in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Section 4.7, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing and the Company shall assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, and shall assume the payment of all fees and expenses relating to such Proceeding; provided, however, that the failure of any Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder except to the extent that the Company is actually and materially prejudiced in the defense of such Proceeding by such failure to notify. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any such Proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person; provided, that such fees and expenses shall be paid by the Company if (i) the Company and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the retention of such counsel, (ii) the Company shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person in such Proceeding or (iii) in the reasonable judgment of counsel to such Indemnified Person, representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. The Company shall not be liable for (i) any settlement by an Indemnified Person of any Proceeding effected without the Companys prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) or (ii) fees or costs incurred pursuant to this Section 4.7 to the extent such fees or costs are attributable to the Indemnified Persons breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by Purchaser in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. Without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), the Company shall not effect any settlement of any pending or threatened 

14

Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability arising out of such Proceeding.

(c)

Payments. Once a Loss is agreed to by the Company or finally adjudicated to be payable to an Indemnified Person pursuant to this Section 4.7, the Company shall satisfy its indemnification obligations to such Indemnified Person within 15 days of such agreement or final adjudication by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such Indemnified Person in accordance with wire transfer instructions to be provided by such Indemnified Person.

4.8

Right to Future Stock Issuances.

(a)

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 4.8 and applicable securities laws, if the Company proposes to offer or sell any shares of Common Stock or new shares of preferred stock (New Securities), the Company shall first offer that portion of such New Securities prescribed by Section 4.8(c) to Purchaser. 

(b)

The Company shall give notice (the Offer Notice) to Purchaser, stating (i) its bona fide intention to offer such New Securities, (ii) the number of such New Securities to be offered, and (iii) the price and terms, if any, upon which it proposes to offer such New Securities.

(c)

By notification to the Company within five (5) business days after the Offer Notice is given, Purchaser may elect to purchase or otherwise acquire, at the price and on the terms specified in the Offer Notice, up to that portion of such New Securities which equals the proportion that the Common Stock then held by Purchaser. 

(d)

The right of first offer in this Section 4.8 shall not be applied to any securities: (i) issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options; (ii) issued upon the conversion of any outstanding securities; (iii) issued pursuant to any equity incentive plan of the Company. 

(e)

The covenants set forth in this Section 4.8 shall terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the date that Purchaser no longer holds any Series B Preferred Stock.

ARTICLE V

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING

5.1

Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of Purchaser to Purchase the Series B Preferred Stock. The obligation of Purchaser to acquire the Series B Preferred Stock at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment to Purchasers satisfaction, on or prior to the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived by Purchaser: 

(a)

Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties which are qualified as to materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date when made 

15

and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date, except for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date.

(b)

Performance. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing. 

(c)

No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

(d)

Consents. The Company shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations, waivers and the Required Approvals that are necessary for consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock at the Closing, all of which shall be and remain so long as necessary in full force and effect. For the avoidance of doubt, any of the Required Approvals, that are not necessary for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock at the Closing shall not be required by this Section 5.1(d). 

(e)

Company Deliverables. The Company shall have delivered the Company Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(a). 

(f)

Compliance Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to Purchaser a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and signed by its Chief Executive Officer, certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Sections 5.1(a), (b) and (e). 

5.2

Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Company to sell the Series B Preferred Stock. The Companys obligation to sell and issue to Purchaser the Series B Preferred Stock at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment to the satisfaction of the Company on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions, any of which may be waived by the Company: 

(a)

Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by Purchaser in Section 3.3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties which are qualified as to materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date when made, and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date, except for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date. 

(b)

Performance. Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by Purchaser at or prior to the Closing Date. 

(c)

No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

16

(d)

Consents. The Company shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations, waivers and the Required Approvals that are necessary for consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock at the Closing, all of which shall be and remain so long as necessary in full force and effect. For the avoidance of doubt, any of the Required Approvals, including, without limitation, the Shareholder Approval, that are not necessary for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series B Preferred Stock at the Closing shall not be required by this Section 5.2(d). 

(e)

Purchaser Deliverables. Purchaser shall have delivered its Purchaser Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(b). 

ARTICLE VI

MISCELLANEOUS 

6.1

Fees and Expenses. The Company and Purchaser shall pay the fees and expenses of their respective advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay any transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the sale and issuance of the Securities to Purchaser. Purchaser shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring the Securities purchased by it.

6.2

Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, and any confidentiality or nondisclosure agreement entered into between Purchaser and the Company prior to the date of this Agreement with respect to the transactions contemplated thereby, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, discussions and representations, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. At or after the Closing, and without further consideration, the Company and Purchaser will execute and deliver to the other such further documents as may be reasonably requested in order to give practical effect to the intention of the parties under the Transaction Documents. 

6.3

Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email, by facsimile or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service. Any notice or other communications or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email to the email address set forth in this Section 6.3, (b) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile (provided the sender receives a machine-generated confirmation of successful transmission) at the facsimile number set forth in this Section 6.3 prior to 5:30 p.m. (Eastern time) on any Trading Day, (c) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section 6.3 on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. Eastern time) on any Trading Day, (d) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service with next day delivery specified or (e) upon actual receipt by the party to whom 

17

such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as follows:

If to the Company: Conifer Holdings Inc.

3001 West Big Beaver Road

Troy, Michigan 48084

Telephone No.: (248) 559-0840

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Email:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Honigman LLP

2290 First National Building

660 Woodward Avenue

Detroit, Michigan 48226-3506 

Telephone No.: 269.337.7702

Attention: Donald J. Kunz, Esq.

Email:

If to Purchaser: Clarkston 91 West LLC

303 E 3rd Street #110

Rochester, Michigan 48307

Attn.:

Telephone:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Kerr Russell

500 Woodward Avenue, Suite 2500

Detroit, Michigan 48226

Telephone no.: 313.961.0200

Attention: John D. Gatti

Email:

6.4

Amendments; Waivers; No Additional Consideration. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchaser, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 6.4 shall be binding upon Purchaser and the Company.

6.5

Construction. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The 

18

language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents.

6.6

Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Company without the written consent of Purchaser except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. Purchaser may assign its rights hereunder in whole or in part to any Person to whom Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities in compliance with the Transaction Documents and applicable law (including in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by such Securities), provided that such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the terms and conditions of this Agreement that apply to Purchaser. 

6.7

No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

6.8

Survival. Subject to applicable statute of limitations, the representations, warranties agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities and any confidentiality or nondisclosure obligations set forth in any agreement entered into between the Company and Purchaser prior to the date of this Agreement with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents shall survive according to the terms of such agreement(s). 

6.9

Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page were an original thereof. 

6.10

Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement. 

6.11

Replacement of the Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any of the outstanding Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence 

19

reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction and the execution by the holder thereof of a customary lost certificate affidavit of that fact and an agreement to indemnify and hold harmless the Company for any losses in connection therewith. The applicants for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. If a replacement certificate or instrument evidencing any of the Securities is requested due to a mutilation thereof, the Company may require delivery of such mutilated certificate or instrument as a condition precedent to any issuance of a replacement.

6.12

Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agree to waive in any action for specific performance of any such obligation (other than in connection with any action for a temporary restraining order) the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

6.13

Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the Michigan Courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Michigan Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such Michigan Court, or that such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

Signatures on the Following Page

20

In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Conifer Holdings Inc.

By: /s/ Brian Roney

Name: Brian Roney

Title: President and Chief Executive

Officer 

Clarkston 91 West LLC

By: /s/ Salvatore F. Gianino

Name: Salvatore F. Gianino

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to

Securities Purchase Agreement

Exhibit A

CONIFER HOLDINGS INC. 

CEO CERTIFICATE 

March 3, 2025

Reference is made to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), by and amongst Conifer Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Clarkston 91 West LLC, a Michigan limited liability company. This CEOs Certificate (this Certificate) is being delivered pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(iii) of the Purchase Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

I, Brian J. Roney, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, solely in my capacity as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, that:

1. Each individual whose name, titles and signature appear below is a duly elected or appointed, qualified and acting representative of the Company holding the title set forth opposite his name below, and that the signature set forth opposite each individuals name is the genuine signature of that individual; each such individual is authorized to sign on behalf of the Company as of the date of the execution of this Certificate and was so authorized on the date of execution of the Transaction Documents and related documents.

Name 

Title 

Signature

Harold J. Meloche 

Chief Financial Officer

_________________

Brian J. Roney 

Chief Executive Officer and President

_________________

2. Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a true, correct, complete and current copy of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) or the Transaction Committee of the Board (the Transaction Committee), as applicable, approving the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the issuance of the Securities, which resolutions were duly adopted by the Board or the Transaction Committee, as applicable, and none of such resolutions has been amended, modified or repealed in any respect, and all of such resolutions are in full force and effect on the date hereof.

3. Attached hereto as Exhibit B is a true, correct, complete and current copy of the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended to date, including the Certificates of Designation, and the same has not been subsequently amended.

4. Attached hereto as Exhibit Cis a true, correct, complete and current copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company and the same have not been subsequently amended.

Exhibit A

In Witness Whereof, the undersigned has executed and delivered this certificate for and on behalf of Conifer Holdings Inc. as of the date first set forth above.

Conifer Holdings Inc.

By: 

Name: Brian Roney

Title: Chief Executive Officer

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 59612409.1

Exhibit A
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cnfr-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Document Information [Table] 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 
9.75% Senior Notes due 2028. 
Nine Point Seven Five Percent Senior Notes due 2028 [Member] 
9.75% Senior Notes due 2028 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Cover [Abstract] 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 
Class of Stock [Domain] 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Document Type 
Document Type 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of each class 
Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Document Period End Date 
Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol(s) 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Security Exchange Name 
Name of each exchange on which registered 
Class of Stock [Axis] 
Written Communications 
Written Communications 
Common Stock, no par value. 
Common Stock, no par value [Member] 
Common Stock, No Par Value 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Securities Act File Number 
Entity File Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
City Area Code 
City Area Code 
Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 
Document Information [Line Items]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 27, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Entity Registrant Name Conifer Holdings Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001502292

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity File Number 001-37536

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MI

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-1298795

Entity Address, Address Line One 3001 West Big Beaver Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 319

Entity Address, City or Town Troy

Entity Address, State or Province MI

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 48084

City Area Code 248

Local Phone Number 559-0840

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Common Stock, No Par Value 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of each class Common Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol(s) CNFR

Name of each exchange on which registered NASDAQ

9.75% Senior Notes due 2028 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of each class 9.75% Senior Notes due 2028

Trading Symbol(s) CNFRZ

Name of each exchange on which registered NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cnfr_CommonStockNoParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cnfr_NinePointSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDue2028Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.cnfrh.com/20250227/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cnfr-20250227.htm 
cnfr-20250227.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-032146-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>cnfr-20250227_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001502292 

cnfr:CommonStockNoParValueMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0001502292 

cnfr:NinePointSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDue2028Member 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0001502292 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

false 
0001502292 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
Conifer Holdings Inc. 
MI 
001-37536 
27-1298795 
3001 West Big Beaver Road 
Suite 319 
Troy 
MI 
48084 
248 
559-0840 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
CNFR 
NASDAQ 
9.75% Senior Notes due 2028 
CNFRZ 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>