<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-046082.txt : 20250327
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-046082.hdr.sgml : 20250327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250327161508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-046082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250322
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARIN SOFTWARE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001389002
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				204647180
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35838
		FILM NUMBER:		25779482

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 MISSION ST
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-399-2580

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 MISSION ST
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>mrin-20250322.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

0001389002false0001389002dei:FormerAddressMember2025-03-222025-03-2200013890022025-03-222025-03-22

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 22, 2025

Marin Software Incorporated

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-35838 

20-4647180

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

149 New Montgomery Street, 4th Floor

San Francisco, California 

94105

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

(415) 399-2580

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code

845 Market Street, Suite 450, San Francisco, California, 94103

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 

MRIN 

The Nasdaq Global Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensation Arrangements of Certain Officers.

(e) Amended Change in Control and Severance Agreements for Named Executive Officers

On March 22, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Marin Software Incorporated (the Company) approved the Companys entry into an amended and restated change in control and severance agreement (the Amended and Restated Severance Agreement) with each of the Companys named executive officers, Christopher Lien, Robert Bertz, and Wister Walcott (each an NEO), effective as of March 24, 2025, which amends and supersedes each NEOs Change in Control and Severance Agreement (or in the case of Mr. Bertz, his Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement), which are described in the Companys proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2024 under the section Executive CompensationPotential Payments upon Employment Termination and Change in Control Events.

Each Amended and Restated Severance Agreement provides that in the event of the Company terminating such NEO without Cause (as defined in the Amended and Restated Severance Agreement) or such NEO voluntarily resigning his employment for Good Reason (as defined in the Amended and Restated Severance Agreement), in either case not in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in the Amended and Restated Severance Agreement (such a termination, a Qualifying Termination), then such NEO shall be entitled to the following:

In the case of Mr. Lien, 4.5 months of his then-current monthly base salary, 37.5% of his annual target bonus in effect prior to the Qualifying Termination, and payment or reimbursement of the Companys portion of Mr. Liens COBRA premiums for the earlier of (i) 4.5 months, (ii) the date Mr. Lien is eligible for coverage under another medical insurance plan, and (iii) the date the Company no longer offers health insurance to its active employees.

In the case of Messrs. Bertz and Walcott, 3 months of their then-current monthly base salary, 25% of their applicable annual target bonus in effect prior to the Qualifying Termination, and payment or reimbursement of the Companys portion of their respective COBRA premiums for the earlier of (i) 3 months, (ii) the date such NEO is eligible for coverage under another medical insurance plan, and (iii) the date the Company no longer offers health insurance to its active employees.

Additionally, the definition of CIC Qualifying Termination has been revised such that a Separation (as defined in the Amended and Restated Severance Agreement) in connection with the consummation of a Change in Control, including a Separation made at the request of the prospective acquirer whose proposed acquisition would constitute a Change in Control upon its completion, or within five (5) months prior to, or twelve (12) months following, the consummation of a Change in Control resulting from (A) the Company or its successor terminating the NEOs employment for any reason other than Cause or (B) the NEO voluntarily resigning his employment for Good Reason. Except as noted above, the benefits provided in connection with a CIC Qualifying Termination are substantially similar to those that would have been available to each NEO under their respective prior Change in Control and Severance Agreements.

The foregoing summary of the Amended and Restated Severance Agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Amended and Restated Severance Agreements with Mr. Lien, Mr. Bertz and Mr. Walcott, which are filed hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description of Document

10.1 

Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated March 15, 2025, between Marin Software Incorporated and Christopher Lien.

10.2 

Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated March 15, 2025, between Marin Software Incorporated and Robert Bertz.

10.3 

Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated March 15, 2025, between Marin Software Incorporated and Wister Walcott.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Marin Software Incorporated

Date: March 27, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Robert Bertz

Robert Bertz

Chief Financial Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>mrin-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into by and between Christopher Lien (the Executive) and Marin Software Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company), to be effective as of March 24, 2025 (the Effective Date).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive were parties to a Change in Control and Severance Agreement effective as of April 12, 2018 (the Prior Agreement).

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement to amend the severance benefits and severance payments contained in the Prior Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Term of Agreement.

Except to the extent renewed as set forth in this Section 1, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date) or (ii) the date the Executives employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination; provided however, if a definitive agreement relating to a Change in Control has been signed by the Company on or before the Expiration Date, then this Agreement shall remain in effect through the earlier of:

(a) The date the Executives employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, or

(b) The date the Company has met all of its obligations under this Agreement following a termination of the Executives employment with the Company due to a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination.

This Agreement shall renew automatically and continue in effect for three (3) year periods measured from the initial Expiration Date and each subsequent Expiration Date, unless the Company provides Executive notice of non-renewal at least three (3) months prior to the date on which this Agreement would otherwise renew. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 or 3 below, the Companys non-renewal of this Agreement shall not constitute a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, as applicable.

2. Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 9, and 10 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits:

(a) Severance Benefits. The Company shall pay the Executive (i) four and one-half (4.5) months of his monthly base salary, and (ii) 37.5% of the Executives annual target bonus at the rate in effect immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the Qualifying Termination. The Executive will receive his severance payment in a cash lump-sum in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied.

(b) Continued Employee Benefits. If Executive timely elects continued coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA), the Company shall pay on behalf of Executive or reimburse Executive for the Companys portion of Executives COBRA premiums for the Executives continued coverage under the Companys health, dental and vision plans, including coverage for the Executives eligible dependents, for the period ending on the earlier of: (i) four and one-half (4.5) months following the Executives Separation or, if earlier, until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer, or (ii) the date the

Company no longer offers health insurance to its active employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company, in its sole discretion, determines that it cannot provide the foregoing subsidy of COBRA coverage without potentially violating or causing the Company to incur additional expense as a result of noncompliance with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company instead shall provide to Executive a taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue the group health coverage in effect on the date of the Separation (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage). Such payments shall be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and shall commence on the later of (i) the first day of the month following the month in which Executive experiences a Separation and (ii) the effective date of the Companys determination of violation of applicable law, and shall end on the earlier of (x) the effective date on which Executive becomes covered by a health, dental or vision insurance plan of a subsequent employer, (y) the date the Company no longer offers health insurance to its active employees, and (z) the last day of the period that the Executive is paid severance benefits pursuant to Section 2(a) after the Separation, provided that, any taxable payments under Section 2(b) will not be paid before the first business day occurring after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Separation and, once they commence, will include any unpaid amounts accrued from the date of Executives Separation (to the extent not otherwise satisfied with continuation coverage). However, if the period comprising the sum of the sixty (60)-day period described in the preceding sentence and the ten (10)-day period described in Section 7(e)(3) below spans two calendar years, then the payments which constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A will not in any case be paid in the first calendar year. Executive shall have no right to an additional gross-up payment to account for the fact that such COBRA premium amounts are paid on an after-tax basis.

3. CIC Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a CIC Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 9, and 10 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits:

(a) Severance Payments. The Company or its successor shall pay the Executive (i) eighteen (18) months of his monthly base salary, and (ii) one-hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Executives annual target bonus at the rate in effect immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the CIC Qualifying Termination. The Executive will receive his severance payment in a cash lump-sum in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied.

(b) Equity. Each of Executives then outstanding Equity Awards, including awards that would otherwise vest only upon satisfaction of performance criteria, shall accelerate and become vested and exercisable as to 100% of the then unvested shares subject to the Equity Award. Equity Awards means all options to purchase shares of the Company common stock as well as any and all other stock-based awards granted to the Executive, including but not limited to stock bonus awards, restricted stock, restricted stock units or stock appreciation rights. Awards that vest upon satisfaction of performance criteria for which those criteria have not yet been satisfied or cannot be determined as of the date of the CIC Qualifying Termination shall be measured as if all applicable performance criteria were achieved at target levels; except to the extent otherwise provided in the award agreement evidencing such award. Subject to Section 4, the accelerated vesting described above shall be effective as of the Separation.

(c) Pay in Lieu of Continued Employee Benefits. Continuation of COBRA or a cash benefit, in both cases on the same terms as set forth in Section 2(b) above, for the same period that the Executive is paid severance benefits pursuant to Section 3(a) following the Executives Separation or, if earlier, until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer.

4. General Release. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, the benefits under Section 2 and 3 shall not apply unless the Executive (i) has executed a general release (substantially in the form prescribed by the Company) of all known and unknown claims that he may then have against the

Company or persons affiliated with the Company and such release has become effective and (ii) has agreed not to prosecute any legal action or other proceeding based upon any of such claims. The release must be in the form prescribed by the Company, without alterations (this document effecting the foregoing, the Release). The Company will deliver the form of Release to the Executive within ten (10) days after the Executives Separation. The Executive must execute and return the Release within the time period specified in the form.

5. Accrued Compensation and Benefits. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 and 3 above, in connection with any termination of employment (whether or not a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination), the Company shall pay Executives earned but unpaid base salary and other vested but unpaid cash entitlements for the period through and including the termination of employment, including unused earned vacation pay and unreimbursed documented business expenses incurred by Executive through and including the date of termination (collectively Accrued Compensation and Expenses), as required by law and the applicable Company plan or policy. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to any other vested benefits earned by Executive for the period through and including the termination date of Executives employment under any other employee benefit plans and arrangements maintained by the Company, in accordance with the terms of such plans and arrangements, except as modified herein (collectively Accrued Benefits). Any Accrued Compensation and Expenses to which the Executive is entitled shall be paid to the Executive in cash as soon as administratively practicable after the termination and, in any event, no later than two and one-half (2-1/2) months after the end of the taxable year of the Executive in which the termination occurs or at such earlier time as may be required by Section 10 below or to such lesser extent as may be mandated by Section 9 below. Any Accrued Benefits to which the Executive is entitled shall be paid to the Executive as provided in the relevant plans and arrangements.

6. Covenants.

(a) Non-Competition. The Executive agrees that, during his employment with the Company, he shall not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company.

(b) Non-Disparagement. The Executive further agrees that, during the six (6) month period following his cessation of employment, he shall not in any way or by any means disparage the Company, the members of the Companys Board of Directors or the Companys officers and employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive is not prohibited from cooperating with a government agency or testifying truthfully in any government inquiry or other proceeding or in which Executive is required to testify pursuant to subpoena or other valid legal process.

7. Definitions.

(a) Cause means (i) Executives continued refusal or material failure to perform Executives material duties reasonably expected of Executive in connection with his arrangement to provide services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (ii) unprofessional, unethical or fraudulent conduct or conduct that materially discredits the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable, or is materially detrimental to the reputation, character or standing of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (iii) dishonest conduct with respect to a material matter, or a deliberate attempt to do an injury to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (iv) Executives material breach of any material term of any agreement between Executive and the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary; (v) a criminal act which would reflect badly on the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (vi) Executives failure to cooperate with the Company in any investigation or formal proceeding; or (vii) Executives death or total disability (for these purposes Executive shall be deemed totally disabled if, in the judgment of a licensed physician, Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or disabled or otherwise unable to fully discharge Executives duties as a service provider to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable, for a period of 180 consecutive days or for 180 days in any 365 calendar day period); provided that (except in the case of death) Executive must be provided with written notice of Executives termination

for Cause and Executive must be provided with a 30-day period following Executives receipt of such notice to cure the event(s) that trigger Cause (if curable), with the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors making the final determination whether Executive has cured any Cause. All capitalized terms in this Subsection (a) that are not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

(b) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(c) Change in Control. For all purposes under this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the Companys then-outstanding voting securities; provided, however, that for purposes of this subclause (i) the acquisition of additional securities by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the securities of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control; (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; (iv) any other transaction which qualifies as a corporate transaction under Section 424(a) of the Code wherein the stockholders of the Company give up all of their equity interest in the Company (except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of the Company) or (v) a change in the effective control of the Company that occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by member of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by as majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purpose of this subclause (v), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control. For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any amount constituting deferred compensation (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) would become payable under this Plan by reason of a Change in Control, such amount shall become payable only if the event constituting a Change in Control would also qualify as a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, each as defined within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time. All capitalized terms in this Subsection (c) that are not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

(d) CIC Qualifying Termination means a Separation in connection with the consummation of a Change in Control, including at the request of the prospective acquirer whose proposed acquisition would constitute a Change in Control upon its completion, or within five (5) months prior to or twelve (12) months following the consummation of a Change in Control resulting from (A) the Company or its successor terminating the Executives employment for any reason other than Cause or (B) the Executive voluntarily resigning his employment for Good Reason.

(e) Good Reason means, without the Executives consent, (i) a material reduction or adverse change in the Executives reporting relationship, level of responsibility and/or scope of authority, (ii) a 10% or greater reduction in his level of compensation, which will be determined based on an average of the Executives annual total target cash compensation (annual base salary plus target annual cash

incentives) for the prior three calendar years or, if less, the number of years the Executive has been employed by the Company), or (iii) relocation of the Executives principal workplace by more than thirty-five (35) miles from Executives then current place of employment; or (iv) a material breach of this Agreement. For the purpose of clause (i), a change in responsibility shall not be deemed to occur (A) solely because Executive is part of a larger organization or (B) solely because of a change in title. For the Executive to receive the benefits under this Agreement as a result of a voluntary resignation under this subsection (e), all of the following requirements must be satisfied: (1) the Executive must provide notice to the Company of his intent to assert Good Reason within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of one or more of the conditions set forth in subclauses (i) through (iv); (2) the Company will have thirty (30) days (the Company Cure Period) from the date of such notice to remedy the condition and, if it does so, the Executive may withdraw his resignation or may resign with no benefits under this Agreement; and (3) any termination of employment under this provision must occur within ten (10) days of the earlier of expiration of the Company Cure Period or written notice from the Company that it will not undertake to cure the condition set forth in subclauses (i) through (iii). Should the Company remedy the condition as set forth above and then one or more of the conditions arises again within twelve months following the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Executive may assert Good Reason again subject to all of the conditions set forth herein.

(f) Plan means the Companys 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time.

(g) Release Conditions mean the following conditions occurring within sixty (60) days following the Separation: (i) the Company has received the Executives executed Release and (ii) any rescission period applicable to the Executives executed Release has expired.

(h) Qualifying Termination means a Separation that is not a CIC Qualifying Termination, but which results from (i) the Company terminating the Executives employment for any reason other than Cause or (ii) the Executive voluntarily resigning his employment for Good Reason.

(i) Separation means a separation from service, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code.

8. Successors.

(a) Companys Successors. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets, by an agreement in substance and form satisfactory to the Executive, to assume this Agreement and to agree expressly to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform it in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business and/or assets or which becomes bound by this Agreement by operation of law.

(b) Executives Successors. This Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

9. Golden Parachute Taxes.

(a) Best After-Tax Result. In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (the Payments) would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this subsection (a), be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, any successor provisions, or any comparable federal, state, local or foreign excise tax (the Excise Tax), then, subject to the provisions of Section 10, such Payments shall be either (A) provided in full pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other applicable agreement, or (B) provided as to such lesser extent which would result in the Payments being $1.00 less than the amount at which any portion of the Payments would be subject to the Excise Tax (the Reduced

Amount), whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and other taxes and the Excise Tax (including, without limitation, any interest or penalties on such taxes), results in the receipt by Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of payments and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Payments may be subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section shall be made by independent tax counsel designated by the Company and reasonably acceptable to Executive (the Independent Tax Counsel), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required under this Section, Independent Tax Counsel may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code; provided that Independent Tax Counsel shall assume that Executive pays all taxes at the highest marginal rate. The Company and Executive shall furnish to Independent Tax Counsel such information and documents as Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section. The Company shall bear all costs that Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section. In the event that Section 9(a)(ii)(B) above applies, then based on the information provided to Executive and the Company by Independent Tax Counsel, Executive may, in Executives sole discretion and within thirty (30) days of the date on which Executive is provided with the information prepared by Independent Tax Counsel, determine which and how much of the Payments (including the accelerated vesting of equity compensation awards) to be otherwise received by Executive shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such determination the value (as calculated by Independent Tax Counsel in accordance with the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code) of the amounts payable or distributable to Executive equals the Reduced Amount). If the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) determines that any Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, then Section 9(b) hereof shall apply, and the enforcement of Section 9(b) shall be the exclusive remedy to the Company.

(b) Adjustments. If, notwithstanding any reduction described in Section 9(a) hereof (or in the absence of any such reduction), the IRS determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the receipt of one or more Payments, then Executive shall be obligated to surrender or pay back to the Company, within one-hundred twenty (120) days after a final IRS determination, an amount of such payments or benefits equal to the Repayment Amount. The Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be the smallest such amount, if any, as shall be required to be surrendered or paid to the Company so that Executives net proceeds with respect to such Payments (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments) shall be maximized. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be zero (0) if a Repayment Amount of more than zero (0) would not eliminate the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments or if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not maximize the net amount received by Executive from the Payments. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this Section 9(b), Executive shall pay the Excise Tax.

10. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Section 409A. To the extent (i) any payments to which Executive becomes entitled under this Agreement, or any agreement or plan referenced herein, in connection with Executives termination of employment with the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and (ii) Executive is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code, then such payment or payments shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the Executives Separation; or (ii) the date of Executives death following such Separation; provided, however, that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Executive, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20%) tax for which Executive would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any payments which would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this paragraph shall be paid to Executive or Executives beneficiary in

one lump sum (without interest). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to the extent any expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit under this Agreement (or otherwise referenced herein) is determined to be subject to (and not exempt from) Section 409A of the Code, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in kind benefits to be provided in any other calendar year, in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive incurred such expenses, and in no event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its exemption or compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder are exempt from Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent, and for any payments where such construction is not tenable, that those payments comply with Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent. To the extent any payment under this Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this Agreement (or referenced in this Agreement) are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the regulations under Section 409A.

(b) Other Arrangements. This Agreement supersedes any and all cash severance arrangements and vesting acceleration arrangements under any agreement governing Equity Awards, severance and salary continuation arrangements, programs and plans which were previously offered, or may be offered on the Effective Date or thereafter, by the Company to the Executive, including change in control severance arrangements and vesting acceleration arrangements pursuant to an agreement governing Equity Awards, employment agreement or offer letter, and Executive hereby waives Executives rights to such other benefits. In no event shall any individual receive cash severance benefits under both this Agreement and any other vesting acceleration arrangement, severance pay or salary continuation program, plan or other arrangement with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Executive receive payment under both Section 2 and Section 3 with respect to Executives Separation.

(c) Dispute Resolution. To ensure rapid and economical resolution of any and all disputes that might arise in connection with this Agreement, Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action, in law or equity, arising from or relating to this Agreement or its enforcement, performance, breach, or interpretation, will be resolved solely and exclusively by final, binding, and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in San Francisco County, and conducted by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS) under its then-existing employment rules and procedures. Nothing in this section, however, is intended to prevent either party from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Each party to an arbitration or litigation hereunder shall be responsible for the payment of its own attorneys fees.

(d) Notice. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid or deposited with Federal Express Corporation, with shipping charges prepaid. In the case of the Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to him or her at the home address which he most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of its Secretary.

(e) Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

(f) Withholding Taxes. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law.

(g) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.

(h) No Retention Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Executive any right to continue in service for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or of the Executive, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate his service at any time and for any reason, with or without Cause.

(i) Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (other than its choice-of-law provisions).

(j) Entire Agreement. Upon the full execution of this Agreement, the Prior Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated and superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement, and shall be of no further force or effect.

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written.

EXECUTIVE 

CHRISTOPHER LIEN

By:_________________________________

COMPANY

MARIN SOFTWARE INCORPORATED

By: _______________________________

Name: _______________________________

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mrin-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into by and between Bob Bertz (the Executive) and Marin Software Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company), to be effective as of March 24, 2025 (the Effective Date).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive were parties to an Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement effective as of January 28, 2021 (the Prior Agreement).

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement to amend the severance benefits and severance payments contained in the Prior Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Term of Agreement.

Except to the extent renewed as set forth in this Section 1, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date) or (ii) the date the Executives employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination; provided however, if a definitive agreement relating to a Change in Control has been signed by the Company on or before the Expiration Date, then this Agreement shall remain in effect through the earlier of:

(a) The date the Executives employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, or

(b) The date the Company has met all of its obligations under this Agreement following a termination of the Executives employment with the Company due to a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination.

This Agreement shall renew automatically and continue in effect for three (3) year periods measured from the initial Expiration Date and each subsequent Expiration Date, unless the Company provides Executive notice of non-renewal at least three (3) months prior to the date on which this Agreement would otherwise renew. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 or 3 below, the Companys non-renewal of this Agreement shall not constitute a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, as applicable.

2. Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 9, and 10 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits:

(a) Severance Benefits. The Company shall pay the Executive (i) three (3) months of his then-current monthly base salary, and (ii) 25% of the Executives annual target bonus at the rate in effect immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the Qualifying Termination. The Executive will receive his severance payment in a cash lump-sum in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied.

(b) Continued Employee Benefits. If Executive timely elects continued coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA), the Company shall pay on behalf of Executive or reimburse Executive for the Companys portion of COBRA premiums on behalf of the Executive for the Executives continued coverage under the Companys health, dental and vision plans, including coverage for the Executives eligible dependents, for the period ending on the earlier of: (i) three (3) months following the Executives Separation or, if earlier, until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer, or (ii) the date the

Company no longer offers health insurance to its active employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company, in its sole discretion, determines that it cannot provide the foregoing subsidy of COBRA coverage without potentially violating or causing the Company to incur additional expense as a result of noncompliance with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company instead shall provide to Executive a taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue the group health coverage in effect on the date of the Separation (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage). Such payments shall be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and shall commence on the later of (i) the first day of the month following the month in which Executive experiences a Separation and (ii) the effective date of the Companys determination of violation of applicable law, and shall end on the earlier of (x) the effective date on which Executive becomes covered by a health, dental or vision insurance plan of a subsequent employer, (y) the date the Company no longer offers health insurance to its active employees, and (z) the last day of the period that the Executive is paid severance benefits pursuant to Section 2(a) after the Separation, provided that, any taxable payments under Section 2(b) will not be paid before the first business day occurring after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Separation and, once they commence, will include any unpaid amounts accrued from the date of Executives Separation (to the extent not otherwise satisfied with continuation coverage). However, if the period comprising the sum of the sixty (60)-day period described in the preceding sentence and the ten (10)-day period described in Section 7(e)(3) below spans two calendar years, then the payments which constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A will not in any case be paid in the first calendar year. Executive shall have no right to an additional gross-up payment to account for the fact that such COBRA premium amounts are paid on an after-tax basis.

3. CIC Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a CIC Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 9, and 10 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits:

(a) Severance Payments. The Company or its successor shall pay the Executive (i) twelve (12) months of his then-current monthly base salary, and (ii) one hundred percent (100%) of the Executives annual target bonus at the rate in effect immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the CIC Qualifying Termination. The Executive will receive his severance payment in a cash lump-sum in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied.

(b) Equity. Each of Executives then outstanding Equity Awards, including awards that would otherwise vest only upon satisfaction of performance criteria subject to the following sentence, shall accelerate and become vested and exercisable as to 100% of the then unvested shares subject to the Equity Award. For awards that would otherwise vest only upon satisfaction of performance criteria, the foregoing acceleration shall be based on achievement of performance criteria at target levels, except to the extent otherwise provided in the award agreement evidencing such award. Subject to Section 4, the accelerated vesting described above shall be effective as of the Separation. Equity Awards means all options to purchase shares of the Company common stock as well as any and all other stock-based awards granted to the Executive, including but not limited to stock bonus awards, restricted stock, restricted stock units or stock appreciation rights

(c) Pay in Lieu of Continued Employee Benefits. Continuation of COBRA or a cash benefit, in both cases on the same terms as set forth in Section 2(b) above, for the same period that the Executive is paid severance benefits pursuant to Section 3(a) following the Executives Separation or, if earlier, (i) until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer or (ii) the date the Company no longer offers health insurance to its active employees. .

4. General Release. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, the benefits under Section 2 and 3 shall not apply unless the Executive (i) has executed a general release (substantially in the

form prescribed by the Company) of all known and unknown claims that he may then have against the Company or persons affiliated with the Company and such release has become effective and (ii) has agreed not to prosecute any legal action or other proceeding based upon any of such claims. The release must be in the form prescribed by the Company, without alterations (this document effecting the foregoing, the Release). The Company will deliver the form of Release to the Executive within ten (10) days after the Executives Separation. The Executive must execute and return the Release within the time period specified in the form.

5. Accrued Compensation and Benefits. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 and 3 above, in connection with any termination of employment (whether or not a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination), the Company shall pay Executives earned but unpaid base salary and other vested but unpaid cash entitlements for the period through and including the termination of employment, including unused earned vacation pay and unreimbursed documented business expenses incurred by Executive through and including the date of termination (collectively Accrued Compensation and Expenses), as required by law and the applicable Company plan or policy. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to any other vested benefits earned by Executive for the period through and including the termination date of Executives employment under any other employee benefit plans and arrangements maintained by the Company, in accordance with the terms of such plans and arrangements, except as modified herein (collectively Accrued Benefits). Any Accrued Compensation and Expenses to which the Executive is entitled shall be paid to the Executive in cash as soon as administratively practicable after the termination and, in any event, no later than two and one-half (2-1/2) months after the end of the taxable year of the Executive in which the termination occurs or at such earlier time as may be required by Section 10 below or to such lesser extent as may be mandated by Section 9 below. Any Accrued Benefits to which the Executive is entitled shall be paid to the Executive as provided in the relevant plans and arrangements.

6. Covenants.

(a) Non-Competition. The Executive agrees that, during his employment with the Company, he shall not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company.

(b) Non-Disparagement. The Executive further agrees that, during the six (6) month period following his cessation of employment, he shall not in any way or by any means disparage the Company, the members of the Companys Board of Directors or the Companys officers and employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive is not prohibited from cooperating with a government agency or testifying truthfully in any government inquiry or other proceeding or in which Executive is required to testify pursuant to subpoena or other valid legal process.

7. Definitions.

(a) Cause means (i) Executives continued refusal or material failure to perform Executives material duties reasonably expected of Executive in connection with his arrangement to provide services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (ii) unprofessional, unethical or fraudulent conduct or conduct that materially discredits the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable, or is materially detrimental to the reputation, character or standing of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (iii) dishonest conduct with respect to a material matter, or a deliberate attempt to do an injury to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (iv) Executives material breach of any material term of any agreement between Executive and the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary; (v) a criminal act which would reflect badly on the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (vi) Executives failure to cooperate with the Company in any investigation or formal proceeding; or (vii) Executives death or total disability (for these purposes Executive shall be deemed totally disabled if, in the judgment of a licensed physician, Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or disabled or otherwise unable to fully discharge Executives duties as a service provider to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable, for a period of 180 consecutive days or for 180 days in any 365 calendar day period); provided

that (except in the case of death) Executive must be provided with written notice of Executives termination for Cause and Executive must be provided with a 30-day period following Executives receipt of such notice to cure the event(s) that trigger Cause (if curable), with the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors making the final determination whether Executive has cured any Cause. All capitalized terms in this Subsection (a) that are not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

(b) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(c) Change in Control. For all purposes under this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the Companys then-outstanding voting securities; provided, however, that for purposes of this subclause (i) the acquisition of additional securities by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the securities of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control; (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; (iv) any other transaction which qualifies as a corporate transaction under Section 424(a) of the Code wherein the stockholders of the Company give up all of their equity interest in the Company (except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of the Company) or (v) a change in the effective control of the Company that occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by member of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by as majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purpose of this subclause (v), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control. For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any amount constituting deferred compensation (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) would become payable under this Plan by reason of a Change in Control, such amount shall become payable only if the event constituting a Change in Control would also qualify as a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, each as defined within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time. All capitalized terms in this Subsection (c) that are not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

(d) CIC Qualifying Termination means a Separation in connection with the consummation of a Change in Control, including at the request of the prospective acquirer whose proposed acquisition would constitute a Change in Control upon its completion, or within five (5) months prior to or twelve (12) months following the consummation of a Change in Control resulting from (A) the Company or its successor terminating the Executives employment for any reason other than Cause or (B) the Executive voluntarily resigning his employment for Good Reason.

(e) Good Reason means, without the Executives consent, (i) a material reduction or adverse change in the Executives reporting relationship, level of responsibility and/or scope of authority, (ii) a 10% or greater reduction in his level of compensation, which will be determined based on an average

of the Executives annual total target cash compensation (annual base salary plus target annual cash incentives) for the prior three calendar years or, if less, the number of years the Executive has been employed by the Company), or (iii) relocation of the Executives principal workplace by more than thirty-five (35) miles from Executives then current place of employment; or (iv) a material breach of this Agreement. For the purpose of clause (i), a change in responsibility shall not be deemed to occur (A) solely because Executive is part of a larger organization or (B) solely because of a change in title. For the Executive to receive the benefits under this Agreement as a result of a voluntary resignation under this subsection (e), all of the following requirements must be satisfied: (1) the Executive must provide notice to the Company of his intent to assert Good Reason within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of one or more of the conditions set forth in subclauses (i) through (iv); (2) the Company will have thirty (30) days (the Company Cure Period) from the date of such notice to remedy the condition and, if it does so, the Executive may withdraw his resignation or may resign with no benefits under this Agreement; and (3) any termination of employment under this provision must occur within ten (10) days of the earlier of expiration of the Company Cure Period or written notice from the Company that it will not undertake to cure the condition set forth in subclauses (i) through (iii). Should the Company remedy the condition as set forth above and then one or more of the conditions arises again within twelve months following the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Executive may assert Good Reason again subject to all of the conditions set forth herein.

(f) Plan means the Companys 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time.

(g) Release Conditions mean the following conditions occurring within sixty (60) days following the Separation: (i) the Company has received the Executives executed Release and (ii) any rescission period applicable to the Executives executed Release has expired.

(h) Qualifying Termination means a Separation that is not a CIC Qualifying Termination, but which results from (i) the Company terminating the Executives employment for any reason other than Cause or (ii) the Executive voluntarily resigning his employment for Good Reason.

(i) Separation means a separation from service, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code.

8. Successors.

(a) Companys Successors. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets, by an agreement in substance and form satisfactory to the Executive, to assume this Agreement and to agree expressly to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform it in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business and/or assets or which becomes bound by this Agreement by operation of law.

(b) Executives Successors. This Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

9. Golden Parachute Taxes.

(a) Best After-Tax Result. In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (the Payments) would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this subsection (a), be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, any successor provisions, or any comparable federal, state, local or foreign excise tax (the Excise Tax), then, subject to the provisions of Section 10, such Payments shall be either (A) provided in full pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other applicable agreement, or (B) provided as to such lesser extent which would result in the Payments being $1.00 less

than the amount at which any portion of the Payments would be subject to the Excise Tax (the Reduced Amount), whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and other taxes and the Excise Tax (including, without limitation, any interest or penalties on such taxes), results in the receipt by Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of payments and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Payments may be subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section shall be made by independent tax counsel designated by the Company and reasonably acceptable to Executive (the Independent Tax Counsel), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required under this Section, Independent Tax Counsel may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code; provided that Independent Tax Counsel shall assume that Executive pays all taxes at the highest marginal rate. The Company and Executive shall furnish to Independent Tax Counsel such information and documents as Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section. The Company shall bear all costs that Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section. In the event that Section 9(a)(ii)(B) above applies, then based on the information provided to Executive and the Company by Independent Tax Counsel, Executive may, in Executives sole discretion and within thirty (30) days of the date on which Executive is provided with the information prepared by Independent Tax Counsel, determine which and how much of the Payments (including the accelerated vesting of equity compensation awards) to be otherwise received by Executive shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such determination the value (as calculated by Independent Tax Counsel in accordance with the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code) of the amounts payable or distributable to Executive equals the Reduced Amount). If the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) determines that any Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, then Section 9(b) hereof shall apply, and the enforcement of Section 9(b) shall be the exclusive remedy to the Company.

(b) Adjustments. If, notwithstanding any reduction described in Section 9(a) hereof (or in the absence of any such reduction), the IRS determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the receipt of one or more Payments, then Executive shall be obligated to surrender or pay back to the Company, within one-hundred twenty (120) days after a final IRS determination, an amount of such payments or benefits equal to the Repayment Amount. The Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be the smallest such amount, if any, as shall be required to be surrendered or paid to the Company so that Executives net proceeds with respect to such Payments (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments) shall be maximized. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be zero (0) if a Repayment Amount of more than zero (0) would not eliminate the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments or if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not maximize the net amount received by Executive from the Payments. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this Section 9(b), Executive shall pay the Excise Tax.

10. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Section 409A. To the extent (i) any payments to which Executive becomes entitled under this Agreement, or any agreement or plan referenced herein, in connection with Executives termination of employment with the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and (ii) Executive is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code, then such payment or payments shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the Executives Separation; or (ii) the date of Executives death following such Separation; provided, however, that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Executive, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20%) tax for which Executive would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any payments which would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum

or in installments) in the absence of this paragraph shall be paid to Executive or Executives beneficiary in one lump sum (without interest). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to the extent any expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit under this Agreement (or otherwise referenced herein) is determined to be subject to (and not exempt from) Section 409A of the Code, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in kind benefits to be provided in any other calendar year, in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive incurred such expenses, and in no event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its exemption or compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder are exempt from Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent, and for any payments where such construction is not tenable, that those payments comply with Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent. To the extent any payment under this Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this Agreement (or referenced in this Agreement) are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the regulations under Section 409A.

(b) Other Arrangements. This Agreement supersedes any and all cash severance arrangements and vesting acceleration arrangements under any agreement governing Equity Awards, severance and salary continuation arrangements, programs and plans which were previously offered, or may be offered on the Effective Date or thereafter, by the Company to the Executive, including change in control severance arrangements and vesting acceleration arrangements pursuant to an agreement governing Equity Awards, employment agreement or offer letter, and Executive hereby waives Executives rights to such other benefits. In no event shall any individual receive cash severance benefits under both this Agreement and any other vesting acceleration arrangement, severance pay or salary continuation program, plan or other arrangement with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Executive receive payment under both Section 2 and Section 3 with respect to Executives Separation.

(c) Dispute Resolution. To ensure rapid and economical resolution of any and all disputes that might arise in connection with this Agreement, Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action, in law or equity, arising from or relating to this Agreement or its enforcement, performance, breach, or interpretation, will be resolved solely and exclusively by final, binding, and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in San Francisco County, and conducted by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS) under its then-existing employment rules and procedures. Nothing in this section, however, is intended to prevent either party from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Each party to an arbitration or litigation hereunder shall be responsible for the payment of its own attorneys fees.

(d) Notice. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid or deposited with Federal Express Corporation, with shipping charges prepaid. In the case of the Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to him or her at the home address which he most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of its Secretary.

(e) Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

(f) Withholding Taxes. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law.

(g) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.

(h) No Retention Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Executive any right to continue in service for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or of the Executive, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate his service at any time and for any reason, with or without Cause.

(i) Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (other than its choice-of-law provisions).

(j) Entire Agreement. Upon the full execution of this Agreement, the Prior Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated and superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement, and shall be of no further force or effect.

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written.

EXECUTIVE 

BOB BERTZ

By:_________________________________

COMPANY

MARIN SOFTWARE INCORPORATED

By: _______________________________

Name: _______________________________

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mrin-ex10_3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

AMENDED AND RESTATED CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into by and between Wister Walcott (the Executive) and Marin Software Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company), to be effective as of March 24, 2025 (the Effective Date).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive were parties to a Change in Control and Severance Agreement effective as of April 12, 2018 (the Prior Agreement).

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement to amend the severance benefits and severance payments contained in the Prior Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Term of Agreement.

Except to the extent renewed as set forth in this Section 1, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration Date) or (ii) the date the Executives employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination; provided however, if a definitive agreement relating to a Change in Control has been signed by the Company on or before the Expiration Date, then this Agreement shall remain in effect through the earlier of:

(a) The date the Executives employment with the Company terminates for a reason other than a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, or

(b) The date the Company has met all of its obligations under this Agreement following a termination of the Executives employment with the Company due to a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination.

This Agreement shall renew automatically and continue in effect for three (3) year periods measured from the initial Expiration Date and each subsequent Expiration Date, unless the Company provides Executive notice of non-renewal at least three (3) months prior to the date on which this Agreement would otherwise renew. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 or 3 below, the Companys non-renewal of this Agreement shall not constitute a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination, as applicable.

2. Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 9, and 10 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits:

(a) Severance Benefits. The Company shall pay the Executive (i) three (3) months of his monthly base salary, and (ii) twenty-five percent (25%) of the Executives annual target bonus at the rate in effect immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the Qualifying Termination. The Executive will receive his severance payment in a cash lump-sum in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied.

(b) Continued Employee Benefits. If Executive timely elects continued coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA), the Company shall pay on behalf of Executive or reimburse Executive for the the Companys portion of COBRA premiums for the Executives continued coverage under the Companys health, dental and vision plans, including coverage for the Executives eligible dependents, for the period ending on the earlier of: (i) three (3) months following the Executives Separation or, if earlier, until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer, or (ii) the date the Company no longer offers

health insurance to its active employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company, in its sole discretion, determines that it cannot provide the foregoing subsidy of COBRA coverage without potentially violating or causing the Company to incur additional expense as a result of noncompliance with applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company instead shall provide to Executive a taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that Executive would be required to pay to continue the group health coverage in effect on the date of the Separation (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage). Such payments shall be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and shall commence on the later of (i) the first day of the month following the month in which Executive experiences a Separation and (ii) the effective date of the Companys determination of violation of applicable law, and shall end on the earlier of (x) the effective date on which Executive becomes covered by a health, dental or vision insurance plan of a subsequent employer, (y) the date the Company no longer offers health insurance to its active employees, and (z) the last day of the period that the Executive is paid severance benefits pursuant to Section 2(a) after the Separation, provided that, any taxable payments under Section 2(b) will not be paid before the first business day occurring after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Separation and, once they commence, will include any unpaid amounts accrued from the date of Executives Separation (to the extent not otherwise satisfied with continuation coverage). However, if the period comprising the sum of the sixty (60)-day period described in the preceding sentence and the ten (10)-day period described in Section 7(e)(3) below spans two calendar years, then the payments which constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A will not in any case be paid in the first calendar year. Executive shall have no right to an additional gross-up payment to account for the fact that such COBRA premium amounts are paid on an after-tax basis.

3. CIC Qualifying Termination. If the Executive is subject to a CIC Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Sections 4, 9, and 10 below, Executive will be entitled to the following benefits:

(a) Severance Payments. The Company or its successor shall pay the Executive (i) twelve (12) months of his monthly base salary, and (ii) one-hundred percent (100%) of the Executives annual target bonus at the rate in effect immediately prior to the actions that resulted in the CIC Qualifying Termination. The Executive will receive his severance payment in a cash lump-sum in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures, which payment will be made no later than the first regular payroll date occurring after the sixtieth (60th) day following the Separation, provided that the Release Conditions have been satisfied.

(b) Equity. Each of Executives then outstanding Equity Awards, including awards that would otherwise vest only upon satisfaction of performance criteria, shall accelerate and become vested and exercisable as to 100% of the then unvested shares subject to the Equity Award. Equity Awards means all options to purchase shares of the Company common stock as well as any and all other stock-based awards granted to the Executive, including but not limited to stock bonus awards, restricted stock, restricted stock units or stock appreciation rights. Awards that vest upon satisfaction of performance criteria for which those criteria have not yet been satisfied or cannot be determined as of the date of the CIC Qualifying Termination shall be measured as if all applicable performance criteria were achieved at target levels; except to the extent otherwise provided in the award agreement evidencing such award. Subject to Section 4, the accelerated vesting described above shall be effective as of the Separation.

(c) Pay in Lieu of Continued Employee Benefits. Continuation of COBRA or a cash benefit, in both cases on the same terms as set forth in Section 2(b) above, for the same period that the Executive is paid severance benefits pursuant to Section 3(a) following the Executives Separation or, if earlier, until Executive is eligible to be covered under another substantially equivalent medical insurance plan by a subsequent employer.

4. General Release. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, the benefits under Section 2 and 3 shall not apply unless the Executive (i) has executed a general release (substantially in the form prescribed by the Company) of all known and unknown claims that he may then have against the

Company or persons affiliated with the Company and such release has become effective and (ii) has agreed not to prosecute any legal action or other proceeding based upon any of such claims. The release must be in the form prescribed by the Company, without alterations (this document effecting the foregoing, the Release). The Company will deliver the form of Release to the Executive within ten (10) days after the Executives Separation. The Executive must execute and return the Release within the time period specified in the form.

5. Accrued Compensation and Benefits. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2 and 3 above, in connection with any termination of employment (whether or not a Qualifying Termination or CIC Qualifying Termination), the Company shall pay Executives earned but unpaid base salary and other vested but unpaid cash entitlements for the period through and including the termination of employment, including unused earned vacation pay and unreimbursed documented business expenses incurred by Executive through and including the date of termination (collectively Accrued Compensation and Expenses), as required by law and the applicable Company plan or policy. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to any other vested benefits earned by Executive for the period through and including the termination date of Executives employment under any other employee benefit plans and arrangements maintained by the Company, in accordance with the terms of such plans and arrangements, except as modified herein (collectively Accrued Benefits). Any Accrued Compensation and Expenses to which the Executive is entitled shall be paid to the Executive in cash as soon as administratively practicable after the termination and, in any event, no later than two and one-half (2-1/2) months after the end of the taxable year of the Executive in which the termination occurs or at such earlier time as may be required by Section 10 below or to such lesser extent as may be mandated by Section 9 below. Any Accrued Benefits to which the Executive is entitled shall be paid to the Executive as provided in the relevant plans and arrangements.

6. Covenants.

(a) Non-Competition. The Executive agrees that, during his employment with the Company, he shall not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company.

(b) Non-Disparagement. The Executive further agrees that, during the six (6) month period following his cessation of employment, he shall not in any way or by any means disparage the Company, the members of the Companys Board of Directors or the Companys officers and employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive is not prohibited from cooperating with a government agency or testifying truthfully in any government inquiry or other proceeding or in which Executive is required to testify pursuant to subpoena or other valid legal process.

7. Definitions.

(a) Cause means (i) Executives continued refusal or material failure to perform Executives material duties reasonably expected of Executive in connection with his arrangement to provide services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (ii) unprofessional, unethical or fraudulent conduct or conduct that materially discredits the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable, or is materially detrimental to the reputation, character or standing of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (iii) dishonest conduct with respect to a material matter, or a deliberate attempt to do an injury to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (iv) Executives material breach of any material term of any agreement between Executive and the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary; (v) a criminal act which would reflect badly on the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable; (vi) Executives failure to cooperate with the Company in any investigation or formal proceeding; or (vii) Executives death or total disability (for these purposes Executive shall be deemed totally disabled if, in the judgment of a licensed physician, Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or disabled or otherwise unable to fully discharge Executives duties as a service provider to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, as applicable, for a period of 180 consecutive days or for 180 days in any 365 calendar day period); provided that (except in the case of death) Executive must be provided with written notice of Executives termination

for Cause and Executive must be provided with a 30-day period following Executives receipt of such notice to cure the event(s) that trigger Cause (if curable), with the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors making the final determination whether Executive has cured any Cause. All capitalized terms in this Subsection (a) that are not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

(b) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(c) Change in Control. For all purposes under this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the Companys then-outstanding voting securities; provided, however, that for purposes of this subclause (i) the acquisition of additional securities by any one Person who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the securities of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control; (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets; (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; (iv) any other transaction which qualifies as a corporate transaction under Section 424(a) of the Code wherein the stockholders of the Company give up all of their equity interest in the Company (except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of the Company) or (v) a change in the effective control of the Company that occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by member of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by as majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purpose of this subclause (v), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control. For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any amount constituting deferred compensation (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) would become payable under this Plan by reason of a Change in Control, such amount shall become payable only if the event constituting a Change in Control would also qualify as a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, each as defined within the meaning of Code Section 409A, as it has been and may be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance that has been promulgated or may be promulgated thereunder from time to time. All capitalized terms in this Subsection (c) that are not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

(d) CIC Qualifying Termination means a Separation in connection with the consummation of a Change in Control, including at the request of the prospective acquirer whose proposed acquisition would constitute a Change in Control upon its completion, or within five (5) months prior to or twelve (12) months following the consummation of a Change in Control resulting from (A) the Company or its successor terminating the Executives employment for any reason other than Cause or (B) the Executive voluntarily resigning his employment for Good Reason.

(e) Good Reason means, without the Executives consent, (i) a material reduction or adverse change in the Executives reporting relationship, level of responsibility and/or scope of authority, (ii) a 10% or greater reduction in his level of compensation, which will be determined based on an average of the Executives annual total target cash compensation (annual base salary plus target annual cash

incentives) for the prior three calendar years or, if less, the number of years the Executive has been employed by the Company), or (iii) relocation of the Executives principal workplace by more than thirty-five (35) miles from Executives then current place of employment; or (iv) a material breach of this Agreement. For the purpose of clause (i), a change in responsibility shall not be deemed to occur (A) solely because Executive is part of a larger organization or (B) solely because of a change in title. For the Executive to receive the benefits under this Agreement as a result of a voluntary resignation under this subsection (e), all of the following requirements must be satisfied: (1) the Executive must provide notice to the Company of his intent to assert Good Reason within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of one or more of the conditions set forth in subclauses (i) through (iv); (2) the Company will have thirty (30) days (the Company Cure Period) from the date of such notice to remedy the condition and, if it does so, the Executive may withdraw his resignation or may resign with no benefits under this Agreement; and (3) any termination of employment under this provision must occur within ten (10) days of the earlier of expiration of the Company Cure Period or written notice from the Company that it will not undertake to cure the condition set forth in subclauses (i) through (iii). Should the Company remedy the condition as set forth above and then one or more of the conditions arises again within twelve months following the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Executive may assert Good Reason again subject to all of the conditions set forth herein.

(f) Plan means the Companys 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time.

(g) Release Conditions mean the following conditions occurring within sixty (60) days following the Separation: (i) the Company has received the Executives executed Release and (ii) any rescission period applicable to the Executives executed Release has expired.

(h) Qualifying Termination means a Separation that is not a CIC Qualifying Termination, but which results from (i) the Company terminating the Executives employment for any reason other than Cause or (ii) the Executive voluntarily resigning his employment for Good Reason.

(i) Separation means a separation from service, as defined in the regulations under Section 409A of the Code.

8. Successors.

(a) Companys Successors. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets, by an agreement in substance and form satisfactory to the Executive, to assume this Agreement and to agree expressly to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform it in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business and/or assets or which becomes bound by this Agreement by operation of law.

(b) Executives Successors. This Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

9. Golden Parachute Taxes.

(a) Best After-Tax Result. In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (the Payments) would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this subsection (a), be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, any successor provisions, or any comparable federal, state, local or foreign excise tax (the Excise Tax), then, subject to the provisions of Section 10, such Payments shall be either (A) provided in full pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other applicable agreement, or (B) provided as to such lesser extent which would result in the Payments being $1.00 less than the amount at which any portion of the Payments would be subject to the Excise Tax (the Reduced

Amount), whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and other taxes and the Excise Tax (including, without limitation, any interest or penalties on such taxes), results in the receipt by Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of payments and benefits provided for hereunder or otherwise, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such Payments may be subject to the Excise Tax. Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section shall be made by independent tax counsel designated by the Company and reasonably acceptable to Executive (the Independent Tax Counsel), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required under this Section, Independent Tax Counsel may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code; provided that Independent Tax Counsel shall assume that Executive pays all taxes at the highest marginal rate. The Company and Executive shall furnish to Independent Tax Counsel such information and documents as Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section. The Company shall bear all costs that Independent Tax Counsel may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section. In the event that Section 9(a)(ii)(B) above applies, then based on the information provided to Executive and the Company by Independent Tax Counsel, Executive may, in Executives sole discretion and within thirty (30) days of the date on which Executive is provided with the information prepared by Independent Tax Counsel, determine which and how much of the Payments (including the accelerated vesting of equity compensation awards) to be otherwise received by Executive shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such determination the value (as calculated by Independent Tax Counsel in accordance with the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code) of the amounts payable or distributable to Executive equals the Reduced Amount). If the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) determines that any Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, then Section 9(b) hereof shall apply, and the enforcement of Section 9(b) shall be the exclusive remedy to the Company.

(b) Adjustments. If, notwithstanding any reduction described in Section 9(a) hereof (or in the absence of any such reduction), the IRS determines that Executive is liable for the Excise Tax as a result of the receipt of one or more Payments, then Executive shall be obligated to surrender or pay back to the Company, within one-hundred twenty (120) days after a final IRS determination, an amount of such payments or benefits equal to the Repayment Amount. The Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be the smallest such amount, if any, as shall be required to be surrendered or paid to the Company so that Executives net proceeds with respect to such Payments (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments) shall be maximized. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Repayment Amount with respect to such Payments shall be zero (0) if a Repayment Amount of more than zero (0) would not eliminate the Excise Tax imposed on such Payments or if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not maximize the net amount received by Executive from the Payments. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this Section 9(b), Executive shall pay the Excise Tax.

10. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) Section 409A. To the extent (i) any payments to which Executive becomes entitled under this Agreement, or any agreement or plan referenced herein, in connection with Executives termination of employment with the Company constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and (ii) Executive is deemed at the time of such termination of employment to be a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code, then such payment or payments shall not be made or commence until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the Executives Separation; or (ii) the date of Executives death following such Separation; provided, however, that such deferral shall only be effected to the extent required to avoid adverse tax treatment to Executive, including (without limitation) the additional twenty percent (20%) tax for which Executive would otherwise be liable under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code in the absence of such deferral. Upon the expiration of the applicable deferral period, any payments which would have otherwise been made during that period (whether in a single sum or in installments) in the absence of this paragraph shall be paid to Executive or Executives beneficiary in

one lump sum (without interest). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to the extent any expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit under this Agreement (or otherwise referenced herein) is determined to be subject to (and not exempt from) Section 409A of the Code, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in kind benefits to be provided in any other calendar year, in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive incurred such expenses, and in no event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its exemption or compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder are exempt from Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent, and for any payments where such construction is not tenable, that those payments comply with Section 409A to the maximum permissible extent. To the extent any payment under this Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this Agreement (or referenced in this Agreement) are intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the regulations under Section 409A.

(b) Other Arrangements. This Agreement supersedes any and all cash severance arrangements and vesting acceleration arrangements under any agreement governing Equity Awards, severance and salary continuation arrangements, programs and plans which were previously offered, or may be offered on the Effective Date or thereafter, by the Company to the Executive, including change in control severance arrangements and vesting acceleration arrangements pursuant to an agreement governing Equity Awards, employment agreement or offer letter, and Executive hereby waives Executives rights to such other benefits. In no event shall any individual receive cash severance benefits under both this Agreement and any other vesting acceleration arrangement, severance pay or salary continuation program, plan or other arrangement with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall Executive receive payment under both Section 2 and Section 3 with respect to Executives Separation.

(c) Dispute Resolution. To ensure rapid and economical resolution of any and all disputes that might arise in connection with this Agreement, Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action, in law or equity, arising from or relating to this Agreement or its enforcement, performance, breach, or interpretation, will be resolved solely and exclusively by final, binding, and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in San Francisco County, and conducted by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS) under its then-existing employment rules and procedures. Nothing in this section, however, is intended to prevent either party from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Each party to an arbitration or litigation hereunder shall be responsible for the payment of its own attorneys fees.

(d) Notice. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid or deposited with Federal Express Corporation, with shipping charges prepaid. In the case of the Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to him or her at the home address which he most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the attention of its Secretary.

(e) Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive). No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

(f) Withholding Taxes. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other charges required to be withheld by law.

(g) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.

(h) No Retention Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Executive any right to continue in service for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or of the Executive, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate his service at any time and for any reason, with or without Cause.

(i) Choice of Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (other than its choice-of-law provisions).

(j) Entire Agreement. Upon the full execution of this Agreement, the Prior Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated and superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement, and shall be of no further force or effect.

[Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written.

EXECUTIVE 

WISTER WALCOTT

By:_________________________________

COMPANY

MARIN SOFTWARE INCORPORATED

By: _______________________________

Name: _______________________________

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mrin-20250322.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Cover [Abstract] 
Entity Addresses [Line Items] 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Document Type 
Document Type 
Security 12b Title 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Address Type [Domain] 
Former Address [Member] 
Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 
Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 
Written Communications 
Written Communications 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Securities Act File Number 
Entity File Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
City Area Code 
City Area Code 
Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 
Entity Addresses [Table]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 22, 2025

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name Marin Software Incorporated

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001389002

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 22, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-35838

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-4647180

Entity Address, Address Line One 149 New Montgomery Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two 4th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94105

City Area Code 415

Local Phone Number 399-2580

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol MRIN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Address Line One 845 Market Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 450

Entity Address, City or Town San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94103

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
2 
23 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.marinsoftware.com/20250322/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mrin-20250322.htm 
mrin-20250322.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-046082-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>mrin-20250322_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001389002 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-03-22 
2025-03-22 

0001389002 

2025-03-22 
2025-03-22 

0001389002 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-22 
Marin Software Incorporated 
DE 
001-35838 
20-4647180 
149 New Montgomery Street 
4th Floor 
San Francisco 
CA 
94105 
415 
399-2580 
845 Market Street 
Suite 450 
San Francisco 
CA 
94103 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
MRIN 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>