<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950142-25-000519.txt : 20250224
<SEC-HEADER>0000950142-25-000519.hdr.sgml : 20250224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250224170152
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950142-25-000519
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROLLINS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000084839
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-TO DWELLINGS & OTHER BUILDINGS [7340]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				510068479
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04422
		FILM NUMBER:		25658028

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2170 PIEDMONT RD NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30324
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4048882000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2170 PIEDMONT ROAD NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30324
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>eh250594913_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?FORM 8-K

false000008483900000848392025-02-242025-02-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
24, 2025

ROLLINS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-4422 51-0068479

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2170 Piedmont Road, N.E.

Atlanta, Georgia

(Address of principal executive offices) 

30324

(Zip Code)

(Registrants telephone number, including area
code): (404) 888-2000

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, If Changed since Last
Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each
class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange
on which

registered

Common Stock ROL New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter)

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

5.25% Senior Notes due 2035 

On February 24, 2025, Rollins, Inc. (the Company)
issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.25% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes). The Notes were issued pursuant
to an indenture, dated as of February 24, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Company, the guarantors party thereto and Regions
Bank, as trustee. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and are guaranteed by the Companys subsidiaries that
are guarantors under its $1.0 billion revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility), provided for by the revolving credit
agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, among the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other parties
party thereto. The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be used by the Company primarily to repay outstanding borrowings under
the Credit Facility, as well as for general corporate purposes, which may include dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions, working
capital and capital expenditures.

As the general unsecured obligations of the
Company, the Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the Companys other existing and future senior indebtedness, including
borrowings under its Credit Facility. The Notes are not secured by any of the Companys assets. Certain of the Companys existing
and future subsidiaries will guarantee the Notes on a senior unsecured basis to the extent and for so long as such entities guarantee
indebtedness under our Credit Facility. Holders of the Notes will not have a direct claim on assets of the Companys subsidiaries
that do not guarantee the Notes and the Notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of the Companys
subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Notes. As of December 31, 2024, the Companys non-guarantor subsidiaries had no indebtedness.

The Company will pay interest on the Notes at
a rate of 5.25% per annum. Interest on the Notes is payable semiannually in arrears to holders of record at the close of business on February
9 or August 9 immediately preceding the interest payment date on February 24 and August 24 of each year, commencing August 24, 2025. The
Notes mature on February 24, 2035.

Prior to November 24, 2034, the Company may
redeem the Notes in whole or in part at a price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, plus the make-whole premium. On or after November 24, 2034, the Company may redeem the Notes
at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any.

If a change of control repurchase event occurs,
the holders of the Notes may require the Company to purchase for cash all or a portion of their Notes at a purchase price equal to 101%
of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date.

The Indenture contains covenants that limit
the Company and its subsidiaries ability to, among other things: (i) incur liens on any Operating Properties (as defined in the
Indenture); (ii) enter into any sale/leaseback transaction with respect to any Operating Properties; and (iii) consolidate with, merge
with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all its assets to, any other person. These covenants are subject
to a number of important exceptions and qualifications, as described in the Indenture. The Indenture also provides for customary events
of default, which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations
on all the then outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately.

The Notes were offered and sold only to persons
reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), or outside of the United States, to persons other than U.S. persons in compliance with Regulation S under the
Securities Act. The Notes were not issued in a transaction registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction,
and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and applicable state laws.

Registration Rights Agreement 

On February 24, 2025, in connection with the
issuance of the Notes, the Company and the guarantors entered into a registration rights agreement with the representatives of the initial
purchasers of the Notes, relating to, among other things, an exchange offer for the Notes (the Registration Rights Agreement).
Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is obligated to (i) cause to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC) a registration statement for exchange offers of freely tradable notes having substantially identical terms as
the Notes issued under the Indenture within 270 days after the issue date and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration
statement declared effective by the SEC and cause the exchange offers to be completed within 30 business days after such registration
statement becomes effective. If the Company is unable to effect the exchange offer under certain circumstances, the Company is

obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to have a shelf registration
statement declared effective by the SEC with respect to resales of the Notes as soon as practicable after the obligation to file such
shelf registration statement arises and to keep such shelf registration statement effective, supplemented and amended until all of the
Notes covered by the shelf registration statement cease to be registrable securities. If the exchange offer is not completed within 395
days after the issue date of the Notes or a shelf registration statement, if required under the Registration Rights Agreement, does not
become effective within 270 days after the issue date, then the interest rate on the Notes will increase by 0.25% per annum for the first
90-day period following such 395th or 270th day, as applicable, and (ii) an additional 0.25% per annum thereafter
until the exchange offer is completed, the shelf registration becomes effective, the Notes cease to be outstanding under the Indenture,
or the Notes have been resold in compliance with Rule 144, under the Securities Act.

The foregoing descriptions of the Notes, the
Indenture and the Registration Rights Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their respective entireties by reference
to the full text of the Indenture, the Registration Rights Agreement and the form of the Notes, which are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2 and
4.3 hereto, respectively and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation 

The information set forth under item 1.01 above
is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description
of Exhibit

4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2025, among Rollins, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto from time to time and Regions Bank, as trustee.

4.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2025, among Rollins, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC.

4.3 Form of Note for Rollins, Inc.s 5.25% Senior Notes due 2035 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 hereto).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

ROLLINS, INC. 

Date: February 24, 2025 By: /s/ Kenneth D. Krause 

Name: Kenneth D. Krause 

Title: Principal Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>eh250594913_ex0401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 4.1

ROLLINS, INC.

as Issuer

The GUARANTORS

from time to time party hereto

5.250% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035

INDENTURE

Dated as of February 24, 2025

Regions Bank

as Trustee

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article 1 Definitions and Incorporation by Reference 1

Section 1.01 Definitions 1

Section 1.02 Other Definitions 11

Section 1.03 Rules of Construction 12

Section 1.04 Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 12

Article 2 The Notes 13

Section 2.01 Form and Dating 13

Section 2.02 Execution and Authentication 13

Section 2.03 Holder Lists 14

Section 2.04 Transfer and Exchange 14

Section 2.05 Issuance of Additional Notes 26

Section 2.06 Registrar and Paying Agent 26

Section 2.07 Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 27

Section 2.08 Replacement Notes 27

Section 2.09 Outstanding Notes 28

Section 2.10 Temporary Notes 28

Section 2.11 Cancellation 28

Section 2.12 Defaulted Interest 29

Section 2.13 CUSIP Numbers; ISINs 29

Section 2.14 Certain Transfers in Connection with and After the Exchange Offer under the Registration Rights Agreement 29

Section 2.15 Exchange Offer 30

Section 2.16 Securityholder Lists 30

Article 3 Redemption and Prepayment 30

Section 3.01 Notices to Trustee 30

Section 3.02 Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased 30

Section 3.03 Notice of Redemption 31

Section 3.04 Effect of Notice of Redemption 32

Section 3.05 Deposit of Redemption or Purchase Price 32

Section 3.06 Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part 33

Section 3.07 Optional Redemption 33

Section 3.08 Mandatory Redemption 34

i 

Article 4 Covenants 34

Section 4.01 Payment of Notes 34

Section 4.02 Maintenance of Office or Agency 34

Section 4.03 Reports 35

Section 4.04 Compliance Certificate 35

Section 4.05 Restrictions on Liens 35

Section 4.06 Restrictions on Sales and Leasebacks 37

Section 4.07 Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event 38

Section 4.08 Additional Subsidiary Guarantees 39

Section 4.09 Other Limitations 40

Article 5 Successors 40

Section 5.01 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets 40

Section 5.02 Successor Corporation Substituted 41

Article 6 Defaults and Remedies 41

Section 6.01 Events of Default 41

Section 6.02 Acceleration 43

Section 6.03 Other Remedies 43

Section 6.04 Waiver of Past Defaults 44

Section 6.05 Control by Majority 44

Section 6.06 Limitation on Suits 44

Section 6.07 Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment 45

Section 6.08 Collection Suit by Trustee 45

Section 6.09 Trustee May File Proofs of Claims 45

Section 6.10 Priorities 45

Section 6.11 Restoration of Rights and Remedies 46

Section 6.12 Undertaking for Costs 46

Section 6.13 Rights and Remedies Cumulative 47

Section 6.14 Delay or Omission Not Waiver 47

Article 7 Trustee 47

Section 7.01 General 47

Section 7.02 Certain Rights of Trustee 48

Section 7.03 Individual Rights of Trustee 50

Section 7.04 Trustees Disclaimer 50

Section 7.05 Notice of Default 50

ii 

Section 7.06 Compensation and Indemnity 50

Section 7.07 Replacement of Trustee 51

Section 7.08 Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc 52

Section 7.09 Eligibility 52

Section 7.10 Money Held in Trust 52

Section 7.11 Preferential Collection of Claims against Company 52

Section 7.12 Reports by Trustee to Holders 53

Article 8 Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 53

Section 8.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 53

Section 8.02 Legal Defeasance and Discharge 53

Section 8.03 Covenant Defeasance 54

Section 8.04 Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance 55

Section 8.05 Deposited Money and Government Securities to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions 55

Section 8.06 Repayment to Company 56

Section 8.07 Reinstatement 56

Article 9 Amendment, Supplement and Waiver 57

Section 9.01 Without Consent of Holders of Notes 57

Section 9.02 With Consent of Holders of Notes 58

Section 9.03 Revocation and Effect of Consents 58

Section 9.04 Notation on or Exchange of Notes 59

Section 9.05 Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc 59

Section 9.06 Compliance with Trust Indenture Act 59

Article 10 Subsidiary Guarantees 60

Section 10.01 Guarantee 60

Section 10.02 Limitation on Guarantor Liability 61

Section 10.03 Execution and Delivery of Subsidiary Guarantee 61

Section 10.04 Guarantors May Consolidate, etc., 62

Section 10.05 Releases 62

Article 11 Satisfaction and Discharge 63

Section 11.01 Satisfaction and Discharge 63

Section 11.02 Application of Trust Money 65

Article 12 [Intentionally omitted] 65

Article 13 Miscellaneous 65

Section 13.01 Notices 65

iii 

Section 13.02 Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 66

Section 13.03 Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 67

Section 13.04 Evidence of Ownership 67

Section 13.05 Rules by Trustee, Paying Agent or Registrar 67

Section 13.06 Payment Date Other Than a Business Day 67

Section 13.07 No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 67

Section 13.08 Governing Law 68

Section 13.09 No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 68

Section 13.10 Successors 68

Section 13.11 Duplicate Originals and Electronic Signing 68

Section 13.12 Separability 69

Section 13.13 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc 69

Section 13.14 Incorporators, Stockholders, Officers and Directors of Company Exempt from Individual Liability 69

Section 13.15 [Intentionally Omitted] 70

Section 13.16 Trust Indenture Act 70

Section 13.17 Communication by Holders with Other Holders 70

Section 13.18 Patriot Act 70

Exhibit A FORM OF NOTE

Exhibit B FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

Exhibit C FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE

Exhibit D FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF ACQUIRING INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR

Exhibit E FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREADDITIONAL SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES

iv 

INDENTURE dated as of February 24, 2025, among
Rollins, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), each Guarantor (as defined herein) party hereto and Regions
Bank, as trustee (the Trustee).

Each party agrees as follows for the benefit
of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined herein) of the 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes)
issued pursuant to this Indenture (as defined herein).

This Indenture is subject to, and will be governed
by, the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are required to be a part of and govern indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture
Act.

Article 1

Definitions and Incorporation by Reference

Section 1.01Definitions.

For purposes of this Indenture, the following
terms shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.01 [Definitions].

144A Global Note means
a Global Note substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto bearing the Global Legend and the Private Placement Legend and deposited
with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the Depositary or its nominee that will be issued in a denomination equal to the
outstanding principal amount of the Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A.

Additional Interest has
the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Additional Notes means
additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued from time to time under this Indenture in accordance with Section 2.05 [Issuance
of Additional Notes] hereof.

Affiliate of any specified
Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such
specified Person. For purposes of this definition, control, as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly
or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise; provided that beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the voting stock of a Person
will be deemed to be control. For purposes of this definition, the terms controlling, controlled by and under
common control with have correlative meanings.

Agent means any Registrar,
co-registrar, Paying Agent or additional paying agent.

Applicable Procedures means,
with respect to the Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream, as to any matter at any time, the rules and procedures of the Depositary, Euroclear
and Clearstream, if any, that are applicable to such matter at such time.

Attributable Debt means
in respect of a sale and leaseback transaction means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate of interest
implicit in the terms of the lease involved in the sale and leaseback transaction, as determined in good faith by the Company) of the
obligation of the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee, whether
or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates
and similar charges or any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon monetary inflation or the amount of sales,
maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of such lease (including
any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended).

Below Investment Grade Rating Event
means the rating on the Notes is lowered by each of the Rating Agencies and the Notes are rated below Investment Grade by each of the
Rating Agencies on any day within the 60-day period (which 60-day period will be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under
publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies) after the earlier of (1) the occurrence of a
Change of Control and (2) public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of
Control; provided that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will
not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Below Investment Grade Rating
Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which
this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform the Trustee in writing at its request that the reduction
was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable
Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control has occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event).

Board of Directors means
either the Board of Directors of the Company or (except for the purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Change of Control)
any committee of such board duly authorized to act under this Indenture.

Board Resolution means
one or more resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company or any authorized committee thereof, certified by the secretary or an
assistant secretary to have been duly adopted and to be in full force and effect on the date of certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

Business Day means any
day other than a Legal Holiday.

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any of the following:

(a)the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or
a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Companys and its subsidiaries assets, taken as a whole, to
any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company, one of the Companys
subsidiaries or one or more Permitted Holders;

2 

(b) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Board of Directors are not Continuing Directors; or

(c)the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company, one or more of the Companys
wholly-owned subsidiaries or any Permitted Holder, becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then
outstanding number of shares of the Companys voting stock.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction
will not be deemed to involve a Change of Control if (1) the Company becomes a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding
company; and (2)(A) the direct or indirect holders of the voting stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction
are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys voting stock immediately prior to that transaction or (B) immediately
following that transaction no person (other than a holding company satisfying the requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner,
directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting stock of such holding company.

The term person, as used in this
definition, has the meaning given thereto in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act.

Change of Control Offer
has the meaning provided in Section 4.07 [Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event].

Change of Control Repurchase Event
means the occurrence of a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event.

Company means Rollins,
Inc., and any and all successors thereto.

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
means the aggregate amount of assets (less applicable reserves and other properly deductible items) of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries after deducting therefrom (a) all goodwill, tradenames, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other
like intangibles and (b) all current liabilities (excluding any current liabilities for money borrowed having a maturity of less than
12 months but by its terms being renewable or extendible beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower), all as reflected
in the Companys latest audited consolidated balance sheet contained in the Companys most recent annual report to its stockholders
prior to the time as of which Consolidated Net Tangible Assets will be determined.

continuing means, with
respect to any Event of Default, that such Event of Default has not been cured or waived.

Continuing Directors means,
as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors who (1) was a member of the Board of Directors on the Issue Date;
or (2) was nominated for election, elected or appointed to the Board of Directors with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors
who were members of the Board of Directors at the time of such nomination, election or appointment (either by a specific vote or by approval
of the

3 

Companys proxy statement in which such member was named as
a nominee for election as a director).

Corporate Trust Office
means the address of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be principally administered, which
initially shall be the address set forth in Section 13.01 [Notices] hereof.

Credit Facility means the
revolving Credit Facility, dated as of February 24, 2023, among the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, for the
lenders party thereto, and the other financial institutions party thereto, as may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented, waived,
modified, renewed or replaced from time to time.

Custodian means the Trustee,
as custodian with respect to the Notes in global form, or any successor entity thereto.

Definitive Note means a
certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.04 [Transfer and Exchange]
hereof. Definitive Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto except that such Note shall not bear the Global
Legend and shall not have the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto.

Default means any event
or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event
of Default (it being understood that no Default shall arise with respect to any Event of Default that would arise under
Section 6.01(iv) to the extent the underlying event of default under the applicable indebtedness has not occurred).

Depositary means, with
respect to the Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in global form, the Person specified in Section 2.06 [Registrar and
Paying Agent] hereof as the Depositary, and any and all successors thereto appointed as depositary hereunder and having become such
pursuant to the applicable provision of this Indenture.

Exchange Act means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exchange Notes means, with
respect to the Initial Notes, notes issued in exchange for the Initial Notes pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement
or, with respect to any Additional Notes, notes issued in exchange for such Additional Notes pursuant to the terms of a registration rights
agreement among the Company and the initial purchasers of such Additional Notes.

Exchange Offer has the
meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Existing Stockholders means
(a) Gary W. Rollins, Amy R. Kreisler, Pamela R. Rollins and Timothy C. Rollins, and any of their respective spouses and lineal descendants,
(b) any trust, corporation, partnership or other entity, the beneficiaries, stockholders, partners, owners or persons beneficially holding
an 80% or more controlling interest of which consist of the persons referred to in clause (a), (c) (i) the Gary W. Rollins Voting Trust
U/A dated September 14, 1994, (ii) the R. Randall Rollins Voting Trust U/A dated August 25, 1994, (iii) Rollins Holding

4 

Company, Inc., (iv) RCTLOR, LLC, (v) RFA Management Company, LLC,
(vi) The Margaret H. Rollins 2014 Trust, (vii) RFT Investment Company, LLC, and (viii) the 2007 GWR Grandchildrens Partnership,
and (d) LOR, Inc.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings
Inc. or any successor entity.

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other
entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are in effect from time to time; provided,
that any lease that would not be considered a capital lease pursuant to GAAP prior to the effectiveness o Accounting Standards Codification
842 (whether or not such lease was in effect on such date) shall be treated as an operating lease for all purposes under this Indenture
and shall not be deemed to constitute indebtedness hereunder.

Global Legend means the
legend set forth in Section 2.04(f)(ii) [Transfer and Exchange] hereof, which is required to be placed on all Global Notes
issued under this Indenture.

Global Notes means, individually
and collectively, each Restricted Global Note and each Unrestricted Global Note deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name
of the Depositary or its nominee that bears the Global Legend and that has the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global
Note attached thereto, issued in accordance with Section 2.01 [Form and Dating], 2.04(b)(iii) [Transfer and Exchange],
2.04(b)(iv) [Transfer and Exchange], 2.04(d)(ii) [Transfer and Exchange] or 2.04(e) [Transfer and Exchange] hereof.

Government Securities means
direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed by, the United States of America (including any agency or instrumentality thereof) for
the payment of which obligations or guarantees the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged and which are not
callable or redeemable at the Companys option.

Guarantee means a guarantee
other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business, direct or indirect, in any manner
including, without limitation, by way of a pledge of assets or through letters of credit or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof,
of all or any part of any debt (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreements to keep-well, to purchase assets,
goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise); provided that standard
contractual indemnities which do not relate to debt shall not be considered a Guarantee.

Guarantors means,
with respect to the Notes, any Subsidiary that executes a Subsidiary Guarantee with respect to the Notes in accordance with the provisions
of this Indenture, and their respective successors and assigns.

Holder means a Person in
whose name a Note is registered.

Indenture means this Indenture
governing the Notes, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms.

5 

Indirect Participant means
a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a Participant.

Initial Notes means the
$500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Notes issued under this Indenture on the Issue Date.

Initial Purchasers means
BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Fifth Third Securities,
Inc., Huntington Securities, Inc., Regions Securities LLC, WauBank Securities LLC, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. and shall include any other
entity designed as such with respect to any Additional Notes issued after the date of this Indenture.

Institutional Accredited Investor
means an institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act,
who are not also QIBs.

Interest Payment Date means,
when used with respect to any Note, the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Note.

Investment Grade means
a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Fitch) and a rating of BBB- or better
by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P) or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from
any additional Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by the Company.

Issue Date means February
24, 2025.

Legal Holiday means a Saturday,
a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the City of New York or at a place of payment are authorized by law, regulation or
executive order to remain closed. If a payment date is a Legal Holiday at a place of payment, payment may be made at that place on the
next succeeding day that is not a Legal Holiday, and no interest shall accrue on such payment for the intervening period.

Management Stockholders
means the members of management of the Company (or any Parent Entity) or its Subsidiaries who are holders of capital stock of the Company
or of any Parent Entity on the Issue Date.

Non-U.S. Person means a
Person who is not a U.S. Person.

Notes means the Initial
Notes and any Additional Notes issued on or after the Issue Date in accordance with Section 2.05 [Issuance of Additional Notes],
treated as a single class of securities, as amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, that are issued
pursuant to this Indenture.

Offering Memorandum means
the offering memorandum of the Company relating to the initial offering of the Notes, dated February 19, 2025.

Officer means the chairman
of the board of directors, any member of the board of directors, the sole member, the general partner, the managing member, the chief
executive officer, the chief financial officer, the chief operating officer, the president, any executive vice

6 

president, senior vice president, vice president or assistant vice
president, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, the controller, the secretary or any assistant secretary of a person or any other officer
of such person designated by any such individuals. Unless otherwise specified, reference to an Officer means an Officer
of the Company.

Officers Certificate
means a certificate signed on behalf of a Person by an Officer of such Person, complying with Section 13.03 [Statements Required
in Certificate or Opinion] and delivered to the Trustee. Each such certificate shall include (except as otherwise expressly provided
in this Indenture) the statements provided in Section 13.03 [Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion]. Unless otherwise
specified, reference to an Officers Certificate means a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by an Officer
of the Company.

Operating Property means
any manufacturing or processing plant, warehouse or distribution center, together with the land upon which it is situated, located within
the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Singapore, Mexico or in Canada and owned and operated now or hereafter by the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary and having a net book value on the date as of which the determination is being made of more than 1.0% of
Consolidated Net Tangible Assets other than property which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, is not of material importance to
the total business conducted by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

Opinion of Counsel means
a written opinion signed by legal counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the Company, reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee
and complying with Section 13.03 [Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion]. Each such opinion shall include the statements
provided in Section 13.03 [Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion], if and to the extent required thereby.

Parent Entity means any
direct or indirect parent of the Company.

Participant means, with
respect to the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, a Person who has an account with the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, respectively
(and, with respect to DTC, shall include Euroclear and Clearstream).

Permitted Holders means,
collectively, (i) the Existing Stockholders, (ii) the Management Stockholders (including any Management Stockholders holding capital stock
through an equity holding vehicle), (iii) any person who is acting solely as an underwriter in connection with a public or private offering
of capital stock of any Parent Entity or the Company, acting in such capacity, (iv) any group (within the meaning of Section
13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of which any of the foregoing, any holding company, Permitted
Plan or any person or group that becomes a Permitted Holder specified in the last sentence of this definition are members and any member
of such group; provided that, in the case of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group,
persons referred to in subclauses (i) through (iii), collectively, have beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the total voting power
of the voting stock of the Company or any Parent Entity held by such group and (v) any Permitted Plan. Any person or group whose acquisition
of beneficial ownership constitutes a Change of Control in respect of

7 

which a Change of Control Offer is made or waived in accordance
with the requirements of this Indenture, will thereafter, together with its Affiliates, constitute an additional Permitted Holder.

Permitted Plan means any
employee benefits plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates and any person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary
or administrator of any such plan.

Person means an individual,
a corporation, a partnership, a limited liability company, an association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Principal of a Note means
the principal amount of, and, unless the context indicates otherwise, includes any premium payable on, the Note.

Private Placement Legend
means the legend set forth in Section 2.04(f)(i) [Transfer and Exchange] hereof to be placed on all Notes issued under this
Indenture except where otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Indenture.

QIB means a qualified
institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A.

Rating Agency means (1)
each of Fitch and S&P; and (2) if either Fitch or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly
available for reasons outside of the Companys control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization as
defined in Section 15E of the Exchange Act, selected by us as a replacement agency for Fitch or S&P, or both, as the case may be.

Registration Rights Agreement
means the Registration Rights Agreement related to the Notes, dated as of the Issue Date, among the Company, the Guarantors, BofA Securities,
Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC , and each of the other Initial Purchasers and, with respect to any
Additional Notes, one or more registration rights agreements between the Company and the other parties thereto, relating to rights given
by the Company to the purchasers of Additional Notes to register such Additional Notes under the Securities Act.

Regulation S means Regulation
S promulgated under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Global Note
means a Global Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto bearing the Global Legend and the Private Placement Legend and deposited
with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding Principal
of the Notes sold in reliance on Rule 903 of Regulation S.

Responsible Officer means,
when used with respect to the Trustee, any senior trust officer, any vice president, any trust officer, any assistant trust officer, or
any other officer or assistant officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by the persons who at
the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of his knowledge of and familiarity
with the particular subject.

Restricted Definitive Note
means a Definitive Note bearing the Private Placement Legend.

8 

Restricted Global Note
means a Global Note bearing the Private Placement Legend.

Restricted Period means
the 40-day distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Subsidiaries
means all Subsidiaries other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries.

Rule 144 means Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A
promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 903 means Rule 903
promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 904 means Rule 904
promulgated under the Securities Act.

S&P means S&P Global
Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., or any successor entity.

SEC means the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Significant Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such regulation is in effect on the Issue Date.

Stated Maturity means,
with respect to any installment of interest or principal on any series of indebtedness the date on which the payment of interest or principal
was scheduled to be paid in the documentation governing such indebtedness as of the first date it was incurred in compliance with the
terms of this Indenture, and will not include any contingent obligations to repay, redeem or repurchase any such interest or principal
prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment thereof.

Subsidiary means, with
respect to any Person, any corporation, association or other business entity of which a majority of the capital stock or other ownership
interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors or other persons performing similar functions are
at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person.

Subsidiary Guarantee means
the Guarantee by each Guarantor of the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Notes, executed pursuant to the provisions
of this Indenture.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date with respect to the Notes, the yield as determined by the Company in accordance with the following two
paragraphs:

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the
Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption

9 

date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that
appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 (TCM)). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company will select, as applicable: (1) the yield
for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone
yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis
(using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15
closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be
deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from
the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption
date H.15 (TCM) or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company will calculate the Treasury Rate based
on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business
Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par
Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United
States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call
Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company will select the United States Treasury security with a maturity
date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more
United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company will select from among these two or more
United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid
and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance
with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon
the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United
States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

Trust Indenture Act or
TIA means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

Trustee means the entity
named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor trustee shall have become such pursuant
to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean each such successor Person who is then
a trustee hereunder.

10 

United States and U.S.
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia), its territories and its possessions and other
areas subject to its jurisdiction.

U.S. Person means a U.S.
Person as defined in Rule 902(k) promulgated under the Securities Act.

Unrestricted Definitive Note
means a Definitive Note that does not bear and is not required to bear the Private Placement Legend.

Unrestricted Global Note
means a Global Note that does not bear and is not required to bear the Private Placement Legend.

Unrestricted Subsidiaries
are defined as (1) any Subsidiary substantially all of whose physical properties are located, or substantially all of whose business is
carried on, outside the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Singapore, Mexico and Canada, (2) any finance Subsidiary and (3)
any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. In addition, the Board of Directors may designate any other Subsidiary of the Company (including
any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary owns any capital stock of, or owns
or holds any mortgage on any Operating Property of, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company; provided that the
Subsidiary to be so designated has total assets at the time of such designation of $5 million or less.

Section 1.02Other Definitions.

For purposes of this Indenture, the following
terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.02.

Terms Defined in Section

Applicable Law 13.18

Authenticating Agent 2.02

Authentication Order 2.02

Change of Control Offer 4.07(b)

Change of Control Payment 4.07(a)

Change of Control Payment Date 4.07(b)(ii)

Company Preamble

Covenant Defeasance 8.03

Debt 4.05

DTC 2.04(f)(ii)

Event of Default 6.01

Executed Documentation 13.11

Legal Defeasance 8.02

mortgage 4.05

Notes Preamble

OID Legend 2.04(f)(iii)

Par Call Date 3.07(a)

Paying Agent 2.06

11 

Registrar 2.06

Trustee 8.05

Trustee Preamble

Section 1.03Rules of Construction.

Unless the context otherwise requires:

(i)a term has the meaning assigned to it;

(ii)an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;

(iii)or is not exclusive;

(iv)including is not limiting;

(v)words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular;

(vi)will shall be interpreted to express a command;

(vii)provisions apply to successive events and transactions;

(viii)references to sections of or rules under the Securities Act shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement of successor sections
or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time;

(ix)whenever in this Indenture there is mentioned, in any context, principal, interest or any other amount payable under or with respect
to any Note, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Interest to the extent that, in such context,
Additional Interest is, was or would be payable in respect thereof

Section 1.04Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision
is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture. The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings:

(i)indenture securities means the Notes.

(ii)indenture security holder means a Holder.

(iii)indenture to be qualified means this Indenture.

(iv)indenture trustee or institutional trustee means the Trustee.

(v)obligor on the indenture securities means the Company and any successor obligor upon the Notes.

12 

(b) All other terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by
SEC rule under the TIA and not otherwise defined herein are used herein as so defined.

Article 2

The Notes

Section 2.01Form and Dating.

(a)The Notes. The Notes shall be issued in registered global form without interest coupons. The Notes and the Trustees
certificate of authentication shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements
required by law, stock exchange rule or usage. The Company shall furnish any such notations, legends or endorsements to the Trustee in
writing. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples
of $1,000. The aggregate amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited.

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes
shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture and the Company, the Guarantors and the Trustee, by their execution
and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision
of the Notes conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of the Notes shall govern and be controlling.

(b)Global Notes. Notes issued in global form shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (including
the Global Legend thereon and the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto). Notes issued
in definitive form shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (but without the Global Legend thereon and without
the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto). Each Global Note shall represent such of the
outstanding Notes as will be specified therein and each shall provide that it represents the aggregate principal amount of outstanding
Notes from time to time as reflected in the records of the Trustee and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented
thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. The Trustees records
shall be noted to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby,
in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by Section 2.04 [Transfer and Exchange] hereof.

(c)Euroclear and Clearstream Procedures Applicable. The provisions of the Operating Procedures of the Euroclear
System and Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the General Terms and Conditions of Clearstream
Banking and Customer Handbook of Clearstream will be applicable to transfers of beneficial interests in the Regulation
S Global Note that are held by Participants through Euroclear or Clearstream.

Section 2.02Execution and Authentication.

13 

One Officer shall be required to sign the Notes
and any Additional Notes for the Company by manual or facsimile signature.

If an Officer whose signature is on a Note no
longer holds that office at the time a Note is authenticated, the Note will nevertheless be valid.

A Note will not be valid until authenticated
by the manual signature of the Trustee. The signature will be conclusive evidence that the Note has been authenticated under this Indenture.

The Trustee shall, upon receipt of a written
order of the Company signed by at least one Officer (an Authentication Order), authenticate Notes for original issue
under this Indenture, including any Additional Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.05 [Issuance of Additional Notes] hereof.
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time may not exceed the aggregate principal amount of Notes authorized for
issuance by the Company pursuant to one or more Authentication Orders, except as provided in Section 2.08 [Replacement Notes]
hereof.

The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent
(the Authenticating Agent) acceptable to the Company to authenticate Notes. The Authenticating Agent may authenticate
Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such
agent. The Authenticating Agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with Holders, the Company or an Affiliate of the Company.

Section 2.03Holder Lists.

The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form
as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of all Holders. If the Trustee is not the
Registrar, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee at least seven Business Days before each interest payment date and at such other times
as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and
addresses of the Holders.

Section 2.04Transfer and Exchange.

(a)Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to
a nominee of the Depositary, by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary, or by the Depositary
or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. All Global Notes shall be exchanged by the Company
for Definitive Notes if:

(i)the Company delivers to the Trustee written notice from the Depositary that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as Depositary
or that it is no longer a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Depositary is not appointed
by the Company within 120 days after the date of such notice from the Depositary is received;

(ii)the Company in its sole discretion determines that the Global Notes (in whole but not in part) should be exchanged for Definitive
Notes and delivers a written notice to such effect to the Trustee; or

14 

(iii) there has occurred and is continuing an Event of Default with respect to the Notes.

Upon the occurrence of any of the preceding
events in (i), (ii) or (iii) above, Definitive Notes shall be issued in such names and in any approved denominations as the Depositary
shall instruct the Trustee in writing. Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.08
[Replacement Notes] and 2.10 [Temporary Notes] herein. Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu
of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.04 [Transfer and Exchange] or Sections 2.08 [Replacement
Notes] and 2.10 [Temporary Notes] herein, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note.
A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other than as provided in this Section 2.04(a) [Transfer and Exchange],
however, beneficial interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 2.04 [Transfer and Exchange]
(b), (c) or (e) hereof.

(b)Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests
in the Global Notes shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable Procedures.
Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Notes also will require compliance with either subparagraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable,
as well as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable:

(i)Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred
to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer
restrictions set forth in the Private Placement Legend. Beneficial interests in any Unrestricted Global Note may be transferred to Persons
who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall
be required to be delivered to the Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 2.04(b)(i) [Transfer and Exchange].

(ii)All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges
of beneficial interests that are not subject to Section 2.04(b)(i) [Transfer and Exchange] above, the transferor of such beneficial
interest must deliver to the Registrar either:

(1)both: (i) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable
Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal
to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged; and (ii) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing
information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase; or

(2)both: (i) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable
Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount

15 

equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged;
and (ii) instructions given by the Depositary to the Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive
Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above.

(iii)Transfer of Beneficial Interests to Another Restricted Global Note. A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note
may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Restricted Global Note if the
transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.04(b)(ii) [Transfer and Exchange] above and the Registrar receives the
following:

(1)if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note, then the transferor must deliver
a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; and

(2)if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note, then the transferor
must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof.

(iv)Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note.
A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note may be exchanged by any holder thereof for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted
Global Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note
if the exchange or transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.04(b)(ii) [Transfer and Exchange] above and the Registrar
receives the following:

(1)if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a beneficial
interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications
in item (1)(a) thereof; or

(2)if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person
who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder in
the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case of this Section 2.04(b)(iv) [Transfer
and Exchange], if the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable
to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer
contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

If any such transfer is effected pursuant to
this Section 2.04(b)(iv) [Transfer and Exchange] at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Company

16 

shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance
with Section 2.02 [Execution and Authentication] hereof, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of beneficial interests transferred pursuant to this Section 2.04(b)(iv)
[Transfer and Exchange].

Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global
Notes cannot be exchanged for, or transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of, a beneficial interest in a Restricted
Global Note.

(c)Transfer or Exchange of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes for Definitive Notes. Transfers or exchanges of beneficial
interests in Global Notes for Definitive Notes shall in each case be subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions set forth
in Section 2.04(b)(ii) [Transfer and Exchange] hereof, and to the requirements set forth below in this Section 2.04(c)
[Transfer and Exchange].

(i)Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in
a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial
interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note, then, upon receipt by the Registrar of the
following documentation:

(1)if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted
Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(a) thereof;

(2)if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate to the effect set forth in
Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(3)if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or
Rule 904, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof;

(4)if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a)
thereof;

(5)if such beneficial interest is being transferred to an Institutional Accredited Investor in reliance on an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) through (D) above, a certificate to the effect set forth
in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if applicable;

17 

(6) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a certificate to the effect set forth
in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof; or

(7)if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certificate
to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof, the Trustee shall cause the aggregate
principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.04(h) [Transfer and Exchange]
hereof, and the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive
Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note
pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) [Transfer and Exchange] shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized
denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar through instructions from the Depositary
and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes
are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.04(c)(i)
[Transfer and Exchange] shall bear the Private Placement Legend and shall be subject to all restrictions on transfer contained
therein.

(ii)Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A holder of a beneficial interest in a
Restricted Global Note may exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or may transfer such beneficial interest
to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note only if the Registrar receives the following:

(1)if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted
Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(b) thereof;
or

(2)if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person
who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit
B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in this Section 2.04(c)(ii)
[Transfer and Exchange], if the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form
reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that
the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance
with the Securities Act.

18 

(iii)Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest
in an Unrestricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest
to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note, then, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.04(b)(ii)
[Transfer and Exchange] hereof, the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Unrestricted Global Note
to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.04(h) [Transfer and Exchange] hereof, and the Company shall execute and the
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount.
Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.04(c)(iii) [Transfer and Exchange]
shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest
requests through instructions to the Registrar from or through the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee
shall deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange
for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.04(c)(iii) [Transfer and Exchange] shall not bear the Private Placement
Legend.

(d)Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests in Global Notes.

(i)Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes. If any Holder of a Restricted Definitive
Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note or to transfer such Restricted Definitive Notes
to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, then, upon receipt by the Registrar
of the following documentation:

(1)if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global
Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(b) thereof;

(2)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate to the effect set
forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(3)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule
903 or Rule 904, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof;

(4)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a)
thereof;

19 

(5) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to an Institutional Accredited Investor in reliance on an exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) through (D) above, a certificate to the
effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of Counsel required by item (3) thereof,
if applicable;

(6)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, a certificate to the effect
set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof; or

(7)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act,
a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof, the Trustee shall cancel
the Restricted Definitive Note, increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of, in the case of clause (1) above,
the appropriate Restricted Global Note, in the case of clause (2) above, the 144A Global Note, or in the case of clause (3) above, the
Regulation S Global Note.

(ii)Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note
may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Restricted Definitive Note to a Person
who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note only if the Registrar receives the following:

(1)if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted
Global Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(c) thereof; or

(2)if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in
the form of a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including
the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in this Section 2.04(d)(ii)
[Transfer and Exchange], if the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form
reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that
the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance
with the Securities Act.

Upon satisfaction of the conditions of this
Section 2.04(d)(ii) [Transfer and Exchange], the Trustee shall cancel the Restricted Definitive Notes and increase or cause
to be increased the aggregate principal amount of the Unrestricted Global Note.

20 

(iii)Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of an Unrestricted Definitive
Note may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Definitive Notes to a Person who
takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note at any time. Upon receipt of a request for
such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee shall cancel the applicable Unrestricted Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased
the aggregate principal amount of one of the Unrestricted Global Notes.

If any such exchange or transfer from a Definitive
Note to a beneficial interest is effected pursuant to subparagraphs (2)(A), (2)(B) or (3) above at a time when an Unrestricted Global
Note has not yet been issued, the Company shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02
[Execution and Authentication] hereof, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the principal amount of Definitive Notes so transferred.

(e)Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders
compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.04(e) [Transfer and Exchange], the Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange
of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder must present or surrender to the Registrar
the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form reasonably satisfactory to the Registrar
duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder must provide any additional
certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to the following provisions of this Section 2.04(e) [Transfer
and Exchange].

(i)Restricted Definitive Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be transferred to and registered
in the name of Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note if the Registrar receives the following:

(1)if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 144A, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto,
including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(2)if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit
B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; and

(3)if the transfer will be made pursuant to any other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, then the
transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of Counsel
required by item (3) thereof, if applicable.

(ii)Restricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be exchanged by the Holder
thereof for an Unrestricted

21 

Definitive Note or transferred to a Person or Persons who
take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note if the Registrar receives the following:

(1)if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate
from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(d) thereof; or

(2)if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in
the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications
in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in this Section 2.04(e)(2) [Transfer
and Exchange], if the Registrar so requests, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that
such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private
Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

(iii)Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A Holder of Unrestricted Definitive Notes may transfer such
Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note. Upon receipt of a request to register such
a transfer, the Registrar shall register the Unrestricted Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof.

(f)Legends. The following legends shall appear on the face of all Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued under this
Indenture unless specifically stated otherwise in the applicable provisions of this Indenture.

(i)Private Placement Legend.

(1)Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below, each Global Note and each Definitive Note (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor
or substitution thereof) shall bear the legend in substantially the following form:

THE SECURITY (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) EVIDENCED HEREBY WAS ORIGINALLY
ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SECTION 5 OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT), AND THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR
AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH PURCHASER OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER MAY BE RELYING ON
THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER. THE HOLDER OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED
HEREBY AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE COMPANY THAT (A) SUCH SECURITY MAY BE RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (1)(A) INSIDE
THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHO THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN

22 

RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT,
(B) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A FOREIGN PERSON IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF APPLICABLE)
OR (D) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY IF THE COMPANY SO REQUESTS), (2) TO THE COMPANY OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND,
IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION
AND (B) THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY OF THE RESALE
RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN CLAUSE (A) ABOVE. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144
FOR RESALE OF THE SECURITY EVIDENCED HEREBY.

(2)Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Global Note or Definitive Note issued pursuant to subparagraphs (b)(4), (c)(2), (c)(3), (d)(2),
(d)(3), (e)(2), (e)(3) or (f) of this Section 2.04 [Transfer and Exchange] (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution
thereof) shall not bear the Private Placement Legend.

(ii)Global Legend. Each Global Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE
INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY
PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (1) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.04
[Transfer and Exchange] OF THE INDENTURE, (2) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.04(a)
[Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes] OF THE INDENTURE, (3) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.11 [Cancellation] OF THE INDENTURE AND (4) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY
WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF ROLLINS, INC.

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN
DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF
THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR

23 

DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS
CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR
ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR
SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY
AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO
ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

(iii)Original Issue Discount. Each Global Note and each Definitive Note issued at a more than de minimis discount to its redemption
price at maturity (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) will bear a legend in substantially the following
form (the OID Legend):

THIS SECURITY HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE
DISCOUNT FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 1271 ET SEQ. OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED. A HOLDER MAY OBTAIN THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT
OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY FOR SUCH SECURITY BY SUBMITTING A REQUEST FOR SUCH INFORMATION TO THE ISSUER
AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS: ROLLINS, INC., 2170 PIEDMONT ROAD NE ATLANTA, GEORGIA 30324.

(g)Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note
have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part,
each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.11 [Cancellation]
herein. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person
who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount
of Notes represented by such Global Note will be reduced accordingly and a notation will be made on the records maintained by the Trustee
or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for
or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global
Note will be increased accordingly and a notation will be made on the records maintained by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction
of the Trustee to reflect such increase.

(h)General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

(i)To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate Global Notes and
Definitive Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 [Execution and Authentication] hereof
or at the Registrars request.

24 

(ii) No service charge shall be made to a Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for
any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar
governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange
or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.10 [Temporary Notes], 3.06 [Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part], 4.07 [Offer to Repurchase
Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event], 9.04 [Notation on or Exchange of Notes] and 9.05 [Trustee to Sign Amendments,
etc.] hereof).

(iii)The Registrar shall not be required to register the transfer of or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in
part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

(iv)All Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes
shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the
Global Notes or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(v)The Company shall not be required:

(1)to issue, to register the transfer of or to exchange any Notes during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before
the day of any selection of Notes for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of selection;

(2)to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion
of any Note being redeemed in part; or

(3)to register the transfer of or to exchange a Note between a record date and the next succeeding interest payment date.

(vi)Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Company may deem and treat
the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of
and interest on such Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Company shall be affected by notice to
the contrary.

(vii)The Trustee shall authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 [Execution
and Authentication] hereof.

(viii)All orders, certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to this Section 2.04
[Transfer and Exchange] to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile or electronic format (e.g.
pdf or tif).

25 

(ix) All references in this Section 2.04 [Transfer and Exchange] to the exchange or transfer of Notes, Global Notes, Definitive
Notes or any beneficial interests therein shall be deemed to refer to the exchange or transfer of the applicable Notes, Global Notes,
Definitive Notes or any beneficial interests therein.

Section 2.05Issuance of Additional Notes.

The Company shall be entitled, upon delivery
to the Trustee of an Officers Certificate, Opinion of Counsel and Authentication Order, to issue Additional Notes under this Indenture
which shall have identical terms as the Initial Notes issued on the Issue Date, other than with respect to the date of issuance and issue
price. The Initial Notes issued on the Issue Date and any Additional Notes issued shall be treated as a single class for all purposes
under this Indenture.

With respect to any Additional Notes, the Company
shall set forth in a Board Resolution and an Officers Certificate, a copy of each which shall be delivered to the Trustee, the
following information:

(a)the aggregate principal amount of such Additional Notes to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture; and

(b)the issue price, the issue date and the CUSIP number of such Additional Notes.

Section 2.06Registrar and Paying Agent.

The Company shall maintain an office or agency
where Notes may be presented for registration, registration of transfer or for exchange (the Registrar) and an office
or agency where Notes may be presented for payment (the Paying Agent), which initially shall be at the Corporate
Trust Office of the Trustee as provided in Section 13.01 hereof. The Company shall cause the Registrar to keep a register of the
Notes and of their transfer and exchange. The Company may have one or more additional Paying Agents or transfer agents.

The Company shall enter into an appropriate
agency agreement with any Agent not a party to this Indenture. The agreement shall implement the provisions of this Indenture. The Company
shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the name and address of any Agent and any change in the name or address of an Agent.
If the Company fails to maintain a Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such. The Company may remove any Agent upon written
notice to such Agent and the Trustee provided that no such removal shall become effective until (i) the acceptance of an
appointment by a successor Agent to such Agent as evidenced by an appropriate agency agreement entered into by the Company and such successor
Agent and delivered to the Trustee or (ii) written notification to the Trustee that the Trustee shall serve as such Agent until the appointment
of a successor Agent in accordance with clause (i) of this proviso. The Company or any Affiliate of the Company may act as Paying Agent
or Registrar provided that neither the Company nor an Affiliate of the Company shall act as Paying Agent in connection with
the defeasance of the Notes or the discharge of this Indenture under Article 11 [SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE].

The Company initially appoints DTC to act as
Depositary with respect to the Notes.

26 

The Company initially appoints the Trustee as
Registrar and Paying Agent. If, at any time, the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Registrar shall make available to the Trustee ten days
prior to each interest payment date and at such other times as the Trustee may reasonably request the names and addresses of the Holders
as they appear in the Notes register.

Section 2.07Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust.

Not later than 10:00 a.m. New York City time
on each due date of any Principal or interest on any Notes, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent money in immediately available
funds sufficient to pay such Principal or interest. The Company shall require each Paying Agent, other than the Trustee, to agree in writing
that such Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of such Notes or the Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent
for the payment of Principal of and interest on such Notes and shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Company
in making any such payment. The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee and account
for any funds disbursed, and the Trustee may at any time during the continuance of any payment default, upon written request to a Paying
Agent, require such Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee and to account for any funds disbursed. Upon doing so, the
Paying Agent shall have no further liability for the money so paid over to the Trustee. If the Company or any Affiliate of the Company
acts as Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of any Principal of or interest on any Notes, segregate and hold in a separate
trust fund for the benefit of the Holders thereof a sum of money sufficient to pay such Principal or interest so becoming due until such
sum of money shall be paid to such Holders or otherwise disposed of as provided in this Indenture, and shall promptly notify the Trustee
in writing of its action or failure to act as required by this Section.

Section 2.08Replacement Notes.

If a defaced or mutilated Note is surrendered
to the Trustee or if a Holder claims that its Note has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, the Company shall issue and the Trustee
shall, upon receipt of satisfactory evidence of such loss, destruction or theft, authenticate a replacement Note and tenor and principal
amount bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding. If required by the Trustee or the Company, an indemnity bond must be furnished
that is sufficient in the judgment of both the Trustee and the Company to protect the Company, the Trustee and any Agent from any loss
that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced. The Company may charge such Holder for its expenses and the expenses of the Trustee
(including without limitation attorneys fees and expenses) in replacing a Note. In case any such mutilated, defaced, lost, destroyed
or wrongfully taken Note has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its discretion may pay such Note instead of
issuing a new Note in replacement thereof.

Every replacement Note is an additional obligation
of the Company and shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.

To the extent permitted by law, the foregoing
provisions of this Section are exclusive with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or wrongfully taken
Notes.

27 

Section 2.09Outstanding Notes.

Notes outstanding at any time are all Notes
that have been authenticated by the Trustee except for those cancelled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation and those described
in this Section as not outstanding.

If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.08
[Replacement Notes], it ceases to be outstanding unless and until the Trustee and the Company receive proof satisfactory to them
that the replaced Note is held by a holder in due course.

If the Paying Agent (other than the Company
or an Affiliate of the Company) holds on the maturity date or any redemption date or date for repurchase of the Notes money sufficient
to pay Notes payable or to be redeemed or repurchased on that date, then on and after that date such Notes cease to be outstanding and
interest on them shall cease to accrue.

A Note does not cease to be outstanding because
the Company or one of its Affiliates holds such Note, provided, however, that, in determining whether the Holders of the requisite
principal amount of the outstanding Notes have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder,
Notes owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding, except that, in determining
whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver,
only Notes as to which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has received written notice to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Any Notes
so owned which are pledged by the Company, or by any Affiliate of the Company, as security for loans or other obligations, otherwise than
to another such Affiliate of the Company, shall be deemed to be outstanding, if the pledgee is entitled pursuant to the terms of its pledge
agreement and is free to exercise in its or his discretion the right to vote such securities, uncontrolled by the Company or by any such
Affiliate.

Section 2.10Temporary Notes

Until certificates representing Notes are ready
for delivery, the Company may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, will authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary
Notes will be substantially in the form of certificated Notes but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary
Notes and as may be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Without unreasonable delay, the Company will prepare and the Trustee will authenticate
definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes.

Holders of temporary Notes will be entitled
to all of the benefits of this Indenture as the definitive Notes.

Section 2.11Cancellation.

The Company at any time may deliver to the Trustee
for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Company may have acquired in any manner whatsoever,
and may deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated hereunder which the Company has not issued and sold.
The Registrar, any transfer agent and the Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Notes surrendered to them for

28 

transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee shall cancel and dispose
of all Notes surrendered for transfer, exchange, payment or cancellation in accordance with its then customary practices and upon written
request of the Company, shall deliver a certificate of disposal to the Company. The Company may not issue new Notes to replace Notes it
has paid in full or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation.

Section 2.12Defaulted Interest.

If the Company defaults in a payment of interest
on the Notes, it shall pay, or shall deposit with the Paying Agent money in immediately available funds sufficient to pay, the defaulted
interest plus (to the extent lawful) any interest payable on the defaulted interest to the Persons who are Holders on a subsequent special
record date, which shall mean the 15th day next preceding the date fixed by the Company for the payment of defaulted interest, whether
or not such day is a Business Day. At least 15 days before such special record date, the Company shall mail or deliver electronically
in accordance with the Applicable Procedures to each Holder and to the Trustee a notice that states the special record date, the payment
date and the amount of defaulted interest to be paid.

Section 2.13CUSIP Numbers; ISINs

The Company in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP
numbers and ISINs (if then generally in use), and the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers or ISINs, as the case may be, in notices
of redemption or exchange as a convenience to Holders and no representation shall be made as to the correctness of such numbers either
as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption or exchange.

Section 2.14Certain Transfers in Connection with and After the Exchange Offer under the Registration Rights Agreement

Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Indenture:

(a)no Exchange Notes issued may be exchanged by the Holder thereof for an Initial Note;

(b)accrued and unpaid interest on the Initial Notes being exchanged in the Exchange Offer shall be due and payable on the next interest
payment date for the Exchange Notes following the Exchange Offer and shall be paid to the Holder of the Exchange Notes issued in respect
of the Initial Notes being exchanged; and

(c)interest on the Initial Notes being exchanged in the Exchange Offer shall cease to accrue on (and including) the date of completion
of the Exchange Offer and interest on the Exchange Notes to be issued in the Exchange Offer shall accrue from (but excluding) the date
of the completion of the Exchange Offer.

Section 2.15Exchange Offer Upon the occurrence of the Exchange Offer with respect to the Notes, the Company will issue and, upon receipt
of a written order of the Company, the Trustee will authenticate:

29 

(a) one or more Global Notes not bearing the
Private Placement Legend in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interests in the Global
Notes bearing the Private Placement Legend that are accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer; or

(b) one or more definitive Notes of such series
not bearing the Private Placement Legend in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the definitive Notes
bearing the Private Placement Legend that are accepted for exchange in the Exchange Offer.

Concurrently with the issuance of such Notes,
the Trustee will cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Notes bearing the Private Placement Legend to be
reduced accordingly, and the Company will execute and the Trustee will authenticate and deliver to the Persons designated by the Holders
of definitive Notes so accepted definitive Notes not bearing the Private Placement Legend in the appropriate principal amount.

Section 2.16Securityholder Lists The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available
to it of the names and addresses of Holders of the Notes and shall otherwise comply with TIA 312(a). If the Trustee is not the
Registrar, the Company shall furnish, or cause the Registrar to furnish, to the Trustee at least five Business Days before each interest
payment date, but in any event not less frequently than semi-annually, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing a
list, in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of Holders of the Notes.

Article 3

Redemption and Prepayment

Section 3.01Notices to Trustee.

If the Company elects to redeem the Notes pursuant
to the optional redemption provisions of Section 3.07 [Optional Redemption] hereof, it must furnish to the Trustee, at least
two Business Days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, an Officers Certificate setting forth:

(i)the clause of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur;

(ii)the redemption date;

(iii)the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed; and

(iv)the redemption price or, where the redemption price cannot be calculated at the time of such notice, the method of calculation
thereof.

Section 3.02Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed or Purchased.

If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed
at any time, the Trustee shall select Notes for redemption on a pro rata basis among all outstanding Notes or, if the Notes are
listed on any national securities exchange, in compliance with the requirements of the principal national

30 

securities exchange on which the Notes are listed, in either case,
unless otherwise required by law, applicable stock exchange requirements or depositary requirements.

In the event of partial redemption by lot, the
particular Notes to be redeemed or purchased shall be selected, unless otherwise provided herein, not less than 15 nor more than 60 days
prior to the redemption by the Trustee from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption.

The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company
in writing of the Notes selected for redemption and, in the case of any Note selected for partial redemption, the principal amount thereof
to be redeemed. Notes and portions of Notes selected shall be in amounts of $2,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000; except
that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed or purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder, even
if not a multiple of $1,000 shall be redeemed or purchased. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, provisions of this Indenture
that apply to Notes called for redemption also apply to portions of Notes called for redemption.

No Notes of $2,000 or less shall be redeemed
in part. Notices of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail or delivered electronically in accordance with the Applicable Procedures
at least 10 but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed at its registered address, except
that redemption notices may be mailed or delivered electronically more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued
in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.

If any Note is to be redeemed in part only,
the notice of redemption that relates to that Note shall state the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed.
A new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note shall be issued in the name of the Holder of Notes
upon cancellation of the original Note. Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption
date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of them called for redemption.

Section 3.03Notice of Redemption.

At least 10 days but not more than 60 days before
a redemption date, the Company shall mail or cause to be mailed, by first class mail, or delivered electronically in accordance with the
Applicable Procedures, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption
notices may be mailed or delivered more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance
of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Articles 8 [LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE]
or 11 [SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE] hereof.

The notice will identify the Notes to be redeemed
and will state:

(i)the principal amount of each Note held by such Holder to be redeemed;

(ii)the CUSIP numbers of the Notes to be redeemed;

31 

(iii) the date fixed for redemption;

(iv)the redemption price or, where the redemption price cannot be calculated at the time of such notice, the method of calculation
thereof;

(v)that interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption will be paid as specified in such notice and that on and after said date
interest thereon or on the portions thereof to be redeemed will cease to accrue; and

(vi)if any Note is being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and that, after the redemption
date upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion will be issued upon cancellation
of the original Note.

The notice of redemption of Notes of to be redeemed
at the option of the Company shall be given by the Company or, at the Companys request, by the Trustee in the name and at the expense
of the Company, upon receipt of written request, at least three days before such notice of redemption is to be sent.

Any redemption and notice thereof may, in the
Companys discretion, be subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent. In the event of the failure of any such
condition precedent, the Company shall provide prompt written notice to the Trustee of such failure, and at the Companys request,
the Trustee shall inform the Holders of such failure. In the Companys discretion, the date of redemption may be delayed until such
time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived (provided that in no event shall such date of redemption be delayed
to a date later than 60 days after the date on which such notice was sent), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Company by the date of redemption, or by the
date of redemption as so delayed.

Section 3.04Effect of Notice of Redemption.

Once notice of redemption is mailed or delivered
in accordance with Section 3.03 [Notice of Redemption] hereof, Notes called for redemption become, subject to any conditions
precedent set forth in the notice of redemption, irrevocably due and payable on the redemption date at the redemption price.

Section 3.05Deposit of Redemption or Purchase Price.

No later than 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the
redemption or purchase date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the redemption
or purchase price of, accrued interest and premium, if any, on all Notes o be redeemed or purchased on that date. Promptly after the Companys
written request, the Trustee or the Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Company any money deposited with the Trustee or the Paying
Agent by the Company in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the redemption or purchase price of, accrued interest and premium, if any,
on, all Notes to be redeemed or purchased.

32 

If the Company complies with the provisions
of the preceding paragraph, on and after the redemption or purchase date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or the portions of
Notes called for redemption or purchase. If a Note is redeemed or purchased on or after an interest record date but on or prior to the
related interest payment date, then any accrued and unpaid interest shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note was registered
at the close of business on such record date. If any Note called for redemption or purchase is not so paid upon surrender for redemption
or purchase because of the failure of the Company to comply with the preceding paragraph, interest shall be paid on the unpaid principal,
from the redemption or purchase date until such principal is paid, and to the extent lawful on any interest not paid on such unpaid principal,
in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01 [Payment of Notes] hereof.

Section 3.06Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part.

Upon surrender of a Note that is redeemed or
purchased in part, the Company shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order and Officers Certificate, the Trustee shall
authenticate for the Holder at the expense of the Company a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed or unpurchased portion
of the Note surrendered.

Section 3.07Optional Redemption.

(a)The Company may redeem the Notes at any time prior to November 24, 2035 (three months prior to their maturity) (such date, the
Par Call Date), at any time in whole or from time to time in part, in each case at the Companys option, at
a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(i)100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and

(ii)the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption
date (assuming the Notes to be redeemed matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate, plus 15 basis points, less interest accrued to the redemption date,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date.

In addition, at any time and from time to time,
on or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes at their option at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments
of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the
interest payment date to the registered holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and this
Indenture.

33 

(b) Except pursuant to the preceding paragraphs, the Notes will not be redeemable at the Companys option prior to the applicable
Par Call Date.

(c)Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 [Optional Redemption] shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections
3.01 [Notices to Trustee] through 3.06 [Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part] hereof.

Section 3.08Mandatory Redemption.

The Company is not required to make mandatory
redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

Article 4

Covenants

Section 4.01Payment of Notes.

The Company shall pay or cause to be paid the
principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes on the dates and in the manner provided in the Notes. Principal, premium, if
any, and interest will be considered paid on the date due if the Paying Agent, if other than the Company or a Subsidiary thereof, holds
as of 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the due date money deposited by the Company in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient
to pay all principal, premium, if any, and interest then due.

Section 4.02Maintenance of Office or Agency.

The Company shall maintain an office or agency
where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment and where notices and demands
to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company hereby initially designates the Corporate
Trust Office of the Trustee, as provided in Section 13.01 hereof, as such office or agency of the Company. The Company shall give
prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company
shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with written notice of the address thereof,
such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the address of the Trustee set forth in Section 13.01
[Notices].

The Company may also from time to time designate
one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to
time rescind such designations provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of
its obligation to maintain an office or agency for such purposes. The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such
designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency.

Section 4.03Reports.

34 

The Company covenants to file with the Trustee,
and transmit to the Holders, upon request, such information, documents and other reports, and such summaries thereof, as may be required
pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act. Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes
only and shall not constitute a representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the reports, information and documents.

In addition, the Company agrees that, for so
long as any Notes remain outstanding, at any time it is not required to file the reports required by the preceding paragraphs, it shall
furnish to the holders of the Notes and to securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the information required
to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.

The Company shall be deemed to have furnished
such information, documents or reports to the Trustee, the Holders and/or prospective purchasers of the Notes, if the Company has filed
such information, documents or reports with the SEC via the EDGAR filing system (or any successor system) and/or posted such information,
documents or reports on the Companys website and such information, documents or reports are publicly available; provided,
however, that the Trustee shall have no obligation whatsoever to determine whether or not such materials have been filed pursuant to the
EDGAR system (or its successor) or posted on any website. Delivery of such information to the Trustee is for informational purposes only
and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive knowledge or notice of any information contained therein or
determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of their covenants under this Indenture
(as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on an Officers Certificate).

Section 4.04Compliance Certificate.

The Company shall furnish to the Trustee annually,
on or before a date not more than four months after the end of its fiscal year (which, on the date hereof, is a calendar year), a brief
certificate (which need not contain the statements required by Section 13.03 [Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion])
from its principal executive, financial or accounting officer as to his or her knowledge of the compliance of the Company with all conditions
and covenants under this Indenture (such compliance to be determined without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice provided
under this Indenture).

Section 4.05Restrictions on Liens.

The Company shall not, and shall not permit
any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or Guarantee any indebtedness for money borrowed (herein referred to as Debt)
if such Debt is secured by any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (herein referred to as a mortgage)
upon any Operating Property of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any shares of stock or Debt of any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
owned at the date of the issuance of the Notes or thereafter acquired, without effectively securing the Notes equally and ratably with
such Debt for at least the period such other Debt is so secured unless, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of all Debt
so secured (not including Debt permitted in clauses (i) through (vii) in the following sentence), together with all Attributable Debt
in respect of sale and leaseback transactions involving Operating Properties pursuant to Section 4.06

35 

[Restrictions on Sales and Leasebacks] in existence at such
time would not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets.

The foregoing restriction does not apply to,
and therefore shall be excluded in computing secured Debt for the purpose of such restriction, Debt secured by:

(i)mortgages on Operating Property, shares of stock or Debt of any entity existing at the time such entity becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;
provided that such mortgages are not incurred in anticipation of such entitys becoming a Restricted Subsidiary;

(ii)mortgages on Operating Property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Restricted
Subsidiary or mortgages thereon to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price thereof, or mortgages on Operating Property,
shares of stock or Debt to secure any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the latest of the acquisition
thereof or, in the case of Operating Property, the completion of construction, the completion of improvements or the commencement of substantial
commercial operation of such Operating Property for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof, such construction
or the making of such improvements;

(iii)mortgages to secure Debt owing to the Company or to a Restricted Subsidiary;

(iv)mortgages on Operating Property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the date of the initial issuance of the Notes;

(v)mortgages on Operating Property, shares of stock or Debt of a person existing at the time such person is merged into or consolidated
with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of the properties of a person as an entirety
or substantially as an entirety to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such mortgage was not incurred in anticipation
of such merger or consolidation or sale, lease or other disposition;

(vi)mortgages on Operating Property, shares of stock or Debt in favor of the United States or any state, territory or possession thereof
(or the District of Columbia), or any department, agency, instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state,
territory or possession thereof (or the District of Columbia), to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any
contract or statute or to secure any Debt incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of constructing
or improving the Operating Property subject to such mortgages; or

(vii)extensions, renewals or replacements, in whole or in part, of any mortgage referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) through (vi);
provided, however, that the principal amount of Debt secured thereby will not exceed the principal amount of Debt so secured at
the time of such extension, renewal or replacement, plus accrued interest and

36 

any fees and expenses, including, without limitation, premium
or defeasance costs, payable in connection with any such extension, renewal or replacement.

Section 4.06Restrictions on Sales and Leasebacks. Sale and leaseback transactions by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary with a
third party of any Operating Property are prohibited (except for temporary leases for a term, including renewals, of not more than 60
months and except for leases between the Company and a Restricted Subsidiary or between Restricted Subsidiaries) unless the net proceeds
of such sale and leaseback transaction are at least equal to the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors)
of the Operating Property to be leased and:

(i)the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would (at the time of entering into such arrangement) be entitled, as described in clauses
(i) through (vii) of the Section 4.05 [Restrictions on Liens], without equally and ratably securing the Notes, to issue, assume
or Guarantee Debt secured by a mortgage on such Operating Property;

(ii)the Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such sale and leaseback transaction (other than
such sale and leaseback transaction as are referred to in clause (i) or (iii) of this Section 4.06), plus the aggregate principal
amount of Debt secured by mortgages on Operating Properties then outstanding (excluding any such Debt secured by mortgages described in
clauses (i) through (vii) of Section 4.05 [Restrictions on Liens]) which do not equally and ratably secure the Notes, would
not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; or

(iii)the Company, within 180 days after the sale or transfer, applies or causes a Restricted Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to
the greater of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or fair market value of the Operating Property (as determined in good faith by
the Board of Directors) so sold and leased back at the time of entering into such sale and leaseback transaction to:

(1)retire (other than any mandatory retirement, mandatory repayment or sinking fund payment or by payment at maturity) Notes or other
Debt of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt subordinated to the Notes) having a Stated Maturity more than 12 months
from the date of such application or which is extendible at the option of the obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date
of such application; or

(2)purchase, construct or develop one or more Operating Properties (other than that involved in such sale and leaseback transaction);

provided that the amount to be so applied pursuant to clause
(iii) will be reduced by the principal amount of Notes delivered within 180 days after such sale or transfer to the Trustee for retirement
and cancellation.

Section 4.07Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event

(a)Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event, unless all of the Notes have been called for redemption pursuant to
Article 3 hereof, each Holder of Notes

37 

shall have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or
any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of such Holders Notes at a repurchase price in cash
equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased
to, but excluding, the date of repurchase (the Change of Control Payment).

(b)Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at the Companys option, prior to any Change of Control,
but after the public announcement of the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control, the Company
shall mail, or cause to be mailed or electronically delivered in accordance with the Applicable Procedures, a notice (a Change
of Control Offer) to each Holder of Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute
or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and specifying:

(i)that the Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 4.07 and that all Notes tendered will be accepted
for payment;

(ii)the Change of Control Payment and the purchase date, which shall be a Business Day no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60
days from the date such notice is mailed or delivered electronically (the Change of Control Payment Date);

(iii)the CUSIP numbers for the Notes;

(iv)that any Note not tendered will continue to accrue interest;

(v)that, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Change of Control Payment, all Notes accepted for payment pursuant to the
Change of Control Offer will cease to accrue interest after the Change of Control Payment Date;

(vi)that Holders electing to have any Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender such Notes
to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice prior to the close of business on the third Business Day preceding the Change
of Control Payment Date;

(vii)that Holders will be entitled to withdraw their election referred to in clause (vi) if the Paying Agent receives, not later than
the close of business on the second Business Day preceding the Change of Control Payment Date, a facsimile transmission or letter setting
forth the name of the Holder, the principal amount of Notes delivered for purchase, and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing his
election to have such Notes purchased;

(viii)that Holders whose Notes are being purchased only in part will be issued new Notes equal in principal amount to the unpurchased
portion of the Notes surrendered, which unpurchased portion will be equal to $2,000 in principal amount or an integral multiple of $1,000
in excess thereof; and

(ix)if the notice is mailed or delivered electronically prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, that the Change
of Control Offer is

38 

conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event with
respect to the Notes occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice.

(c)The Company shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations
thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change
of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this
Section 4.07, the Company will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached
its obligations under this Section 4.07 by virtue of such conflict.

(d)On the Change of Control Payment Date with respect to the Notes, the Company will, to the extent lawful:

(i)accept for payment all Notes or portions thereof (in integral multiples of $1,000) properly tendered pursuant to the Change of
Control Offer;

(ii)deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of such Notes
properly tendered; and

(iii)deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officers Certificate stating
the aggregate principal amount of Notes being purchased by the Company.

The Paying Agent will deliver to each Holder
of Notes properly tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Notes, and the Trustee will authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred
by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered, if any; provided
that each new Note will be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.

(e)The Company shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase
Event if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements
set forth in this Section 4.07 applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Company and purchases all Notes properly tendered
and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer.

Section 4.08Additional Subsidiary Guarantees.

If,

(i)the Company or any of its Subsidiaries acquires or creates another Subsidiary after the date of this Indenture and such Subsidiary
Guarantees any obligations of the Company under the Credit Facility, or

(ii)any Subsidiary that does not Guarantee any obligations of the Company under the Credit Facility as of the date of this Indenture
subsequently Guarantees any obligations of the Company under the Credit Facility, or

39 

(iii)
then such newly acquired or created Subsidiary or Subsidiary that subsequently Guarantees obligations under the Credit Facility
shall become a Guarantor of the Notes and execute a supplemental indenture in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E and deliver an
Opinion of Counsel stating that such supplemental indenture complies with this provision and that all conditions precedent provided
for herein relating to such Guarantee have been complied with, reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee within 60 days of the date on
which it was acquired or created or Guaranteed other debt for borrowed money of the Company, as the case may be.

Section 4.09Other Limitations

(i)Neither the Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary may transfer an Operating Property or shares of stock or Debt of a Restricted
Subsidiary to an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

(ii)An Unrestricted Subsidiary may not be designated a Restricted Subsidiary unless, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount
of all Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by mortgages which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions of
Section 4.05 hereof and the Attributable Debt in respect of all sale and leaseback transactions pursuant to clause (ii) under Section 4.06
hereof in existence at such time does not at the time exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets.

Article 5

Successors

Section 5.01Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets.

The Company shall not consolidate with, merge
with or into, or sell, convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its property and assets (as an entirety
or substantially as an entirety in one transaction or a series of related transactions) to, any Person (other than a consolidation with
or merger with or into a Subsidiary or a sale, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition to a Subsidiary) or permit any Person
to merge with or into the Company unless either (x) the Company shall be the continuing Person or (y) the Person (if other than the Company)
formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or to which properties and assets of the Company shall be a solvent corporation
organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia and shall
expressly assume, by a supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee, all of the obligations of the Company on all of
the Notes and under this Indenture and the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee (A) an Opinion of Counsel stating that such consolidation,
merger or transfer and such supplemental indenture complies with this provision and that all conditions precedent provided for herein
relating to such transaction have been complied with and that such supplemental indenture constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
of the Company or such successor enforceable against such entity in accordance with its terms, subject to customary exceptions and (B)
an Officers Certificate to the effect that

40 

immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of
Default or default shall have occurred and be continuing.

Section 5.02Successor Corporation Substituted.

Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale,
conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company in accordance with
Section 5.01 [Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets] herein, the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into which
the Company is merged or to which such sale, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted
for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor Person had
been named as the Company herein, and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the Company will be relieved of and discharged from all
obligations and covenants under the Indenture and the Notes.

Article 6

Defaults and Remedies

Section 6.01Events of Default.

If any one or more of the following shall have
occurred and be continuing with respect to the Notes (each of the following, an Event of Default):

(i)default in the payment of any installment of interest on the Notes as and when the same shall become due and payable, and continuance
of such default for a period of 30 days;

(ii)default in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, on the Notes as and when the same shall become due and payable,
whether at maturity, upon redemption, by declaration, upon required purchase or otherwise;

(iii)failure on the part of the Company or any Guarantor to comply with any of the covenants or agreements on the part of the Company
or any Guarantor in this Indenture for the benefit of the Notes (other than a covenant a default in the performance of which is otherwise
specifically dealt with), and such failure continuing for a period of 90 days after the date on which written notice specifying such failure
and requiring the Company or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to remedy the same shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee
or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding;

(iv)indebtedness for money borrowed of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company is not paid within any applicable grace
period after final maturity or is accelerated prior to its stated final maturity by the holders thereof because of a default, the total
principal amount of such indebtedness unpaid or accelerated exceeds $50.0 million or the U.S. dollar equivalent thereof at the time and
such default remains uncured or such acceleration is not rescinded or annulled for 30

41 

days after the date on which written notice specifying such
failure and requiring the Company to remedy the same has been given to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by
the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding;

(v)the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or any Guarantor shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition
seeking relief under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, (ii) consent
to the institution of, or fail to controvert within the time and in the manner prescribed by law, any such proceeding or the filing of
any such petition, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or similar official for
the Company, any such Significant Subsidiary or any such Guarantor for a substantial part of its property, (iv) file an answer admitting
the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors,
(vi) admit in writing its inability to pay, or fail generally to pay, its debts as they become due or (vii) take any comparable action
under any foreign laws relating to insolvency;

(vi)the entry of an order or decree by a court having competent jurisdiction for (i) relief with respect to the Company or any of its
Significant Subsidiaries or any Guarantor or a substantial part of any of their property under Title 11 of the United States Code or any
other Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or
similar official for the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or any Guarantor or for a substantial part of its property or
any of their property (except any decree or order appointing such official of such Significant Subsidiaries or any Guarantor pursuant
to a plan under which the assets and operations of such Significant Subsidiaries or any Guarantor are transferred to or combined with
another one or more other Significant Subsidiaries or to or with the Company, or in the case of a Guarantor, to or with another Guarantor
or the Company) or (iii) the winding-up or liquidation of the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or Guarantor (except any decree
or order approving or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of the affairs of a Significant Subsidiary or a Guarantor pursuant to a plan
under which the assets and operations of such Significant Subsidiary or such Guarantor are transferred to or combined with one or more
other Significant Subsidiaries or to or with the Company, or, in the case of a Guarantor, to another Guarantor or to or with the Company),
and such order or decree continues unstayed and in effect for 90 consecutive days, or any similar relief is granted under any foreign
laws and the order or decree stays in effect for 90 consecutive days; and

(vii)any Guarantee of the Notes of a Guarantor shall for any reason cease to be, or be asserted in writing by the Company or any Guarantor
not to be, in full force and effect, and enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as provided in this Indenture.

Section 6.02Acceleration.

42 

(a) If an Event of Default (other than as described in clauses (v) or (vi) of Section 6.01 [Events of Default] with respect
to the Company) with respect to the Notes then outstanding occurs and is continuing, then, and in each and every such case, either the
Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes by notice in writing to the Company (and to the
Trustee if given by Holders of the Notes), may, and the Trustee at the request of such Holders shall, declare the entire Principal of
all Notes, and the interest accrued thereon, if any, to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become
immediately due and payable.

(b)If an Event of Default described in clauses (v) or (vi) of Section 6.01 [Events of Default] occurs and is continuing
with respect to the Company, then the Principal of all the Notes then outstanding and interest accrued thereon, if any, shall ipso facto
be and become immediately due and payable, without any declaration or other action by any Holder or the Trustee.

The foregoing provisions, however, are subject
to the condition that if, at any time after the Principal of the Notes shall have been so declared due and payable, and before any judgment
or decree for the payment of the moneys due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, the Company shall pay or shall
deposit with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay all matured installments of interest upon all the Notes and the Principal of any and
all Notes which shall have become due otherwise than by acceleration (with interest upon such Principal and, to the extent that payment
of such interest is enforceable under applicable law, on overdue installments of interest, at the same rate as the rate of interest specified
in the Notes to the date of such payment or deposit) and such amount as shall be sufficient to cover all amounts owing the Trustee under
Section 7.01 [General], and if any and all Events of Default under this Indenture, other than the non-payment of the Principal
of Notes which shall have become due by acceleration, shall have been cured, waived or otherwise remedied as provided herein, then and
in every such case the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all the then outstanding Notes that have been accelerated,
by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all defaults with respect to all the Notes and rescind and annul such declaration
and its consequences, but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent default or shall impair
any right consequent thereon.

Section 6.03Other Remedies.

If a payment default or an Event of Default
with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue, in its own name or as trustee of an express trust, any available
remedy by proceeding at law or in equity to collect the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes or to enforce the performance
of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture.

The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if
it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding.

Section 6.04Waiver of Past Defaults.

43 

Subject to Sections 6.02 [Acceleration],
6.07 [Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment] and 9.02 [With Consent of Holders of Notes], the Holders of at least
a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, by written notice to the Trustee, may waive an existing default or Event of Default
with respect to the Notes and its consequences, except a default in the payment of Principal of or interest on any Note as specified in
clauses (i) or (ii) of Section 6.01 [Events of Default] or in respect of a covenant or provision of this Indenture which cannot
be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each outstanding Note affected. Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease
to exist, and any Event of Default with respect to the Notes arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of
this Indenture but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default Event of Default or impair any right consequent
thereto.

Section 6.05Control by Majority.

The Holders of at least a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available
to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to the Notes by this Indenture provided,
that the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture, that may involve the Trustee in personal
liability or that the Trustee determines in good faith may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of Holders not joining in the giving of
such direction and provided further, that the Trustee may take any other action it deems proper that is not inconsistent with any
directions received from Holders of Notes pursuant to this Section 6.05 [Control by Majority].

Section 6.06Limitation on Suits.

No Holder of any Note may institute any proceeding,
judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture or the Notes, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other
remedy hereunder, unless:

(i)such Holder has previously given to the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Notes 

(ii)the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes shall have made written request to the Trustee to
pursue the remedy

(iii)such Holder or Holders have offered and, if requested, provided to the Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee
against any costs, liabilities or expenses to be incurred in compliance with such request

(iv)the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding
and

(v)during such 60-day period, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes have not given the
Trustee a direction that is inconsistent with such written request.

44 

A Holder may not use this Indenture to prejudice
the rights of another Holder or to obtain a preference or priority over such other Holder, it being understood that the Trustee shall
not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether such action or inaction is prejudicial to Holders.

Section 6.07Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Indenture, the right of any Holder of a Note to receive payment of Principal of or interest, if any, on such Holders Note on or
after the respective due dates expressed on such Note, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective
dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

Section 6.08Collection Suit by Trustee.

If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes
in payment of Principal or interest specified in clause (i) or (ii) of Section 6.01 [Events of Default] occurs and is continuing,
the Trustee may recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the whole amount of Principal
of, and accrued interest remaining unpaid on, together with interest on overdue Principal of, and, to the extent that payment of such
interest is lawful, interest on overdue installments of interest on, the Notes, in each case at the rate specified in such Notes, and
such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover all amounts owing the Trustee under Section 7.06 [Compensation and Indemnity].

Section 6.09Trustee May File Proofs of Claims.

The Trustee may file such proofs of claim and
other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for amounts
due the Trustee under Section 7.06 [Compensation and Indemnity]) and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative
to the Company (or any other obligor on the Notes), its creditors or its property and shall be entitled and empowered to collect and receive
any moneys, securities or other property payable or deliverable upon conversion or exchange of the Notes or upon any such claims and to
distribute the same, and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial
proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to
the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it under Section 7.06 [Compensation
and Indemnity]. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to empower the Trustee to authorize or consent to, or accept or adopt on
behalf of any Holder, any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder
thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

Section 6.10Priorities.

Any moneys collected by the Trustee pursuant
to this Article in respect of the Notes shall be applied in the following order at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case
of the distribution of such moneys on account of Principal or interest, upon presentation of the several Notes and coupons appertaining
to such Notes in respect of which moneys have been collected and noting thereon the payment, or issuing Notes and tenor in reduced principal
amounts in

45 

exchange for the presented Notes and tenor if only partially paid,
or upon surrender thereof if fully paid:

FIRST: To the payment of all amounts due the
Trustee under Section 7.06 [Compensation and Indemnity] applicable to the Notes in respect of which moneys have been collected

SECOND: In case the principal of the Notes in
respect of which moneys have been collected shall not have become and be then due and payable, to the payment of interest on the Notes
in default in the order of the maturity of the installments of such interest, with interest (to the extent that such interest has been
collected by the Trustee) upon the overdue installments of interest at the same rate as the rate of interest specified in such Notes,
such payments to be made ratably to the persons entitled thereto, without discrimination or preference

THIRD: In case the principal of the Notes in
respect of which moneys have been collected shall have become and shall be then due and payable, to the payment of the whole amount then
owing and unpaid upon all the Notes for Principal and interest, with interest upon the overdue Principal, and (to the extent that such
interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon overdue installments of interest at the same rate as the rate of interest specified in
the Notes and in case such moneys shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amount so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then
to the payment of such Principal and interest, without preference or priority of Principal over interest, or of interest over Principal,
or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Note o over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate
of such Principal and accrued and unpaid interest and

FOURTH: To the payment of the remainder, if
any, to the Company or any other person lawfully entitled thereto determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable
judgment.

Section 6.11Restoration of Rights and Remedies.

If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted
any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason,
or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then, and in every such case, subject to any determination in such
proceeding, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and
remedies of the Company, Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 6.12Undertaking for Costs.

In any suit for the enforcement of any right
or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, in either case in
respect to the Notes, a court may require any party litigant in such suit (other than the Trustee) to file an undertaking to pay the costs
of the suit, and the court may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party litigant (other
than the Trustee) in the suit having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This
Section 6.12 [Undertaking for Costs] does not apply to a suit by a Holder pursuant to

46 

Section 6.07 [Rights of Holders to Receive Payment]
or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes.

Section 6.13Rights and Remedies Cumulative.

Except as otherwise provided with respect to
the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or wrongfully taken Notes in Section 2.08 [Replacement Notes], no
right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy,
and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder,
or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

Section 6.14Delay or Omission Not Waiver.

No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any
Holder to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver
of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article 6 [DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES]
or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee
or by the Holders, as the case may be.

Article 7

Trustee

Section 7.01General.

The duties and responsibilities of the Trustee
shall be as set forth herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk
its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any
of its rights or powers, unless it receives indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. Whether or not therein
expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection
to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Article 7.

(a)If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and is known by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee shall
exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a
prudent Person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such Persons own affairs.

(b)Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i)the duties of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need perform only
those duties that are

47 

specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and
no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(ii)in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness
of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture.
However, the Trustee shall examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this
Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).

(c)The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligence or its own willful misconduct, except that:

(i)this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section;

(ii)the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved that
the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

(iii)the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction
received by it pursuant to Section 6.05.

Section 7.02Certain Rights of Trustee.

(a)the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate,
Officers Certificate, Opinion of Counsel (or both), statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent,
order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been
signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document, but the
Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit

(b)before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate and/or an Opinion of Counsel, which
shall conform to Section 13.03 [Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion]. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action
it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such certificate or opinion. Subject to Sections 7.01 [General] and 7.02
[Certain Rights of Trustee], whenever in the administration of the trusts of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary
or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or suffering or omitting any action hereunder, such matter (unless
other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of negligence or bad faith on the part of the
Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such certificate,
in the absence of negligence or bad faith on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken, suffered
or omitted by it under the provisions of this Indenture upon the faith thereof

48 

(c) the Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents not regularly in its employ and shall not be responsible for the misconduct
or negligence of any agent or attorney appointed with due care

(d)any request, direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Officers Certificate
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) and any Board Resolution may be evidenced to the Trustee
by a copy thereof certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company

(e)the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request,
order or direction of any of the Holders, unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee reasonable security or indemnity against
the costs, expenses and liabilities that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction

(f)the Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within
its rights or powers or for any action it takes or omits to take in accordance with the direction of the Holders in accordance with Section 6.05
[Control by Majority] relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee,
or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture

(g)the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and the written advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be
full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in
reliance thereon

(h)prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder and after the curing or waiving of all Events of Default, the Trustee
shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, Officers Certificate,
Opinion of Counsel, Board Resolution, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, appraisal, bond,
debenture, note, coupon, security, or other paper or document unless requested in writing so to do by the Holders of not less than a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding provided that, the Trustee may require reasonable indemnity satisfactory
to it against such expenses or liabilities as a condition to proceeding; and

(i)the Trustee shall not incur any liability for not performing any act or fulfilling any duty, obligation or responsibility hereunder
by reason of any occurrence beyond the control of the Trustee (including but not limited to any act or provision of any present or future
law or regulation or governmental authority, any act of God or war, civil unrest, local or national disturbance or disaster, public health
emergency, any act of terrorism, or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or facsimile or other wire or communication facility).

Section 7.03Individual Rights of Trustee.

49 

The Trustee, in its individual or any other
capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates with the same rights it would
have if it were not the Trustee. Any Agent may do the same with like rights.

Section 7.04Trustees Disclaimer.

The recitals contained herein and in the Notes
(except the Trustees certificate of authentication) shall be taken as statements of the Company and not of the Trustee and the
Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. Neither the Trustee nor any of its agents (i) makes any representation
as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes and (ii) shall be accountable for the Companys use or application
of the proceeds from the Notes.

Section 7.05Notice of Default.

If any default with respect to the Notes occurs
and is continuing and if such default is known to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee shall give
to each Holder of Notes notice of such default within 90 days after it occurs, unless such default shall have been cured or waived before
the mailing of such notice provided, however, that, except in the case of a default in the payment of the Principal of or
interest on any Note, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if the Trustee in good faith determines that the withholding
of such notice is in the interests of the Holders.

Section 7.06Compensation and Indemnity.

The Company shall pay to the Trustee such compensation
as shall be agreed upon in writing from time to time for its services. The compensation of the Trustee shall not be limited by any law
on compensation of a Trustee of an express trust. The Company shall reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustee. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and expenses
of the Trustees agents, counsel and other persons not regularly in its employ.

The Company shall indemnify the Trustee for,
and hold it harmless against, any loss or liability or expense incurred by it without negligence or bad faith on its part arising out
of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture and the Notes or the issuance of the Notes or the trusts hereunder
and the performance of duties under this Indenture and the Notes, including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Section 7.06
[Compensation and Indemnity], defending itself against or investigating any claim or liability and of complying with any process
served upon it or any of its officers in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties under this Indenture
and the Notes.

To secure the Companys payment obligations
in this Section 7.06 [Compensation and Indemnity], the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Notes on all money or property
held or collected by the Trustee, in its capacity as Trustee, except money or property held in trust to pay Principal of, and interest
on particular Notes.

The obligations of the Company under this Section
to compensate and indemnify the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee and each predecessor

50 

Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall constitute
additional indebtedness hereunder and shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or the rejection, termination of
this Indenture under bankruptcy law and the removal or resignation of the Trustee. Such additional indebtedness shall be a senior claim
to that of the Notes upon all property and funds held or collected by the Trustee as such, except funds held in trust for the benefit
of the Holders of particular Notes or coupons, and the Notes are hereby subordinated to such senior claim. If the Trustee renders services
and incurs expenses following an Event of Default under Section 6.01(iv) [Events of Default] or Section 6.01(v) [Events
of Default] hereof, the parties hereto and the holders by their acceptance of the Notes hereby agree that such expenses are intended
to constitute expenses of administration under any bankruptcy law.

Section 7.07Replacement of Trustee.

A resignation or removal of the Trustee as Trustee
with respect to the Notes and appointment of a successor Trustee as Trustee with respect to the Notes shall become effective only upon
the successor Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 7.07 [Replacement of Trustee].

The Trustee may resign as Trustee with respect
to the Notes at any time by so notifying the Company in writing. The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes
may remove the Trustee as Trustee with respect to the Notes by so notifying the Trustee in writing and may appoint a successor Trustee
with respect thereto with the consent of the Company. The Company may remove the Trustee as Trustee with respect to the Notes if: (i)
the Trustee is no longer eligible under Section 7.09 [Eligibility] herein (ii) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or
insolvent (iii) a receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property or (iv) the Trustee becomes
incapable of acting.

If the Trustee resigns or is removed as Trustee
with respect to the Notes, or if a vacancy exists in the Corporate Trust Office of Trustee with respect to the Notes for any reason, the
Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee with respect thereto. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may appoint a successor Trustee in respect of such Notes to replace
the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If the successor Trustee with respect to the Notes does not deliver its written acceptance
required by the next succeeding paragraph of this Section 7.07 [Replacement of Trustee] within 30 days after the retiring
Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Company or the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes
may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect thereto.

A successor Trustee with respect to the Notes
shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company. Immediately after the delivery of such
written acceptance, subject to the lien provided for in Section 7.06 [Compensation and Indemnity], (i) the retiring Trustee
shall transfer all property held by it as Trustee in respect of the Notes to the successor Trustee, (ii) the resignation or removal of
the retiring Trustee in respect of the Notes shall become effective and (iii) the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers
and duties of the Trustee in respect of the Notes under this Indenture. A successor

51 

Trustee shall mail or deliver electronically in accordance with
the Applicable Procedures notice of its succession to each Holder of Notes.

Upon request of any such successor Trustee,
the Company shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee all
such rights, powers and trusts referred to in the preceding paragraph.

The Company shall give notice of any resignation
and any removal of the Trustee with respect to the Notes and each appointment of a successor Trustee in respect of the Notes to all Holders
of Notes. Each notice shall include the name of the successor Trustee and the address of its Corporate Trust Office.

Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee with
respect to the Notes pursuant to this Section 7.07 [Replacement of Trustee], the Companys obligations under Section 7.06
[Compensation and Indemnity] shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee.

Section 7.08Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc.

If the Trustee consolidates with, merges or
converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation or national banking association,
the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation or national banking association without any further act shall be the successor Trustee
with the same effect as if the successor Trustee had been named as the Trustee herein.

Section 7.09Eligibility.

The Trustee shall at all times satisfy the requirements
of TIA 310(a). The Trustee shall have a combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published
annual report of condition. The Trustee shall comply with TIA 310(b); provided, however, that there shall be excluded
from the operation of TIA 310(b)(1) any indenture or indentures under which other securities or certificates of interest or participation
in other securities of the Company are outstanding if the requirements for such exclusion set forth in TIA

310(b)(1) are met.

Section 7.10Money Held in Trust.

The Trustee shall not be liable for interest
on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be
segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law and except for money held in trust under Article 8 [LEGAL DEFEASANCE
AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE] of this Indenture

Section 7.11Preferential Collection of Claims against Company.

The Trustee shall comply with TIA 311(a),
excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA 
311(a) to the extent indicated.

52 

Section 7.12Reports by Trustee to Holders. As promptly as practicable after each May 15 beginning with May 15, 2025, and in any event
prior to July 15 in each year, the Trustee shall transmit by mail or by electronic transmission to all Holders of the Notes, as their
names and addresses appear on the register kept by the Registrar, a brief report dated as of May 15, each year if and to the extent required
by TIA 313(a). The Trustee shall also comply with TIA 313(b) and TIA 313(c). A copy of each report at the time of
its sending to Holders of the Notes shall be filed with the SEC and each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are listed. The Company
shall promptly notify the Trustee when Notes of any series are listed on any stock exchange and of any delisting thereof.

Article 8

Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance

Section 8.01Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

The Company may at any time, at the option of
its Board of Directors evidenced by a resolution set forth in an Officers Certificate, elect to have either Section 8.02 [Legal
Defeasance and Discharge] or 8.03 [Covenant Defeasance] hereof be applied to all outstanding Notes upon compliance with the
conditions set forth below in this Article 8 [LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE].

Section 8.02Legal Defeasance and Discharge.

Upon the Companys exercise under Section 8.01
[Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance] hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.02 [Legal
Defeasance and Discharge], the Company and each of the Guarantors shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in
Section 8.04 [Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof, be deemed to have been discharged from their obligations
with respect to all outstanding Notes (including the Subsidiary Guarantees) on the date the conditions set forth in Section 8.04
[Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof are satisfied (hereinafter, Legal Defeasance). For this
purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Company and the Guarantors shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness
represented by the outstanding Notes (including the Subsidiary Guarantees), which will thereafter be deemed to be outstanding
only for the purposes of Section 8.05 [Deposited Money and Government Securities to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions]
hereof and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) below, and to have satisfied all their other obligations
under such Notes, the Subsidiary Guarantees and this Indenture (and the Trustee, on written demand of and at the expense of the Company,
shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following provisions which will survive until otherwise terminated
or discharged hereunder:

(i)the rights of Holders of outstanding Notes to receive payments in respect of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on
such Notes when such

53 

payments are due from the trust referred to in Section 8.04
[Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof;

(ii)the Companys obligations with respect to such Notes under Article 2 [THE NOTES] and Section 4.02 [Maintenance
of Office or Agency] hereof;

(iii)the rights, powers, trusts, duties, indemnities and immunities of the Trustee hereunder, and the Companys and the Guarantors
obligations in connection therewith; and

(iv)this Article 8 [LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE].

Subject to compliance with this Article 8
[LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE], the Company may exercise its option under this Section 8.02 [Legal Defeasance
and Discharge] notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 8.03 [Covenant Defeasance] hereof.

Section 8.03Covenant Defeasance.

Upon the Companys exercise under Section 8.01
[Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance] hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03 [Covenant
Defeasance], the Company and the Guarantors shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 [Conditions
to Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof, be released from each of their obligations under Sections 4.05 [Liens], 4.06 [Restrictions
on Sales and Leasebacks], 4.07 [Offer to Repurchase Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event] and 4.08 [Additional Subsidiary
Guarantees] hereof with respect to the outstanding Notes on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 [Conditions
to Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof are satisfied (hereinafter, Covenant Defeasance), and the Notes will
thereafter be deemed not outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or act of Holders
(and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but will continue to be deemed outstanding for
all other purposes hereunder (it being understood that such Notes will not be deemed outstanding for accounting purposes). For this purpose,
Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to the outstanding Notes and Subsidiary Guarantees, the Company and the Guarantors may omit
to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly
or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in any such covenant to
any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply will not constitute an Event of Default under Section 6.01
[Events of Default] hereof, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Notes and Subsidiary Guarantees
shall be unaffected thereby. In addition, upon the Companys exercise under Section 8.01 [Option to Effect Legal Defeasance
or Covenant Defeasance] hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03 [Covenant Defeasance], subject to the satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 [Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof, Sections 6.01(iii) [Events
of Default], (iv) and (vii) hereof shall not constitute Events of Default.

Section 8.04Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance.

54 

In order to exercise either Legal Defeasance
or Covenant Defeasance under either Section 8.02 [Legal Defeasance and Discharge] or 8.03 [Covenant Defeasance] hereof:

(i)the Company shall have deposited or caused to be deposited irrevocably with the Trustee as trust funds in trust, specifically pledged
as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders of the Notes (x) cash in U.S. dollars in an amount, or
(y) Government Securities that through the payment of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will
provide, not later than one day before the due date of any payment, money in an amount, or (z) a combination of (x) and (y),
sufficient to pay and discharge each installment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on, the outstanding Notes on the dates
such installments of interest or principal and premium are due, accompanied, except in the event of clause (x) of this Section 8.04(i),
by a report as to the sufficiency of the amount deposited from an independent certified accountant or other financial professional of
national standing;

(ii)no Default with respect to the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit (other than a Default resulting
from the borrowing of funds and the grant of any related liens to be applied to such deposit);

(iii)the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that Holders of the Notes will not recognize
income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the Companys exercise of its option under this
Section and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been
the case if such action had not been exercised and, in the case of the Notes being discharged accompanied by a ruling to that effect received
from or published by the United States Internal Revenue Service;

(iv)such Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any material
agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture and the agreements governing any other indebtedness being defeased, discharged or replaced)
to which the Company or any of the Guarantors is a party or by which the Company or any of the Guarantors is bound;

(v)the Company must deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Company with
the intent of preferring the Holders of Notes over the other creditors of the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying
or defrauding any creditors of the Company or others; and

(vi)the Company must deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions
precedent relating to the Legal Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance have been complied with.

Section 8.05Deposited Money and Government Securities to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions.

Subject to Section 8.06 [Repayment to
Company] hereof, all money and non-callable Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee (or
other

55 

qualifying trustee, collectively for purposes of this Section 8.05
[Deposited Money and Government Securities to be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions], the Trustee)
pursuant to Section 8.04 [Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof in respect of the outstanding Notes shall be
held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly
or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Notes
of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal, premium, if any, and interest, but such money need not be segregated
from other funds except to the extent required by law.

The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee
against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or non-callable Government Securities deposited pursuant
to Section 8.04 [Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof or the principal and interest received in respect thereof
other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes.

Notwithstanding anything in this Article 8
[LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE] to the contrary, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon
the request of the Company any money or non-callable Government Securities held by it as provided in Section 8.04 [Conditions
to Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed
in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee (which may be the opinion delivered under Section 8.04(1) [Conditions to
Legal or Covenant Defeasance] hereof), are in excess of the amount thereof that would then be required to be deposited to effect an
equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

Section 8.06Repayment to Company.

Any money deposited with the Trustee or any
Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Note and
remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company
on its written request or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter
be permitted to look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such
trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or
such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Company cause to be published once, in
the New York Times and The Wall Street Journal (national edition), notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified
therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such notification or publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then
remaining shall be repaid to the Company.

Section 8.07Reinstatement.

If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to
apply any U.S. dollars or non-callable Government Securities in accordance with Section 8.02 [Legal Defeasance and Discharge]
or 8.03 [Covenant Defeasance] hereof, as the case may be, by reason of any order or judgment of

56 

any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise
prohibiting such application, then the Companys and the Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Notes and the
Subsidiary Guarantees shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 8.02 [Legal Defeasance
and Discharge] or 8.03 [Covenant Defeasance] hereof until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all
such money in accordance with Section 8.02 [Legal Defeasance and Discharge] or 8.03 [Covenant Defeasance] hereof, as
the case may be; provided, however, that, if the Company makes any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any
Note following the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive
such payment from the money held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

Article 9

Amendment, Supplement and Waiver

Section 9.01Without Consent of Holders of Notes.

The Company, the Guarantors (as applicable)
and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture or the Notes without notice to or the consent of any Holder:

(i)to cure ambiguities, defects, or inconsistencies in this Indenture

(ii)to provide for uncertificated and to make all appropriate changes for such purpose

(iii)to comply with Article 5 [SUCCESSORS]

(iv)to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Notes or that does not materially
adversely affect the legal rights under this Indenture of any such Holder;

(v)to conform the text of this Indenture or the Notes to any provision of the Description of the Notes section of the
Offering Memorandum;

(vi)to evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under this Indenture of a successor Trustee pursuant to the requirements
hereof;

(vii)to provide for the issuance of Additional Notes and other Notes in accordance with the limitations set forth in this Indenture
as of the date hereof;

(viii)to allow any Guarantor to execute a supplemental indenture and/or a Subsidiary Guarantee with respect to the Notes;

(ix)to add collateral with respect to any or all of the Notes; or

(x)to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA.

57 

Section 9.02With Consent of Holders of Notes.

Subject to Sections 6.04 [Waiver of Past
Defaults] and 6.07 [Rights of Holders to Receive Payment], without prior notice to any Holders, the Company, the Guarantors
(as applicable) and the Trustee may amend this Indenture and the Notes with the written consent of the Holders of not less than a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, and the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes by
written notice to the Trustee may waive future compliance by the Company with any provision of this Indenture or the Notes.

Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9.02
[With Consent of Holders of Notes], without the consent of each Holder affected thereby, an amendment or waiver, including a waiver
pursuant to Section 6.04 [Waiver of Past Defaults], may not:

(i)change the Stated Maturity of the Principal of, or any sinking fund obligation or any installment of interest on, such Holders
Note

(ii)reduce the Principal amount thereof or the rate of interest thereon

(iii)reduce the above stated percentage of outstanding Notes the consent of whose holders is necessary to modify or amend this Indenture

(iv)reduce the percentage or aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes the consent of whose Holders is required for any supplemental
indenture, for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults and their consequences provided
for in this Indenture; and

(v)waive an Event of Default with respect to the payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes.

It shall not be necessary for the consent of
any Holder under this Section 9.02 [With Consent of Holders of Notes] to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment,
supplement or waiver, but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof.

After an amendment, supplement or waiver under
this Section 9.02 [With Consent of Holders of Notes] becomes effective, the Company shall give to the Holders affected thereby
a notice briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver.

Section 9.03Revocation and Effect of Consents.

Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes
effective, a consent to it by a Holder is a continuing consent by the Holder and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note
that evidences the same indebtedness as the Note of the consenting Holder, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Note. However,
any such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as to its Note or portion of its Note. Such revocation shall be effective
only if the Trustee receives the notice of revocation before the date the amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective. An amendment,
supplement or waiver shall become effective with

58 

respect to any Notes affected thereby on receipt by the Trustee
of written consents from the requisite Holders of outstanding Notes affected thereby.

The Company may, but shall not be obligated
to, fix a record date (which may be not less than five nor more than 60 days prior to the solicitation of consents) for the purpose of
determining the Holders of the Notes entitled to consent to any amendment, supplement or waiver. If a record date is fixed, then, notwithstanding
the immediately preceding paragraph, those Persons who were such Holders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies) and only
those Persons shall be entitled to consent to such amendment, supplement or waiver or to revoke any consent previously given, whether
or not such Persons continue to be such Holders after such record date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more than 90 days
after such record date.

After an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes
effective with respect to the Notes, it shall bind every Holder of such Notes unless it is of the type described in any of clauses (i)
through (iv) of Section 9.02 [With Consent of Holders of Notes]. In case of an amendment or waiver of the type described in
clauses (i) through (iv) of Section 9.02 [With Consent of Holders of Notes], the amendment or waiver shall bind each such
Holder who has consented to it and every subsequent Holder of a Note that evidences the same indebtedness as the Note of the consenting
Holder.

Section 9.04Notation on or Exchange of Notes.

If an amendment, supplement or waiver changes
the terms of any Note, the Trustee may require the Holder thereof to deliver it to the Trustee. The Trustee may place an appropriate notation
on the Note about the changed terms and return it to the Holder and the Trustee may place an appropriate notation on any Note thereafter
authenticated. Alternatively, if the Company or the Trustee so determines, the Company in exchange for the Note shall issue and the Trustee
shall authenticate a new Note and tenor that reflects the changed terms.

Section 9.05Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc.

The Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and
shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of any amendment, supplement or waiver authorized
pursuant to this Article 9 [AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER] is authorized or permitted by this Indenture, stating that all
requisite consents have been obtained or that no consents are required and stating that such supplemental indenture constitutes the legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to customary exceptions.
Subject to the preceding sentence, the Trustee shall sign such amendment, supplement or waiver if the same does not adversely affect the
rights of the Trustee. The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, execute any such amendment, supplement or waiver that affects the
Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

Section 9.06Compliance with Trust Indenture Act.

Every amendment to this Indenture or the Notes
shall be set forth in a supplemental indenture hereto that complies with the TIA as then in effect.

59 

Article 10

Subsidiary Guarantees

Section 10.01Guarantee.

(a)Subject to this Article 10 [SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES], the Subsidiaries of the Company listed on the signature pages hereto
as Guarantors, and if and to the extent any Subsidiary subsequently Guarantees obligations under the Credit Facility the Company will
cause such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor of the Notes and execute a supplemental indenture in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E.
Each of the Guarantors shall, jointly and severally, unconditionally Guarantee to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by
the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the
Notes or the obligations of the Company hereunder or thereunder, that:

(i)the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by
acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes, if lawful,
and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder shall be promptly paid in full or performed,
all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof and

(ii)in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same shall be promptly
paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at Stated Maturity, by acceleration
or otherwise.

Failing payment when due of any amount so Guaranteed
or any performance so Guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same immediately.
Each Guarantor shall agree that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection.

(b)The Guarantors shall agree that their obligations hereunder are unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability
of the Notes or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with respect
to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance
which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor. Each Guarantor shall waive diligence, presentment,
demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company, any right to require a proceeding
first against the Company, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenant that this Subsidiary Guarantee shall not be discharged
except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture.

(c)If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee,
liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Company or the Guarantors, any amount paid by either to the

60 

Trustee or such Holder, this Subsidiary Guarantee, to the extent
theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect.

(d)Each Guarantor shall agree that it will not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any
obligations Guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations Guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor shall further agree that, as
between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (1) the maturity of the obligations Guaranteed
hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 6 [DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES] hereof for the purposes of this Subsidiary Guarantee,
notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations Guaranteed hereby,
and (2) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 6 [DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES]
hereof, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of
this Subsidiary Guarantee. The Guarantors shall have the right to seek contribution from any non-paying Guarantor so long as the
exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Subsidiary Guarantee.

Section 10.02Limitation on Guarantor Liability.

Each Guarantor shall confirm, and by its acceptance
of Notes, each Holder hereby confirms, that it is the intention of all such parties that the Subsidiary Guarantee of such Guarantor not
constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of bankruptcy law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent
Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Subsidiary Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention,
the Trustee, the Holders and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum
amount that will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are
relevant under such laws, and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or
on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article 10 [SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES],
result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

Section 10.03Execution and Delivery of Subsidiary Guarantee.

Each Guarantor shall agree that its Subsidiary
Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 [Guarantee] hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure
to endorse on each Note a notation of such Subsidiary Guarantee.

If an Officer whose signature is on this Indenture
or on the Subsidiary Guarantee no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note on which a Subsidiary Guarantee
is endorsed, the Subsidiary Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless.

The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after
the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Subsidiary Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf
of the Guarantors.

Section 10.04Guarantors May Consolidate, etc., on Certain Terms.

61 

Except as otherwise provided in Section 10.05
[Releases] hereof, no Guarantor may sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, or consolidate with
or merge with or into (whether or not such Guarantor is the surviving Person) another Person, other than the Company or another Guarantor,
unless:

(i)immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default exists; and

(ii)subject to Section 10.05 [Releases] hereof, the Person acquiring the property in any such sale or disposition or the
Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger unconditionally assumes all the obligations of that Guarantor under its
Subsidiary Guarantee and this Indenture on the terms set forth herein pursuant to a supplemental indenture in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Trustee;

In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale
or conveyance and upon the assumption by the successor Person, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and reasonably
satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the Subsidiary Guarantee endorsed upon the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of
the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Guarantor, such successor Person shall succeed to and be substituted
for the Guarantor with the same effect as if it had been named herein as a Guarantor. Such successor Person thereupon may cause to be
signed any or all of the Subsidiary Guarantees to be endorsed upon all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have
been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee. All the Subsidiary Guarantees so issued shall in all respects have the same legal
rank and benefit under this Indenture as the Subsidiary Guarantees theretofore and thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this
Indenture as though all of such Subsidiary Guarantees had been issued at the date of the execution hereof.

Except as set forth in Articles 4 [COVENANTS]
and 5 [SUCCESSORS] hereof, and notwithstanding clause (ii) above, nothing contained in this Indenture or in any of the Notes shall
prevent any consolidation or merger of a Guarantor with or into the Company or another Guarantor, or shall prevent any sale or conveyance
of the property of a Guarantor as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to the Company or another Guarantor.

Section 10.05Releases.

(a)The Subsidiary Guarantee of a Guarantor shall be released automatically:

(i)in connection with any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of that Guarantor (including by way
of merger or consolidation) to a Person that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) the Company or a Subsidiary
of the Company;

(ii)in connection with any sale or other disposition of capital stock of that Guarantor to a Person that is not (either before or after
giving effect to such transaction) the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company, if following such sale or other disposition, that Guarantor
is not a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company;

62 

(iii) upon defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the Notes as provided in Sections 8.01 [Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or
Covenant Defeasance], 8.02 [Legal Defeasance and Discharge], 8.03 [Covenant Defeasance], 8.04 [Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance]
and 11.01 [Satisfaction and Discharge] hereof;

(iv)upon the dissolution of a Guarantor that is permitted under this Indenture; or

(v)otherwise with respect to the Subsidiary Guarantee of any Guarantor:

(1)upon the prior consent of Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; or

(2)if the Company has indebtedness outstanding under the Credit Facility, upon the release of such Subsidiary Guarantors Guarantee
of all obligations of the Company under the Credit Facility, or the Credit Facility (or a successor thereto) is amended, refinanced, extended,
substituted, replaced or renewed without such Guarantor being a guarantor of the indebtedness thereunder, or if the Credit Facility is
otherwise terminated.

(b)The Subsidiary Guarantee of a Guarantor shall be released with respect to the Notes automatically upon Legal Defeasance, Covenant
Defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture pursuant to Articles 8 [LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE] and
11 [SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE] hereof.

(c)Upon delivery by the Company to the Trustee of an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the
action or event giving rise to the applicable release has occurred or was made by the Company in accordance with the provisions of this
Indenture, the Trustee shall execute any documents reasonably required in order to evidence the release of any Guarantor from its obligations
under its Subsidiary Guarantee.

(d)Any Guarantor not released from its obligations under its Subsidiary Guarantee as provided in this Section 10.05 [Releases]
shall remain liable for the full amount of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes and for the other obligations of
any Guarantor under this Indenture as provided in this Article 10 [Subsidiary Guarantees].

Article 11

Satisfaction and Discharge

Section 11.01Satisfaction and Discharge.

This Indenture shall be discharged and will
cease to be of further effect as to all Notes issued hereunder, when:

(i)either:

63 

(1) all Notes that have been authenticated, except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes that have been replaced or paid and Notes for whose
payment money has been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged
from such trust, have been delivered to the Trustee for such Notes for cancellation; or

(2)all Notes that have not been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable by reason of the distribution
of a notice of redemption or otherwise or shall become due and payable within one year and the Company or any Guarantor has irrevocably
deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust solely for the benefit of the Holders, cash in U.S. dollars,
non-callable Government Securities, or a combination of cash in U.S. dollars and non-callable Government Securities, in such amounts as
will be sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment of interest, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the Notes not
delivered to the Trustee for cancellation for principal, premium, if any, and interest to the date of maturity or redemption;

(ii)in respect of subclause (2) of clause (i) of this Section 11.01 [Satisfaction and Discharge], no Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing on the date of the deposit (other than an Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied
to such deposit) and the deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any other instrument to which
the Company or any Guarantor is a party or by which the Company or any Guarantor is bound;

(iii)the Company or any Guarantor has paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by it under this Indenture; and

(iv)the Company has delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee under this Indenture to apply the deposited money toward the
payment of the Notes at maturity or on the redemption date, as the case may be.

In addition, the Company must deliver an Officers
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions precedent to satisfaction and discharge have been satisfied.

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture, if money has been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (2) of clause (i) of this Section 11.01 [Satisfaction
and Discharge], the provisions of Sections 11.02 [Application of Trust Money] and 8.06 [Repayment to Company] hereof
will survive. In addition, nothing in this Section 11.01 [Satisfaction and Discharge] will be deemed to discharge those provisions
of Section 7.06 [Compensation and Indemnity] herein, that, by their terms, survive the satisfaction and discharge of this
Indenture.

Section 11.02Application of Trust Money.

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.06
[Repayment to Company] hereof, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 11.01 [Satisfaction and Discharge]
hereof shall

64 

be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions
of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own
Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal, premium, if any, and interest for whose
payment such money has been deposited with the Trustee; but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required
by law.

If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to
apply any money or Government Securities in accordance with Section 11.01 [Satisfaction and Discharge] hereof by reason of
any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise
prohibiting such application, the Companys and any Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived
and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 11.01 [Satisfaction and Discharge] hereof; provided
that if the Company has made any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Notes because of the reinstatement
of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money
or Government Securities held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

Article 12

[Intentionally omitted]

Article 13

Miscellaneous

Section 13.01Notices.

Any notice or communication shall be sufficiently
given if written and (a) if delivered in person when received, or (b) if mailed by first class mail 5 days after mailing, or (c) as between
the Company and the Trustee if sent by facsimile transmission, when transmission is confirmed, or when sent by e-mail, in each case addressed
as follows:

if to the Company:

Rollins, Inc.

2170 Piedmont Road NE

Atlanta, Georgia 30324

Email: 

Attention: Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

if to the Trustee:

Regions Bank

1180 West Peachtree Street

Suite 1200

Atlanta, Georgia 30309

Attention: Corporate Trust Services

65 

Email: 

The Company or the Trustee by written notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

Where this Indenture provides for notice to
Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class
postage prepaid, to each Holder affected by such event, at such Holders address as it appears in the register kept by the Registrar,
or in the case of a Global Note, sent in accordance with the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary, not later than the latest date,
if any, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed for the giving of such notice.

Failure to mail a notice or communication to
a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture,
if a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided in this Section 13.01 [Notices], it is duly given, whether or
not the addressee receives it.

Where this Indenture provides for notice in
any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and
such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall
not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.

In case it shall be impracticable to give notice
as herein contemplated, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification
for every purpose hereunder.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption or repurchase)
to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to DTC (or its designee)
pursuant to the standing instructions from DTC or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with DTC operational arrangements
or other applicable DTC requirements.

Section 13.02Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent.

Upon any request or application by the Company
to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee:

(i)an Officers Certificate stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this
Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and

(ii)an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent have been complied with.

Section 13.03Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion.

66 

Each certificate or opinion with respect to
compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include:

(i)a statement that each person signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein
relating thereto

(ii)a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statement or opinion contained
in such certificate or opinion is based

(iii)a statement that, in the opinion of each such person, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him
to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with and

(iv)a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of each such person, such condition or covenant has been complied with provided,
however, that, with respect to matters of fact, an Opinion of Counsel may rely on an Officers Certificate or certificates of public
officials.

Section 13.04Evidence of Ownership.

The Company, the Trustee and any agent of the
Company or the Trustee may deem and treat the person in whose name any Note shall be registered upon the register as the absolute owner
of such Note (whether or not such Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon) for the
purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the Principal of and, subject to the provisions of this Indenture, interest on such Note
and for all other purposes and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall be affected
by any notice to the contrary.

Section 13.05Rules by Trustee, Paying Agent or Registrar.

The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action
by or at a meeting of Holders. The Paying Agent or Registrar may make reasonable rules for its functions.

Section 13.06Payment Date Other Than a Business Day.

If any date for payment of Principal or interest
on any Note shall not be a Business Day at any place of payment, then payment of Principal of or interest on such Note, as the case may
be, need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day at any place of payment with the same force and
effect as if made on such date and no interest shall accrue in respect of such payment for the period from and after such date.

Section 13.07No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders.

No director, officer, employee, incorporator
or stockholder of the Company or any Guarantor, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors
under the Notes, this Indenture, the Subsidiary Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations
or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note

67 

waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are
part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities
laws.

Section 13.08Governing Law.

THIS INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND
5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK).

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, the Company hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any Federal or State court located in the Borough of Manhattan in The
City of New York, New York in any suit, action or proceeding based on or arising out of or relating to this Indenture or any Notes and
irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such suit or proceeding may be determined in any such court. The Company irrevocably
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or
proceeding brought in an inconvenient forum. The Company agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in
such a court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company, and may be enforced in any courts to the jurisdiction of which the Company
is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided, that service of process is effected upon the Company in the manner specified
herein or as otherwise permitted by law.

EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE HOLDERS AND THE TRUSTEE
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 13.09No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements.

This Indenture may not be used to interpret
another indenture or loan or debt agreement of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company. Any such indenture or agreement may not be
used to interpret this Indenture.

Section 13.10Successors.

All agreements of the Company in this Indenture
and the Notes shall bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors.

Section 13.11Duplicate Originals and Electronic Signing.

The parties may sign any number of copies of
this Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.

Facsimile, documents executed, scanned and transmitted
electronically and electronic signatures, including those created or transmitted through a software platform or application, shall be
deemed original signatures for purposes of this Indenture and all other related documents

68 

and all matters and agreements related thereto, with such facsimile,
scanned and electronic signatures having the same legal effect as original signatures. The parties agree that this Indenture or any other
related document or any instrument, agreement or document necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Indenture
or the other related documents or related hereto or thereto (including, without limitation, addendums, amendments, notices, instructions,
communications with respect to the delivery of securities or the wire transfer of funds or other communications) (Executed Documentation)
may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use of an electronic signature in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations
in effect from time to time applicable to the effectiveness and enforceability of electronic signatures. Any Executed Documentation accepted,
executed or agreed to in conformity with such laws, rules and regulations will be binding on all parties hereto to the same extent as
if it were physically executed and each party hereby consents to the use of any third party electronic signature capture service providers
as may be reasonably chosen by a signatory hereto or thereto. When the Trustee acts on any Executed Documentation sent by electronic transmission,
the Trustee will not be responsible or liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from its reliance upon
and compliance with such Executed Documentation, notwithstanding that such Executed Documentation (a) may not be an authorized or authentic
communication of the party involved or in the form such party sent or intended to send (whether due to fraud, distortion or otherwise)
or (b) may conflict with, or be inconsistent with, a subsequent written instruction or communication; it being understood and agreed that
the Trustee shall conclusively presume that Executed Documentation that purports to have been sent by an authorized officer of a Person
has been sent by an authorized officer of such Person. The party providing Executed Documentation through electronic transmission or otherwise
with electronic signatures agrees to assume all risks arising out of such electronic methods, including, without limitation, the risk
of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

Section 13.12Separability.

In case any provision in this Indenture or in
the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 13.13Table of Contents, Headings, Etc.

The Table of Contents and headings of the Articles
and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof and shall
in no way modify or restrict any of the terms and provisions hereof.

Section 13.14Incorporators, Stockholders, Officers and Directors of Company Exempt from Individual Liability.

No recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant
or agreement contained in this Indenture or any indenture supplemental hereto, or in any Note or any coupons appertaining thereto, or
because of any indebtedness evidenced thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, as such or against any past, present or future stockholder,
officer, director or employee, as such, of the Company or of any successor, either directly or through the Company or any successor,

69 

under any rule of law, statute or constitutional provision or by
the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding or otherwise, all such liability being expressly waived and
released by the acceptance of the Notes and the coupons appertaining thereto by the holders thereof and as part of the consideration for
the issue of the Notes and the coupons appertaining thereto.

Section 13.15[Intentionally Omitted].

Section 13.16Trust Indenture Act. If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies, or conflicts with another provision which is required
or deemed to be included in this Indenture by the TIA, such required or deemed provision shall control.

Section 13.17Communication by Holders with Other Holders. Holders of the Notes may communicate pursuant to TIA 312(b) with other
Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or the Notes. The Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall
have the protection of TIA 312(c).

Section 13.18Patriot Act.

In order to comply with the laws, rules, regulations
and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including, without limitation, those relating to
the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, including Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act of the United States (Applicable
Law), the Trustee is required to obtain, verify, record and update certain information relating to individuals and entities which
maintain a business relationship with the Trustee. Accordingly, each of the parties agree to provide to the Trustee, upon its request
from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable the Trustee to
comply with Applicable Law.

[Signatures on following page]

70 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written.

ROLLINS, INC., as the Company 

By: /s/ Brady Knudsen 

Name: Brady Knudsen 

Title: Treasurer 

ORKIN, LLC 

NORTHWEST EXTERMINATING CO., LLC 

CLARK PEST CONTROL OF STOCKTON, INC.

HOMETEAM PEST DEFENSE, INC., 

as Subsidiary Guarantors 

By: /s/ Andrew Light 

Name: Andrew Light 

Title: Treasurer 

Signature Page to Indenture 

REGIONS BANK, as Trustee 

By: /s/ Craig Kaye 

Name: Craig Kaye 

Title: Vice President 

Signature Page to Indenture 

EXHIBIT A-1

[Face of Note]

CUSIP

5.250% Senior Notes due 2035

No. $

ROLLINS, INC.

promises to pay to or registered assigns, the principal sum of [DOLLARS]
on February 24, 2035, the maturity date.

Interest Payment Dates: February 24 and August 24

Record Dates: February 9 and August 9

Dated:

This Note is one of the Notes

referred to

in the within-mentioned Indenture.

A-1-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this
instrument to be duly executed.

ROLLINS, Inc., as Issuer 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: February , 2025

A-1-2 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF

AUTHENTICATION

REGIONS BANK 

as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes referred to in the Indenture. 

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

Dated: February , 2025

A-1-3 

[Back of Note]

5.250% Senior Notes due 2035

[Insert the Global Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions
of the Indenture]

[Insert the Private Placement Legend, if applicable pursuant to the
provisions of the Indenture]

[Insert the OID Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of
the Indenture]

Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings
assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.

(1)INTEREST. Rollins, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), promises to pay interest on the principal
amount of this Note at 5.250% per annum from February 24, 2025 until maturity. The Company shall pay interest semi-annually in arrears
on February 24 and August 24 of each year, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an Interest
Payment Date). Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest
has been paid, from the date of issuance; provided that if there is no existing default in the payment of interest, and if this
Note is authenticated between a record date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, interest shall
accrue from such next succeeding Interest Payment Date; provided, further, that the first Interest Payment Date shall be August
24, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

(2)METHOD OF PAYMENT. The Company shall pay interest on the Notes (except defaulted interest) to the Persons who are registered
Holders of Notes at the close of business on the February 9 and August 9 next preceding the Interest Payment Date (each, a Regular
Record Date), even if such Notes are canceled after such record date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as
provided in Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. The Notes will be payable as to principal, premium, if any,
and interest at the office or agency of the Paying Agent and Registrar, or, at the option of the Company, payment of interest may be made
by check mailed to the Holders at their addresses set forth in the register of Holders; provided that payment by wire transfer
of immediately available funds will be required with respect to principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, all Global Notes and all
other Notes the Holders of which will have provided wire transfer instructions to the Company or the Paying Agent. Such payment shall
be in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private
debts.

(3)PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR. Initially, Regions Bank, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying Agent and Registrar.
The Company may change the Paying Agent or Registrar without prior notice to the Holders of the Notes. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries
may act as Paying Agent or Registrar.

(4)INDENTURE. This is one of the Notes designated as 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 issued under an Indenture (the
Indenture), dated as of February 24, 2025, among the Company, each of the Guarantors that may become a party from
time to time and the Trustee. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and
Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express
provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of 

A-1-4 

this Note shall govern and be controlling. The Company shall be entitled to issue Additional
Notes pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Indenture. The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company.

(5)OPTIONAL REDEMPTION.

(a)The Company may redeem the Notes at any time prior to November 24, 2035 (three months prior to their maturity) (such date, the
Par Call Date), at any time in whole or from time to time in part, in each case at the Companys option, at
a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(i)100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and

(ii)the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption
date (assuming the Notes to be redeemed matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate, plus 15 basis points, less interest accrued to the redemption
date,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date.

In addition, at any time and from time to time,
on or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes at their option at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments
of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the
Interest Payment Date to the registered holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the
Indenture.

(b)Except pursuant to the preceding paragraphs, the Notes will not be redeemable at the Companys option prior to the applicable
Par Call Date.

Any redemption pursuant to this Section 5 shall
be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.07 of the Indenture.

(6)MANDATORY REDEMPTION. The Company is not required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to
the Notes.

(7)REPURCHASE AT THE OPTION OF HOLDER. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event, the Company shall be required,
as and to the extent set forth in the Indenture, to offer to purchase all of the outstanding Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of
the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but not including, the date of repurchase (subject
to the right of the Holders of record on the relevant 

A-1-5 

Regular Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date
falling prior to or on the repurchase date).

(8)NOTICE OF REDEMPTION. At least 10 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption date, the Company shall mail or cause
to be mailed, by first class mail, or deliver electronically, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at
its registered address, except that redemption notices may be mailed or delivered more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the
notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture pursuant to Articles 8
or 11 thereof. Notes and portions of Notes selected will be in amounts of $2,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof
except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed or purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder
shall be redeemed or purchased.

(9)DENOMINATIONS, TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture.
The Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and
the Company may require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Company need not exchange
or register the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Note being
redeemed in part. Also, the Company need not exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days before a selection
of Notes to be redeemed or during the period between a record date and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.

(10)PERSONS DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note, initially held in book-entry system will be The Depository Trust
Company, or its nominee, shall be treated as the owner for all purposes. Only registered Holders have rights under the Indenture.

(11)AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER. The Indenture may be amended as provided therein.

(12)DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. Events of Default are set forth in the Indenture.

(13)TRUSTEE DEALINGS WITH COMPANY. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to, accept deposits
from, and perform services for the Company or its Affiliates in the ordinary course, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its Affiliates,
as if it were not the Trustee. However, in the event that the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict
within 90 days, apply to the SEC for permission to continue as trustee or resign. Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties.
The Trustee is also subject to and entitled to the benefits of Article 7 of the Indenture.

(14)NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company or any Guarantor,
as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Indenture, the Subsidiary
Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting
a Note waives and releases all such liability. The 

A-1-6 

waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver
may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws.

(15)AUTHENTICATION. This Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an authenticating
agent.

(16)ABBREVIATIONS. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in
common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST
(= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

(17)CUSIP NUMBERS. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures,
the Company has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes, and the Trustee may use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience
to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy, and the Trustee shall incur no liability for inaccuracies of such numbers either
as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption, and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers
placed thereon.

(18)GOVERNING LAW. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THE INDENTURE, THIS NOTE AND
THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE
LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.

The Company shall furnish to any Holder upon
written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to:

Rollins, Inc.

2170 Piedmont Road NE

Atlanta, Georgia 30324

Attention: Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

A-1-7 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

and irrevocably appoint to transfer this Note on the books of the
Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note) 

Signature Guarantee*: 

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or
other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

A-1-8 

Option of Holder to Elect Purchase

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant
to Section 4.07 of the Indenture, check here: 

If you want to elect to have only part of the Note purchased by the Company
pursuant to Section 4.07 of the Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased:

$

Date: Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note) 

Tax Identification No.: 

Signature Guarantee*: 

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program
(or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

A-1-9 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS
IN THE GLOBAL NOTE *

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in
another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global Note or Definitive Note for an interest in this
Global Note, have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease
in Principal Amount of this Global Note 

Amount of increase
in Principal Amount of this Global Note 

Principal Amount
of this Global Note following such decrease (or increase) 

Signature of authorized
officer of Trustee or Custodian

* This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global
form.

A-1-10 

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

Rollins, Inc.

2170 Piedmont Road NE

Atlanta, Georgia 30324

Regions Bank

1180 West Peachtree Street

Suite 1200

Atlanta, Georgia 30309

Attention: Corporate Trust Services

Email: 

Re: 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated
as of February 24, 2025 (the Indenture), among Rollins, Inc., as issuer (the Company), each
of the Guarantors party from time to time and Regions Bank, as Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Indenture.

[ ], (the Transferor)
owns and proposes to transfer the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified in Annex A hereto, in the principal amount of $ in such
Note[s] or interests (the Transfer), to (the Transferee), as further specified in Annex A hereto.
In connection with the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that:

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY]

1. Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Note pursuant to
Rule 144A. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that the beneficial interest or Definitive
Note is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the beneficial interest or Definitive Note
for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person
and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements
of Rule 144A, and such Transfer is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon
consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive
Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the 144A Global Note and/or
the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

2. Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Note pursuant
to Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and,

B-1 

accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the
Transfer is not being made to a Person in the United States and (x) at the time the buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside
the United States or such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed and believes that the Transferee was outside
the United States or (y) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and
neither such Transferor nor any Person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was prearranged with a buyer in the United States,
(ii) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S under
the Securities Act, (iii) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act
and (iv) if the proposed transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, the transfer is not being made to a
U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than an Initial Purchaser). Upon consummation of the proposed transfer
in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions
on Transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Regulation S Global Note and/or the Restricted Definitive Note and
in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

3. Check and complete if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Definitive Note pursuant to any provision
of the Securities Act other than Rule 144A or Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions
applicable to beneficial interests in Restricted Global Notes and Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the
Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States, and accordingly the Transferor hereby further
certifies that (check one):

(a) such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under
the Securities Act; or

(b) such Transfer is being effected to the Company or a subsidiary thereof;

or

(c) such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act and in compliance with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act;

or

(d) such Transfer is being effected to an Institutional Accredited Investor and pursuant
to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144A, Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904, and the
Transferor hereby further certifies that it has not engaged in any general solicitation within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities
Act and the Transfer complies with the transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Note or Restricted
Definitive Notes and the requirements of the exemption claimed, which certification is supported by (1) a certificate executed by the
Transferee in the form of Exhibit D to the Indenture and (2) if such Transfer is in respect of a principal amount of Notes at the time
of transfer of less than $250,000, an Opinion of Counsel

B-2 

provided by the Transferor or the Transferee (a copy of which the
Transferor has attached to this certification), to the effect that such Transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation
of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will be
subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the or the Restricted Definitive Notes and
in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

4. Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or of an Unrestricted Definitive Note.

(a) Check if Transfer is pursuant to Rule 144. (i) The Transfer is being effected
pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the
Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained
in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation
of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no
longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on
Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

(b) Check if Transfer is Pursuant to Regulation S. (i) The Transfer is being effected
pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained
in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained
in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation
of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no
longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on
Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

(c) Check if Transfer is Pursuant to Other Exemption. (i) The Transfer is being effected
pursuant to and in compliance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144, Rule 903
or Rule 904 and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of
any State of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not
required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms
of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated
in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes or Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

B-3 

This certificate and the statements contained
herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Company.

[Insert Name of Transferor] 

By: 

Dated: 

Name: 

Title: 

B-4 

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

1. The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following:

[CHECK ONE OF (a) OR (b)]

(a) a beneficial
interest in the:

(i) 144A Global Note
(CUSIP ), or

(ii) Regulation S
Global Note (CUSIP ), or

(b) a Restricted
Definitive Note.

2. After the Transfer the Transferee will hold:

[CHECK ONE]

(a) a beneficial
interest in the:

(i) 144A Global Note
(CUSIP ), or

(ii) Regulation S
Global Note (CUSIP ), or

(iv) Unrestricted
Global Note (CUSIP ); or

(b) a Restricted
Definitive Note; or

(c) an Unrestricted
Definitive Note,

in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

B-5 

EXHIBIT C-1

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE

Rollins, Inc.

2170 Piedmont Road NE

Atlanta, Georgia 30324

Regions Bank

1180 West Peachtree Street

Suite 1200

Atlanta, Georgia 30309

Attention: Corporate Trust Services

Email: 

Re: 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated
as of February 24, 2025 (the Indenture), among Rollins, Inc., as issuer (the Company), each
of the Guarantors party from time to time and Regions Bank, as Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Indenture.

[ ], (the Owner) owns
and proposes to exchange the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified herein, in the principal amount of $ in such Note[s] or interests
(the Exchange). In connection with the Exchange, the Owner hereby certifies that:

1. Exchange
of Restricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Unrestricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests
in an Unrestricted Global Note.

(a)&square; Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to
beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted
Global Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the
beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance
with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend
are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note
is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

(b)&square; Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to
Unrestricted Definitive Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for
an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account
without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the 

C-6 

Restricted Global
Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the
Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Definitive Note is being
acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

(c)&square; Check if Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to beneficial interest in
an Unrestricted Global Note. In connection with the Owners Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in
an Unrestricted Global Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account
without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive
Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the
Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest is
being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

(d)&square; Check if Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to Unrestricted Definitive
Note. In connection with the Owners Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby
certifies (i) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange
has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance
with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required
in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with
any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

2. Exchange
of Restricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes for Restricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests
in Restricted Global Notes.

(a)&square; Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to
Restricted Definitive Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a
Restricted Definitive Note with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies that the Restricted Definitive Note is being acquired
for the Owners own account without transfer. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture,
the Restricted Definitive Note issued will continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement
Legend printed on the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

(b)&square; Check if Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to beneficial interest in
a Restricted Global Note. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in
the [CHECK ONE] &square; 144A Global Note or Regulation S Global Note with an equal principal
amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer and
(ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant
to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in 

C-7 

compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United
States. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the beneficial interest issued will
be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the relevant Restricted Global Note and
in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

This certificate and the statements contained
herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Company.

[Insert Name of Transferor] 

By: 

Dated: 

Name: 

Title: 

C-8 

EXHIBIT D-1

FORM OF CERTIFICATE FROM

ACQUIRING INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR

Rollins, Inc.

2170 Piedmont Road NE

Atlanta, Georgia 30324

Regions Bank

1180 West Peachtree Street

Suite 1200

Atlanta, Georgia 30309

Attention: Corporate Trust Services

Email: 

Re: 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated
as of February 24, 2025 (the Indenture), among Rollins, Inc., as issuer (the Company), each
of the Guarantors party from time to time and Regions Bank, as Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Indenture.

In connection with our proposed purchase of $
aggregate principal amount of:

a beneficial
interest in a Global Note, or

a Definitive
Note,

we confirm that:

1. We
understand that any subsequent transfer of the Notes or any interest therein is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth
in the Indenture and the undersigned agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any interest
therein except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act).

2. We
understand that the offer and sale of the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act, and that the Notes and any interest
therein may not be offered or sold except as permitted in the following sentence. We agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of any accounts
for which we are acting as hereinafter stated, that if we should sell the Notes or any interest therein, we will do so only (A) to the
Company or any subsidiary thereof, (B) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a qualified institutional buyer
(as defined therein), (C) to an institutional accredited investor (as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes
(or has furnished on its behalf by a U.S. broker-dealer) to you and to the Company a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter
and, if such transfer is in respect of a principal amount of Notes, at the time of transfer of less than $250,000, an Opinion of Counsel
in form reasonably acceptable to the Company to the effect that such transfer is in

D-1-1 

compliance with the Securities Act, (D) outside the United States
in accordance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act or (F) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, and we further agree to provide to any Person purchasing
the Definitive Note or beneficial interest in a Global Note from us in a transaction meeting the requirements of clauses (A) through (E)
of this paragraph a notice advising such purchaser that resales thereof are restricted as stated herein.

3. We
understand that, on any proposed resale of the Notes or beneficial interest therein, we will be required to furnish to you and the Company
such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may reasonably require to confirm that the proposed sale
complies with the foregoing restrictions. We further understand that the Notes purchased by us will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

4. We
are an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities
Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our
investment in the Notes, and we and any accounts for which we are acting are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. We
are acquiring the Notes or beneficial interest therein purchased by us for our own account or for one or more accounts (each of which
is an institutional accredited investor) as to each of which we exercise sole investment discretion.

You and the Company are entitled to rely upon
this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal
proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

[Insert Name of Accredited Investor] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

D-1-2 

EXHIBIT E

FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental
Indenture for Additional Guarantees), dated as of , among (the Guaranteeing Subsidiary), a subsidiary
of Rollins, Inc. (or its permitted successor), a Delaware corporation (the Company), the Company and Regions Bank,
as trustee under the Indenture referred to below (the Trustee).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and
delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the Indenture), dated as of February 24, 2025, among the Company, each of
the Guarantors party thereto from time to time and the Trustee, providing for the original issuance of an aggregate principal amount of
$500,000,000 of 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Initial Notes), and, subject to the terms of the Indenture, future
issuances of the Initial Notes (the Additional Notes, and, together with the Initial Notes, the Notes);

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain
circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing
Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions
set forth herein (the Subsidiary Guarantee); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 4.08 and 9.01 of
the Indenture, the Trustee, the Company and the other Guarantors are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture for
Additional Guarantees.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the Trustee
mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:

1. CAPITALIZED
TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

2. AGREEMENT
TO GUARANTEE. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby becomes a party to the Indenture as a Guarantor and as such shall have all the rights
and be subject to all the Obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to
provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Subsidiary Guarantee and in the Indenture
including but not limited to Article 10 thereof.

3. NO
RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company or any Guarantor, as such, shall have
any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Indenture, the Subsidiary Guarantees or for any
claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations

E-1 

or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives
and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be
effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws.

4. NEW
YORK LAW TO GOVERN. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE FOR ADDITIONAL
GUARANTEES BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER
JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.

5. COUNTERPARTS
AND ELECTRONIC SIGNING. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture for Additional Guarantees. Each signed
copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of the Indenture and of signature
pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of the Indenture as to the parties hereto and
may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for Additional Guarantees and signature pages for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to the Indenture or any
document to be signed in connection with the Indenture shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of
records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature,
physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct
the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means.

6. EFFECT
OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

7. THE
TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental
Indenture for Additional Guarantees or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the
Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the Company.

8. RATIFICATION
OF INDENTURE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE FOR ADDITIONAL GUARANTEES PART OF INDENTURE. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture
is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.
This Supplemental Indenture for Additional Guarantees shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore
or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall by bound hereby.

[Signature Page Follows]

E-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture for Additional Guarantees to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written.

Dated:

[GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ROLLINS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

REGIONS BANK, 

as Trustee 

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

E-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>eh250594913_ex0402.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
4.2

ROLLINS, INC.

(a Delaware corporation)

$5.250% Senior Notes due 2035

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

Dated as of February 24, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1. Definitions 1

2. Exchange Offer 4

3. Shelf Registration 8

4. Additional Interest 9

5. Registration Procedures 11

6. Registration Expenses 18

7. Indemnification and Contribution 19

8. Rule 144A 23

9. NO Underwritten Registrations 23

10. Miscellaneous 24

i 

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT is dated as
of February 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement),
and is entered into by and among Rollins, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the Guarantors (as defined
below), and BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representatives (the Representatives)
of the several initial purchasers named on Schedule A to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below) (collectively, the Initial
Purchasers).

This Agreement is entered into in connection with
the Purchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase
Agreement), by and among the Company, the Guarantors (as defined below), and the Representatives on behalf of the Initial Purchasers,
which provides for, among other things, the sale by the Company to the Initial Purchasers of $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount
of the Companys 5.250% senior notes due 2035 (the Notes or Securities), which
will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantors, pursuant to their guarantees (the Guarantees)
. The Securities are issued under an indenture, dated as of February 24, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time (the Indenture), among the Company, the Guarantors and Regions Bank, as trustee (the Trustee).

In order to induce the Initial Purchasers to enter
into the Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Guarantors have agreed to provide the registration rights set forth in this Agreement
for the benefit of the Initial Purchasers and, except as otherwise set forth herein, any subsequent holder or holders of the Securities
on the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything in this Registration Rights Agreement to the contrary,
to the extent that the Guarantors no longer provide Guarantees of the Notes as of any date, the Guarantors shall have no obligations under
this Registration Rights Agreement.

The parties hereby agree as follows:

1.Definitions

As used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

Additional Interest: See Section 4(a) hereof.

Additional Interest Event: See Section
4(a) hereof.

Advice: See the last paragraph of Section
5 hereof.

Agreement: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Applicable Period: See Section 2(b) hereof.

Business Day: Shall have the meaning ascribed
to such term in Rule 14d-1(g)(3) under the Exchange Act.

Company: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Closing Date: 9:00 a.m. New York City time,
on February 24, 2025, or such other time and date as the Representatives shall designate by notice to the Company.

Effectiveness Period: See Section 3(a)
hereof.

Exchange Act: The Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Offer: See Section 2(a) hereof.

Exchange Offer Registration Statement:
See Section 2(a) hereof.

Exchange Securities: See Section 2(a) hereof.

FINRA: See Section 5(r) hereof.

Guarantors: (i) the entities listed on
the signature pages hereof as Guarantors and (ii) any subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the Closing Date
that executes an additional guarantee in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, and their respective successors and assigns.

Guarantees: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Holder: Any holder of a Transfer Restricted
Security or Transfer Restricted Securities, including, where applicable, each Participating Broker-Dealer.

Indenture: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Information: See Section 5(n) hereof.

Initial Purchasers: See the introductory
paragraphs hereto.

Inspectors: See Section 5(n) hereof.

Issue Date: February 24, 2025, the date
of original issuance of the Securities.

Participant: See Section 7(a) hereof.

Participating Broker-Dealer: See Section
2(b) hereof.

Person: An individual, trustee, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, union, business association, firm or other
legal entity.

Private Exchange: See Section 2(b) hereof.

Private Exchange Notes: See Section 2(b)
hereof.

2 

Prospectus: The prospectus included in
any Registration Statement (including, without limitation, any prospectus subject to completion and a prospectus that includes any information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A or Rule 430B under
the Securities Act and any term sheet filed pursuant to Rule 433 under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus
supplement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated
by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Purchase Agreement: See the introductory
paragraphs hereto.

Records: See Section 5(n) hereof.

Registration Statement: Any registration
statement of the Company and the Guarantors to the extent the Guarantors guarantee the Notes that covers any of the Securities, the Exchange
Securities or the Private Exchange Notes filed with the SEC under the Securities Act, including, in each case, the Prospectus, amendments
and supplements to such registration statement, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits, and all material incorporated by reference
or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Representatives: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Rule 144: Rule 144 under the Securities
Act.

Rule 144A: Rule 144A under the Securities
Act.

Rule 405: Rule 405 under the Securities
Act.

Rule 415: Rule 415 under the Securities
Act.

Rule 424: Rule 424 under the Securities
Act.

SEC: The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Securities Act: The Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Shelf Notice: See Section 2(c) hereof.

Shelf Registration: See Section 3(a) hereof.

Shelf Registration Statement: Any Registration
Statement relating to a Shelf Registration.

Shelf Suspension Period: See Section 3(a)
hereof.

TIA: The Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as
amended.

3 

Transfer Restricted Securities: Each Security
upon its original issuance and at all times subsequent thereto, each Exchange Security as to which Section 2(c)(iv) hereof is applicable
upon original issuance and at all times subsequent thereto and each Private Exchange Note upon original issuance thereof and at all times
subsequent thereto, until, in each case, the earliest to occur of (i) a Registration Statement (other than, with respect to any Exchange
Securities as to which Section 2(c)(iv) hereof is applicable, the Exchange Offer Registration Statement) covering such Security, Exchange
Security or Private Exchange Note has been declared effective by the SEC and such Security, Exchange Security or such Private Exchange
Note, as the case may be, has been disposed of in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such Security has been exchanged
pursuant to the Exchange Offer for an Exchange Security or Exchange Securities that may be resold without restriction under state and
federal securities laws, (iii) such Security, Exchange Security or Private Exchange Note, as the case may be, ceases to be outstanding
for purposes of the Indenture or (iv) such Security, Exchange Security or Private Exchange Note, as the case may be, has been resold in
compliance with Rule 144.

Trustee: The trustee under the Indenture
and the trustee under any indenture (if different) governing the Exchange Securities and Private Exchange Notes.

Underwritten registration or underwritten offering:
A registration in which securities of the Company are sold to one or more underwriters for reoffering to the public.

Except as otherwise specifically provided, all
references in this Agreement to acts, laws, statutes, rules, regulations, releases, forms, no-action letters and other regulatory requirements
(collectively, Regulatory Requirements) shall be deemed to refer also to any amendments thereto and all subsequent
Regulatory Requirements adopted as a replacement thereto having substantially the same effect therewith; provided that Rule 144
shall not be deemed to amend or replace Rule 144A.

2.Exchange Offer

(a)Unless the Exchange Offer would violate applicable law or any applicable interpretation of the staff of the SEC, the Company shall,
at its expense, for the benefit of the Holders, use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and, no later than 270 days after the
Issue Date, file with the SEC a Registration Statement on an appropriate registration form (an Exchange Offer Registration Statement)
with respect to a registered offer (the Exchange Offer) to exchange any and all of the Transfer Restricted Securities
for a like aggregate principal amount of debt securities of the same series of the Company (such debt securities, the Exchange
Securities), that are substantially identical in all material respects to the Securities, except that the Exchange Securities
(i) shall contain no restrictive legend thereon, (ii) shall accrue interest from (A) the later of (x) the last interest payment date on
which interest was paid on such Securities or (y) if such Securities are surrendered for exchange on a date in a period that includes
the record date for an interest payment date to occur on or after the date of such exchange and as to which interest will be paid, the
date of such interest payment date or (B) if no interest has been paid on such Securities, from the Issue Date and (iii) shall be entitled
to the benefits of the Indenture or a trust indenture which is identical in all material respects to the Indenture (other than such changes
to the Indenture or any such identical trust indenture as are

4 

necessary to comply with the TIA) and which, in either case, has
been qualified under the TIA. The Company and the Guarantors shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Exchange Offer
Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act within 365 days after the Issue Date. Promptly after an Exchange
Offer Registration Statement is declared effective, the Company and the Guarantors shall commence the Exchange Offer. The Exchange Offer
shall comply with all applicable tender offer rules and regulations under the Exchange Act and other applicable federal and state securities
laws. The Company and the Guarantors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (x) keep the Exchange Offer open for at least 20 Business
Days (or longer if required by applicable law) after the date that notice of the Exchange Offer is transmitted to Holders and (y) consummate
the Exchange Offer on or prior to the 395th day following the Issue Date.

Each Holder (including, without limitation, each
Participating Broker-Dealer) that participates in the Exchange Offer, as a condition to participation in the Exchange Offer and consummation
by the Company and the Guarantors of the Exchange Offer, will be required to represent to the Company and the Guarantors in writing (which
may be contained in the applicable letter of transmittal) substantially to the effect that: (i) any Exchange Securities acquired in exchange
for Transfer Restricted Securities tendered are being acquired in the ordinary course of business of the Person receiving such Exchange
Securities, whether or not such recipient is such Holder itself; (ii) at the time of the commencement or consummation of the Exchange
Offer, neither such Holder nor, to the knowledge of such Holder, any other Person receiving Exchange Securities from such Holder has an
arrangement or understanding with any Person to participate in the distribution (within the meaning of the Securities Act) of the Exchange
Securities in violation of the provisions of the Securities Act; (iii) neither such Holder nor, to the knowledge of such Holder, any other
Person receiving Exchange Securities from such Holder is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405) of the Company or the Guarantors;
(iv) if such Holder is not a broker-dealer, neither such Holder nor, to the knowledge of such Holder, any other Person receiving Exchange
Securities from such Holder is engaging, or intends to engage, in a distribution of the Exchange Securities; and (v) if such Holder is
a Participating Broker-Dealer, such Holder has acquired the Transfer Restricted Securities for its own account in exchange for Securities
that were acquired as a result of market-making activities or other trading activities and will comply with the applicable provisions
of the Securities Act (including, but not limited to, the prospectus delivery requirements thereunder). In addition, all Holders of Transfer
Restricted Securities shall otherwise cooperate in the Companys and the Guarantors` preparations for the Exchange Offer.

Upon consummation of the Exchange Offer in accordance
with this Section 2, the provisions of this Agreement shall continue to apply, mutatis mutandis, solely with respect to Transfer
Restricted Securities that are Private Exchange Notes, Exchange Securities as to which Section 2(c)(iv) hereof is applicable and Exchange
Securities held by Participating Broker-Dealers, and the Company and the Guarantors shall have no further obligation to register Transfer
Restricted Securities (other than Private Exchange Notes and Exchange Securities as to which clause 2(c)(iv) hereof applies) pursuant
to Section 3 hereof.

(b)The Company shall include within the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement a section entitled Plan
of Distribution, which shall contain a summary statement of the positions taken or policies made by the staff of the SEC with

5 

respect to the potential underwriter status of any
broker-dealer that is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of Exchange Securities received
by such broker-dealer in the Exchange Offer (a Participating Broker-Dealer), whether such positions or policies have
been publicly disseminated by the staff of the SEC or such positions or policies represent the prevailing views of the staff of the SEC.
Such Plan of Distribution section shall also expressly permit, to the extent permitted by applicable policies and regulations
of the SEC, the use of the Prospectus by all Participating Broker-Dealers, and include a statement describing the means by which Participating
Broker-Dealers may resell the Exchange Securities in compliance with the Securities Act.

The Company and the Guarantors shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to keep the Exchange Offer Registration Statement effective and to amend and supplement the Prospectus contained therein
in order to permit such Prospectus to be lawfully delivered by all Persons subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
Act for such period of time as is necessary to comply with applicable law in connection with any resale of the Exchange Securities; provided,
however, that such period shall not be required to exceed 90 days after the date on which the Exchange Offer Registration Statement
is declared effective, as such period is extended, if at all, pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 5 hereof (the Applicable
Period).

If, immediately prior to the consummation of the
Exchange Offer, the Initial Purchasers hold any Securities acquired by them that have the status of an unsold allotment in the initial
distribution, the Company and the Guarantors, upon the written request of the Initial Purchasers, shall simultaneously with the delivery
of the Exchange Securities issue and deliver to the Initial Purchasers, in exchange (the Private Exchange) for such
Securities held by any such Initial Purchaser, a like principal amount of notes of the Company (the Private Exchange Notes),
that are identical in all material respects to the Exchange Securities except for the placement of a restrictive legend on such Private
Exchange Notes. The Private Exchange Notes shall be issued pursuant to the same indenture as the Exchange Securities and bear the same
CUSIP number as the Exchange Securities if permitted by the CUSIP Service Bureau.

In connection with the Exchange Offer, the Company
and the Guarantors shall:

(1)make available to each Holder of record entitled to participate in the Exchange Offer a copy of the Prospectus forming part of
the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, together with an appropriate letter of transmittal and related documents;

(2)use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Exchange Offer open for not less than 20 Business Days (or longer if required
by applicable law) after the date that notice of the Exchange Offer is transmitted to Holders and (y) consummate such Exchange Offer on
or prior to the 395th day following the Issue Date;

(3)utilize the services of a depositary for the Exchange Offer with an address in the United States;

(4)permit Holders to withdraw tendered Securities at any time prior to the close of business, New York time, on the last Business
Day on which the Exchange Offer remains open; and

6 

(5) otherwise comply in all material respects with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Exchange Offer.

As soon as reasonably practicable after the close
of the Exchange Offer and any Private Exchange, the Company and the Guarantors shall:

(6)accept for exchange all Transfer Restricted Securities validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Exchange Offer
and any Private Exchange;

(7)deliver to the Trustee for cancellation all Transfer Restricted Securities so accepted for exchange; and

(8)cause the Trustee to authenticate and deliver promptly to each Holder Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Notes, as the case
may be, equal in principal amount to the Securities of such Holder so accepted for exchange; provided that, in the case of any
Securities held in global form by a depositary, authentication and delivery to such depositary of one or more replacement Securities in
global form in an equivalent principal amount thereto for the account of such Holders in accordance with the Indenture shall satisfy such
authentication and delivery requirement.

The Exchange Offer and the Private Exchange shall
not be subject to any conditions, other than that (i) the Exchange Offer or Private Exchange, as the case may be, does not violate applicable
law or any applicable interpretation of the staff of the SEC; (ii) no action or proceeding shall have been instituted or threatened in
any court or by or before any governmental agency which, in the Companys and the Guarantors judgment, might materially impair
the ability of the Company and the Guarantors to proceed with the Exchange Offer or the Private Exchange and, in the Companys and
the Guarantors judgment, no material adverse development shall have occurred in any existing action or proceeding with respect
to the Company; (iii) all governmental approvals shall have been obtained, which approvals the Company and the Guarantors deem necessary
for the consummation of the Exchange Offer or Private Exchange; and (iv) the accuracy of customary representations of the Holders and
other representations (including, but not limited to, those set forth in Section 2(a)) as may reasonably be necessary under applicable
SEC rules, regulations or interpretations, the satisfaction by the Holders of customary conditions relating to the delivery of Securities
and the execution and delivery of customary documentation relating to the Exchange Offer or Private Exchanges, as applicable.

The Exchange Securities and the Private Exchange
Notes shall be issued under (i) the Indenture or (ii) an indenture substantially identical in all material respects to the Indenture and
which, in either case, has been qualified under the TIA or is exempt from such qualification and shall provide that the Exchange Securities
shall not be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in the Indenture. The Indenture or such other indenture shall provide that
the Exchange Securities, the Private Exchange Notes and the Securities shall vote and consent together on all matters as one class and
that none of the Exchange Securities, the Private Exchange Notes or the Securities will have the right to vote or consent as a separate
class on any matter.

7 

(c) If (i) because of any change in law or in currently prevailing interpretations of the staff of the SEC, the Company and the Guarantors
are not permitted to effect the Exchange Offer, (ii) the Exchange Offer is not consummated by the 395th day following the Issue Date,
(iii) any holder of Private Exchange Notes so requests in writing to the Company and the Guarantors at any time within 20 days after the
consummation of the Exchange Offer, or (iv) in the case of any Holder that participates in the Exchange Offer, such Holder does not receive
Exchange Securities on the date of the exchange that may be sold without restriction under state and federal securities laws (other than
due solely to the status of such Holder as an affiliate of the Company or the Guarantors within the meaning of the Securities Act) and
so notifies the Company and the Guarantors within 10 days after such Holder first becomes aware of such restrictions (but in any event
no later than 20 days after the consummation of the Exchange Offer), in the case of each of clauses (i) through (iv) of this sentence,
then the Company and the Guarantors shall promptly deliver to the Trustee (to deliver to the Holders) written notice thereof (the Shelf
Notice) and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to file a Shelf Registration pursuant to Section 3 hereof.

3.Shelf
Registration

If at any time a Shelf Notice is delivered as
contemplated by Section 2(c) hereof, then:

(a)Shelf Registration. The Company and the Guarantors shall, at their expense, use its commercially reasonable efforts to file
with the SEC a Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of the Transfer
Restricted Securities (the Shelf Registration) as soon as practicable after the filing obligation arises; provided,
however, that (i) nothing in this Section 3(a) shall require the Company and the Guarantors to file the Shelf Registration Statement
prior to the deadline for filing the Exchange Offer Registration Statement set forth in Section 2(a) and (ii) in the event the Exchange
Offer is consummated within 395 days after the Issue Date, the Company and the Guarantors shall not have any obligation to file the Shelf
Registration Statement pursuant to this Section 3. The Shelf Registration shall be on Form S-3 or another appropriate form permitting
registration of such Transfer Restricted Securities for resale by Holders in the manner or manners designated by them (including, without
limitation, one or more underwritten offerings). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Holder shall be entitled to be named
as a selling security holder in the Shelf Registration Statement or to use the Prospectus forming a part thereof for resales of Transfer
Restricted Securities unless such Holder has signed and returned to the Company and the Guarantors a notice and questionnaire as distributed
by the Company and the Guarantors consenting to such Holders inclusion in the Prospectus as a selling security holder, evidencing
such Holders agreement to be bound by the applicable provisions of this Agreement and providing such further information to the
Company and the Guarantors as the Company and the Guarantors may reasonably request.

The Company and the Guarantors shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Shelf Registration to be declared effective under the Securities Act within 270 days after the date, if
any, on which the Company and the Guarantors became obligated to file the Shelf Registration Statement and to keep the Shelf Registration
continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date upon which all Transfer Restricted Securities eligible to be sold

8 

thereunder have been sold pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement
or are freely tradeable pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act and the applicable interpretations of the SEC or cease to be outstanding
or otherwise to be Transfer Restricted Securities (the Effectiveness Period). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Agreement, at any time, the Company may delay the filing of any Shelf Registration or delay or suspend the effectiveness thereof,
for a reasonable period of time, but not in excess of 60 consecutive days or more than three (3) times during any calendar year (each,
a Shelf Suspension Period), if the Board of Directors of the Company determines reasonably and in good faith that
the filing of the Shelf Registration or the continuing effectiveness thereof would require the disclosure of non-public material information
that, in the reasonable judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, would be detrimental to the Company or the Guarantors if so
disclosed or would otherwise materially adversely affect a financing, acquisition, disposition, merger or other material transaction or
such action is required by applicable law; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company or the Guarantors be required
to disclose the business purpose for such delay or suspension. Any Shelf Suspension Period pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall begin on
the date specified in a written notice given by the Company and the Guarantors to the Holders and shall end on the date specified in a
subsequent written notice given by the Company and the Guarantors to the Holders.

(b)Withdrawal of Stop Orders. If the Shelf Registration ceases to be effective for any reason at any time during the Effectiveness
Period (other than in the case of Shelf Suspension Period(s) permitted by this Agreement or because of the sale of all of the Securities
registered thereunder), the Company and the Guarantors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the prompt withdrawal of any
order suspending the effectiveness thereof.

(c)Supplements and Amendments. The Company and the Guarantors shall promptly supplement and/or amend the Shelf Registration
if (i) required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used for such Shelf Registration, (ii) required
by the Securities Act (iii) reasonably requested by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer Restricted
Securities covered by such Registration Statement with respect to the information included therein with respect to one or more of such
Holders or (iv) reasonably requested by any underwriter of such Transfer Restricted Securities with respect to the information included
therein with respect to such underwriter.

4.Additional
Interest

(a)The Company, the Guarantors and the Initial Purchasers agree that the Holders will suffer damages if the Company and the Guarantors
fail to fulfill their obligations under Section 2 or Section 3 hereof, as further specified in this Section 4, and that it would not be
feasible to ascertain the extent of such damages with precision. Accordingly, the Company and the Guarantors agree to pay, as liquidated
damages, additional interest on the Securities (Additional Interest) if (A) the Company has neither (i) exchanged
Exchange Securities for all Transfer Restricted Securities validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Offer on or prior
to the 395th day following the Issue Date nor (ii) if applicable, had a Shelf Registration Statement declared effective under the Securities
Act on or prior to the 270th day after the date that such Shelf Registration is required to be declared effective determined in accordance
with Section 2(c) and 3(a) hereof, or (B) if applicable, a Shelf Registration has been

9 

declared effective and such Shelf Registration ceases to be effective
at any time during the Effectiveness Period (other than in the case of Shelf Suspension Period(s) permitted by this Agreement or because
of the sale of all of the Securities registered thereunder) (each such event referred to in clauses (A) and (B), an Additional
Interest Event), then Additional Interest shall accrue on the principal amount of the Securities then outstanding (but, following
the consummation of the Exchange Offer, only on the principal amount of such Securities that could not be exchanged or were not exchanged
as specified in Section 2(c) hereof) at a rate of 0.25% per annum during the 90-day period immediately following the occurrence of any
Additional Interest Event, which rate will, after such 90-day period, increase to a maximum of 0.50% per annum thereafter (such Additional
Interest to be calculated by the Company and the Guarantors) commencing on the (x) 396th day after the Issue Date, in the case
of clause (A)(i) above, (y) such later date that a Shelf Registration is required to be declared effective determined in accordance with
Section 2(c) and 3(a) hereof, in the case of clause (A)(ii) above, or (z) the day such Shelf Registration ceases to be effective in the
case of clause (B) above; provided, however, that upon the exchange of the Exchange Securities for all Transfer Restricted Securities
validly tendered (in the case of clause (A) of this Section 4(a)) or upon the effectiveness of the applicable Shelf Registration Statement
which had ceased to remain effective (in the case of clause (B) of this Section 4(a)) or if the Securities otherwise no longer
constitute Transfer Restricted Securities, Additional Interest on the Securities in respect of which such events relate as a result of
such clause (or the relevant subclause thereof), as the case may be, shall cease to accrue. The obligation of the Company and the Guarantors
to pay Additional Interest as set forth in this Section 4 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy, monetary or otherwise, of the Holders
and Participating Broker-Dealers for any Additional Interest Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) the amount of
Additional Interest payable shall not increase because more than one Additional Interest Event has occurred and is continuing, (ii) a
Holder or Participating Broker-Dealer that is not entitled to the benefits of the Shelf Registration shall not be entitled to Additional
Interest with respect to any Additional Interest Event that pertains to the Shelf Registration and (iii) the Company and the Guarantors
shall not be obligated to pay Additional Interest provided in this Section 4 during a Shelf Suspension Period permitted by Section 3(a)
hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, following the cure of all Additional Interest Events, the accrual of Additional Interest on the affected
Securities will cease, the interest rate will revert to the original rate on such Securities and, upon any subsequent Additional Interest
Event following any such cure of all Additional Interest Events, Additional Interest will begin accruing again at 0.25% per annum and
will increase to a maximum of 0.50% per annum as provided above until all Additional Interest Events have been cured.

(b)The Company and the Guarantors shall notify the Trustee within five Business Days after the occurrence of an Additional Interest
Event in respect of which Additional Interest is required to be paid. Any amounts of Additional Interest due pursuant to clause (a) of
this Section 4 shall be paid by depositing with the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders of the Transfer Restricted Securities
entitled to such Additional Interest, on or before the applicable semi-annual interest payment date set forth in the Indenture, immediately
available funds in sums sufficient to pay the Additional Interest then due. The Additional Interest due shall be payable on each interest
payment date to the record Holder of the Transfer Restricted Securities affected thereby entitled to receive the interest payment to be
paid on such date as set forth in the Indenture. The amount of Additional Interest will be determined by the Company and the Guarantors
by multiplying the applicable Additional Interest rate by the

10 

applicable principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities
entitled to such Additional Interest (as determined pursuant to Section 4(a) hereof), multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which
is the number of days such Additional Interest rate was applicable during such period (determined on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve 30 day months and, in the case of a partial month, the actual number of days elapsed), and the denominator of which is 360.
Each obligation to pay Additional Interest shall be deemed to accrue from and including the day following the applicable Additional Interest
Event.

5.Registration
Procedures

In connection with the filing of any Registration
Statement pursuant to Section 2 or 3 hereof, the Company and the Guarantors shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect such
registrations to permit the sale of the securities covered thereby in accordance with the intended method or methods of disposition thereof,
and pursuant thereto and in connection with any Registration Statement filed by the Company and the Guarantors hereunder, the Company
and the Guarantors shall:

(a)Use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file with the SEC, a Registration Statement as prescribed by Section 2 or
3 hereof, and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective
as provided herein; provided, however, that if (1) such filing is pursuant to Section 3 hereof or (2) a Prospectus contained in
the Exchange Offer Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 2 hereof is required to be delivered under the Securities Act by any
Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period relating thereto from whom the Company
and the Guarantors have received prior written notice that it will be a Participating Broker-Dealer in the Exchange Offer, before filing
any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, the Company and the Guarantors shall furnish to and
afford counsel for the Holders of the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by such Registration Statement (with respect to a Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof), which shall be a single firm and which shall be Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP or such other
firm selected by the Holders holding a majority in principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by such Registration
Statement or counsel for such Participating Broker-Dealer (with respect to any such Registration Statement), as the case may be, and counsel
to the managing underwriters, if any, a reasonable opportunity to review copies of all such documents (including copies of any documents
to be incorporated by reference therein and all exhibits thereto) proposed to be filed (in each case at least three Business Days prior
to such filing). The Company and the Guarantors shall not file any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments or supplements
thereto (other than Exchange Act filings incorporated by reference in any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments or supplements
thereto) if the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by such Registration
Statement, their counsel, or the managing underwriters, if any, shall reasonably object.

(b)Subject to Section 3(a), prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and post-effective amendments to each Shelf Registration
Statement or Exchange Offer Registration Statement, as the case may be, as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement continuously
effective for the Effectiveness Period, the Applicable Period or until

11 

consummation of the Exchange Offer, as the case may be; cause the
related Prospectus to be supplemented by any Prospectus supplement required by applicable law, and as so supplemented to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424 (or any similar provision then in force); and comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act applicable
to it with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as
so supplemented and with respect to the subsequent resale of any securities being sold by a Participating Broker-Dealer covered by any
such Prospectus in all material respects; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall imply that the Company or the Guarantors
is liable for any action or inaction of any Holder, including any Participating Broker-Dealer.

(c)If (1) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof or (2) a Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2 hereof is required to be delivered under the Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who
seeks to sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period relating thereto from whom the Company and the Guarantors have received
prior written notice that it will be a Participating Broker-Dealer in the Exchange Offer, notify the selling Holders of Transfer Restricted
Securities (with respect to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof) or each such Participating Broker-Dealer (with
respect to any such Registration Statement), as the case may be, their counsel and the managing underwriters, if any, promptly (but in
any event within three Business Days) (i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and,
with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective under the Securities Act
(including in such notice a written statement that any Holder may, upon request, obtain, at the sole expense of the Company and the Guarantors,
one conformed copy of such Registration Statement or post-effective amendment including financial statements and schedules, documents
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference and exhibits), (ii) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus or the initiation
of any proceedings for that purpose, (iii) if at any time when a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection
with sales of the Transfer Restricted Securities or resales of Exchange Securities by Participating Broker-Dealers the representations
and warranties of the Company and the Guarantors contained in any agreement (including any underwriting agreement) contemplated by Section
5(m) hereof cease to be true and correct in all material respects, (iv) of the receipt by the Company and the Guarantors of any notification
with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of a Registration Statement or any of the Transfer
Restricted Securities or the Exchange Securities to be sold by any Participating Broker-Dealer for offer or sale in any jurisdiction,
or the initiation or threatening in writing of any proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the happening of any event, the existence of any
condition or any information becoming known that makes any statement made in such Registration Statement or related Prospectus or any
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of
any changes in or amendments or supplements to such Registration Statement, Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration
Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and that in the case of the Prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein

12 

or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the Companys and Guarantors determination that a post-effective
amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate.

(d)Use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement
or of any order preventing or suspending the use of a Prospectus or suspending the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of
any of the Transfer Restricted Securities or the Exchange Securities to be sold by any Participating Broker-Dealer, for sale in any jurisdiction.

(e)If a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof and if requested during the Effectiveness Period by the managing
underwriter or underwriters (if any) or the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities
being sold in connection with an underwritten offering, (i) as promptly as practicable incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment such information as the managing underwriter or underwriters (if any), such Holders or counsel for either of them reasonably
request to be included therein and (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or such post-effective amendment as soon
as practicable after the Company and the Guarantors have received notification of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment.

(f)If (1) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof, or (2) a Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2 hereof is required to be delivered under the Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who
seeks to sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period, furnish to each selling Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities (with
respect to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof) and to each such Participating Broker-Dealer who so requests (with
respect to any such Registration Statement) and to their respective counsel and each managing underwriter, if any, upon request and at
the sole expense of the Company and the Guarantors, one conformed copy of the Registration Statement or Registration Statements and each
post-effective amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, and, if requested, all documents incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits.

(g)If (1) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof, or (2) a Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2 hereof is required to be delivered under the Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who
seeks to sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period, deliver to each selling Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities (with
respect to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof), or each such Participating Broker-Dealer (with respect to any
such Registration Statement), as the case may be, their respective counsel, and the underwriters, if any, at the sole expense of the Company
and the Guarantors, as many copies of the Prospectus or Prospectuses (including each form of preliminary prospectus) and each amendment
or supplement thereto and any documents incorporated by reference therein as such Persons may reasonably request; and, subject to the
last paragraph of this Section 5, the Company and the Guarantors hereby consent to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement
thereto by each of the selling Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities or each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be,
and the underwriters or agents, if any, and dealers, if any, in

13 

connection with the offering and sale of the Transfer Restricted
Securities covered by, or the sale by Participating Broker-Dealers of the Exchange Securities pursuant to, such Prospectus and any amendment
or supplement thereto.

(h)Prior to any public offering of Transfer Restricted Securities or any delivery of a Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer
Registration Statement by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period, use its
commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify, and to cooperate with the selling Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities or
each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, and their respective counsel
in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from such registration or qualification) of such Transfer Restricted
Securities for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any selling Holder,
Participating Broker-Dealer, or the managing underwriter or underwriters reasonably request in writing; provided, however, that
where Exchange Securities held by Participating Broker-Dealers or Transfer Restricted Securities are offered other than through an underwritten
offering, the Company and the Guarantors agree to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause its counsel to perform Blue Sky investigations
and file registrations and qualifications required to be filed pursuant to this Section 5(h), keep each such registration or qualification
(or exemption therefrom) effective during the period such Registration Statement is required to be kept effective and do any and all other
acts or things necessary or advisable to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Exchange Securities held by Participating
Broker-Dealers or the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by the applicable Registration Statement; provided, however, that
the Company and the Guarantors shall not be required to (A) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where they are not then
so qualified, (B) take any action that would subject them to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where they
are not then so subject or (C) make any changes to its certificate of incorporation or by-laws (or other organizational documents) or
any agreement between it and holders of its ownership interests.

(i)If a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof, cooperate with the selling Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities
and the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Transfer
Restricted Securities to be sold, which certificates shall not bear any restrictive legends and shall be in a form eligible for deposit
with The Depository Trust Company; and enable such Transfer Restricted Securities to be in such denominations (subject to applicable requirements
contained in the Indenture) and registered in such names as the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, or Holders may reasonably
request.

(j)[Reserved].

(k)If (1) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof, or (2) a Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2 hereof is required to be delivered under the Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who
seeks to sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period, upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 5(c)(v) or 5(c)(vi)
hereof, as promptly as practicable, use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and (subject to Section 5(a) hereof) file with
the SEC,

14 

at the sole expense of the Company and the Guarantors, a supplement
or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated therein
by reference so that (but only to such an extent that), as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Transfer Restricted Securities
being sold thereunder (with respect to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof) or to the purchasers of the Exchange
Securities to whom such Prospectus will be delivered by a Participating Broker-Dealer (with respect to any such Registration Statement),
any such Prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(l)Prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement relating to the Transfer Restricted Securities, (i) if then in certificated
form, provide the Trustee with certificates for the Transfer Restricted Securities in a form eligible for deposit with The Depository
Trust Company and (ii) provide a CUSIP number for the Transfer Restricted Securities.

(m)In connection with any underwritten offering of Transfer Restricted Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration, enter into an
underwriting agreement as is customary in underwritten offerings of debt securities similar to the Securities (including, without limitation,
a customary condition to the obligations of the underwriters that the underwriters shall have received cold comfort letters
and updates thereof in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to the managing underwriter or underwriters from the independent
certified public accountants of the Company and the Guarantors (and, if necessary, any other independent certified public accountants
of the Company and the Guarantors, or of any business acquired by the Company and the Guarantors, for which financial statements and financial
data are, or are required to be, included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement), addressed to each of the underwriters,
such letters to be in customary form and covering matters of the type customarily covered in cold comfort letters in connection
with underwritten offerings of debt securities similar to the Securities), and take all such other actions as are reasonably requested
by the managing underwriter or underwriters in order to expedite or facilitate the registration or the disposition of such Transfer Restricted
Securities and, in such connection, (i) make such representations and warranties to, and covenants with, the underwriters with respect
to the business of the Company and the Guarantors (including any acquired business, properties or entity, if applicable), and the Registration
Statement, Prospectus and documents, if any, incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, in each case, as are customarily
made by companies to underwriters in underwritten offerings of debt securities similar to the Securities; and (ii) use its commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain the written opinions of counsel to the Company and the Guarantors in form, scope and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the managing underwriter or underwriters, addressed to the underwriters covering the matters customarily covered in opinions
reasonably requested in underwritten offerings (it being agreed that Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP is deemed to be
counsel that is reasonably acceptable). The above shall be done at each closing under such underwriting agreement, or as and to the extent
required thereunder.

(n)If (1) a Shelf Registration is filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof, or (2) a Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2

15 

hereof is required to be delivered under the Securities Act by any
Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period, make available for inspection by any Initial
Purchaser, by one representative selected by the Holders holding a majority in principal amount of such Transfer Restricted Securities
being sold (with respect to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof), or each such Participating Broker-Dealer, as
the case may be, any underwriter participating in any such disposition of Transfer Restricted Securities, if any, and any attorney (which
shall be a single firm and which shall be Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP or such other firm selected by the Holders holding a majority
in principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities covered by such Registration Statement), accountant or other agent retained
by any such selling Holder or each such Participating Broker-Dealer (with respect to any such Registration Statement), as the case may
be, or underwriter (any such Initial Purchasers, Holders, Participating Broker-Dealers, underwriters, attorneys, accountants or agents,
collectively, the Inspectors), upon written request, at reasonable times and in a reasonable manner, all pertinent
financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and instruments of the Company, the Guarantors, and their subsidiaries (collectively,
the Records), as shall be reasonably necessary to enable them to exercise any applicable reasonable due diligence
responsibilities, and cause the officers, directors and employees of the Company and the Guarantors and any of its subsidiaries to supply,
during reasonable business hours, all information (Information) reasonably requested by any such Inspector in connection
with such due diligence responsibilities. Each Inspector shall agree in writing that it will keep the Records and Information confidential,
to use the Records and Information only to the extent necessary for due diligence purposes under applicable securities laws, to abstain
from using the Records or the Information as the basis for any market transactions in Securities of the Company and the Guarantors (or
for any purpose other than the satisfaction of its due diligence responsibilities in connection with such Shelf Registration or Exchange
Offer Registration Statement, as applicable) and that it will not disclose any of the Records or Information that the Company and the
Guarantors determine, in good faith, to be confidential and notifies the Inspectors in writing are confidential unless (i) the disclosure
of such Records or Information is necessary to avoid or correct a material misstatement or omission in such Registration Statement or
Prospectus (in the case of any Prospectus, considered in the light of the circumstances under which it was made), (ii) the release of
such Records or Information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other order from a court of competent jurisdiction, (iii) disclosure
of such Records or Information is necessary or advisable, in the reasonable opinion of counsel for any Inspector, in connection with any
action, claim, suit or proceeding, directly or indirectly, involving or potentially involving such Inspector and arising out of, based
upon, relating to, or involving this Agreement or the Purchase Agreement, or any transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or arising
hereunder or thereunder, or (iv) the information in such Records or Information has been made generally available to the public other
than as a result of a disclosure or failure to safeguard such Records and Information by an Inspector or an affiliate (as
defined in Rule 405) thereof; provided, that the foregoing gathering of Records and Information by the Inspectors shall, to the
greatest extent possible, be coordinated on behalf of Holders and any other parties entitled thereto (including any Participating Broker-Dealers)
by one counsel designated by them; and provided, further, that prior written notice shall be provided as soon as practicable to
the Company and the Guarantors of the potential disclosure of any information by such Inspector pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) of this
sentence to permit the Company and the Guarantors to obtain

16 

a protective order (or waive the provisions of this paragraph (n))
and that such Inspector shall take such actions as are reasonably necessary to protect the confidentiality of such information.

(o)Provide an indenture trustee for the Transfer Restricted Securities or the Exchange Securities, as the case may be, and cause the
Indenture or the trust indenture provided for in Section 2(a) hereof, as the case may be, to be qualified under the TIA not later than
the effective date of the Registration Statement relating to the Transfer Restricted Securities; and in connection therewith, cooperate
with the trustee under any such indenture and the Holders of the Transfer Restricted Securities, to effect such changes (if any) to such
indenture as may be required for such indenture to be so qualified in accordance with the terms of the TIA; and execute, and use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause such trustee to execute, all documents as may be required to effect such changes, and all other forms and
documents required to be filed with the SEC to enable such indenture to be so qualified in a timely manner.

(p)Comply in all material respects with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, and make generally available to their securityholders
with regard to any applicable Registration Statement a consolidated earnings statement (which need not be audited) satisfying the provisions
of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any similar rule promulgated under the Securities Act) for the 12-month
period beginning with the first month of the Companys and the Guarantors first fiscal quarter commencing after the effective
date of the first Registration Statement required by this Agreement; provided that this requirement shall be deemed satisfied by
the Company and the Guarantors by complying with the applicable reporting covenant of the Indenture.

(q)If the Exchange Offer or a Private Exchange is to be consummated, upon delivery of the Transfer Restricted Securities by Holders
to the Company and the Guarantors(or to such other Person as directed by the Company and the Guarantors), in exchange for the Exchange
Securities or the Private Exchange Notes, as the case may be, if then in certificated form, the Company and the Guarantors shall mark,
or cause to be marked, on such Transfer Restricted Securities that such Transfer Restricted Securities are being cancelled in exchange
for the Exchange Securities or the Private Exchange Notes, as the case may be; in no event shall such Transfer Restricted Securities be
marked as paid or otherwise satisfied.

(r)Cooperate with each seller of Transfer Restricted Securities covered by any Registration Statement and each underwriter, if any
(including any qualified independent underwriter that is required to be retained in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA)), participating in the disposition of such Transfer
Restricted Securities and their respective counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with FINRA.

(s)Use its commercially reasonable efforts to take all other steps reasonably necessary to effect the registration of the Exchange
Securities and/or Transfer Restricted Securities covered by a Registration Statement contemplated hereby.

The Company and the Guarantors may require each
seller of Transfer Restricted Securities as to which any registration is being effected to furnish to the Company and the Guarantors in
writing such information regarding such seller and the distribution of such

17 

Transfer Restricted Securities as the Company and the Guarantors
may, from time to time, reasonably request. The Company and the Guarantors may exclude from such registration the Transfer Restricted
Securities of any seller so long as such seller fails to furnish such information in writing within a reasonable time after receiving
such request. Each seller as to which any Shelf Registration is being effected agrees to furnish promptly in writing to the Company and
the Guarantors all information required to be disclosed in order to make the information previously furnished to the Company and the Guarantors
by such seller not materially misleading.

If any such Registration Statement refers to any
Holder by name or otherwise as the holder of any securities of the Company, then such Holder shall have the right to require (to the extent
not objected to by the SEC) (i) the insertion therein of language, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Holder, to the
effect that the holding by such Holder of such securities is not to be construed as a recommendation by such Holder of the investment
quality of the securities covered thereby and that such holding does not imply that such Holder will assist in meeting any future financial
requirements of the Company and the Guarantors or (ii) in the event that such reference to such Holder by name or otherwise is not required
by the Securities Act or any similar federal statute then in force, the deletion of the reference to such Holder in any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement filed or prepared subsequent to the time that such reference ceases to be required.

Each Holder of Transfer Restricted Securities
and each Participating Broker-Dealer agrees by its acquisition of such Transfer Restricted Securities or Exchange Securities to be sold
by such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company and the Guarantors of the happening
of any event of the kind described in Section 5(c)(ii), 5(c)(iv), 5(c)(v), or 5(c)(vi) hereof, such Holder shall forthwith discontinue
disposition of such Transfer Restricted Securities covered by such Registration Statement or Prospectus or Exchange Securities to be sold
by such Holder or Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, until such Holders or Participating Broker-Dealers receipt
of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 5(k) hereof, or until it is advised in writing (the Advice)
by the Company and the Guarantors that the use of the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and has received copies of any amendments
or supplements thereto. In the event that the Company and the Guarantors shall give any such notice, each of the Applicable Period and
the Effectiveness Period shall be extended by the number of days during such periods from and including the date of the giving of such
notice to and including the date when each seller of Transfer Restricted Securities covered by such Registration Statement or Exchange
Securities to be sold by such Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, shall have received (x) the copies of the supplemented
or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 5(k) hereof or (y) the Advice.

6.Registration
Expenses

(a)All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Agreement by the Company and the Guarantors of their
obligations under Sections 2, 3, 5 and 8 hereof shall be borne by the Company and the Guarantors whether or not the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement or any Shelf Registration Statement is filed or becomes effective or the Exchange Offer is consummated, including, without limitation,
(i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, (A) fees with respect to filings required to be made with

18 

FINRA in connection with an underwritten offering and (B) fees and
expenses of compliance with state securities or Blue Sky laws (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
in connection with Blue Sky qualifications of the Transfer Restricted Securities or Exchange Securities as provided in Section 5(h) hereof)),
(ii) printing expenses, including, without limitation, printing Prospectuses if the printing of Prospectuses is requested by the managing
underwriter or underwriters, if any, by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities
included in any Registration Statement, or in respect of Transfer Restricted Securities or Exchange Securities to be sold by any Participating
Broker-Dealer during the Applicable Period, as the case may be, (iii) fees and expenses of the Trustee and any exchange agent retained
by the Company and the Guarantors and their counsel, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and the Guarantors, in the
case of a Shelf Registration, subject to Section 6(b), reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one firm of counsel for all
of the sellers of Transfer Restricted Securities selected by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of Transfer Restricted
Securities covered by such Shelf Registration (which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Guarantors) exclusive
of any counsel retained pursuant to Section 7 hereof) and (v) fees and disbursements of all independent certified public accountants referred
to in Section 5(m) hereof (including, without limitation, the expenses of any cold comfort letters required by or incident
to such performance); provided, however, that each Holder shall pay all underwriting discounts and commissions and transfer taxes,
of any, relating to the sale and disposition of such Holders Transfer Restricted Securities pursuant to the Shelf Registration
Statement.

(b)In connection with any Registration Statement required by this Agreement (other than the Exchange Offer Registration Statement),
the Company and the Guarantors will reimburse the Initial Purchasers and the Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities being resold pursuant
to the Plan of Distribution contained in the Shelf Registration Statement for the reasonable fees and disbursements
of not more than one counsel, who shall be Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP or such other counsel as may be chosen by the Holders of a majority
in principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities for whose benefit such Shelf Registration Statement is being prepared.

7.Indemnification
and Contribution

(a)The Company and the Guarantors, jointly and severelly, agree to indemnify and hold harmless each Initial Purchaser, each Holder
of Transfer Restricted Securities and each Participating Broker-Dealer selling Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period, and each
Person, if any, who controls such Person or its affiliates within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the
Exchange Act (each, a Participant) against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which
any Participant may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as any such losses, claims, damages
or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon:

(i)any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement (or any amendment
thereto) or Prospectus (as amended or supplemented if the Company shall have furnished any amendments or supplements thereto); or

19 

(ii) the omission, or alleged omission to state, in any Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or Prospectus (as amended
or supplemented if the Company shall have furnished any amendments or supplements thereto), a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which such statement
was made) not misleading;

and agree (subject to the limitations set forth in the proviso to
this sentence) to reimburse, as incurred, the Participant for any reasonable legal or other expenses incurred by the Participant in connection
with investigating, defending against or appearing as a third-party witness in connection with any such loss, claim, damage, liability
or action; provided, however, that the Company and the Guarantors will not be liable in any case under this Section 7(a) to the
extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability (A) arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue
statement or alleged omission made in any Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto) or Prospectus (as amended or supplemented
if the Company shall have furnished any amendments or supplements thereto) or any amendment or supplement thereto in reliance upon and
in conformity with written information relating to any Participant furnished to the Company by such Participant specifically for use therein
or (B) arising from an offer or sale of Securities or Exchange Securities occurring during a Shelf Suspension Period by a Holder or Participating
Broker-Dealer to whom the Company and the Guarantors theretofore provided notice thereof pursuant to Section 5(c) hereof. The indemnity
provided for in this Section 7 will be in addition to any liability that the Company may otherwise have to the indemnified parties. The
Company and the Guarantors shall not be liable under this Section 7 to any indemnified party regarding any settlement or compromise or
consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action)
unless such settlement, compromise or consent is consented to by the Company and the Guarantors, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

(b)Each Participant, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the Guarantors, their respective
directors (or equivalent), officers, representatives, agents and employees and each Person, if any, who controls the Company or the Guarantors
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities
to which the Company and the Guarantors or any such director, officer, representative, agent, employee or controlling person may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in
respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in
any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, (ii) the omission or the alleged omission to state therein
a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (in the case of any such Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made), in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission or
alleged untrue statement or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information concerning such Participant
furnished to the Company and the Guarantors by or on behalf of such Participant specifically for use therein or (iii) an offer or sale
of Securities or Exchange Securities occurring during a Shelf Suspension

20 

Period by a Holder or Participating Broker-Dealer to whom the Company
and the Guarantors theretofore provided notice thereof pursuant to Section 5(c) hereof; and subject to the limitation set forth immediately
preceding this clause, will reimburse, as incurred, any reasonable legal or other expenses incurred by the Company and the Guarantors
or any such director, officer, representative, agent, employee or controlling person in connection with investigating or defending against
or appearing as a third-party witness in connection with any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action in respect thereof. The indemnity
provided for in this Section 7 will be in addition to any liability that the Participants may otherwise have to the indemnified parties.
A Participant shall not be liable under this Section 7 to any indemnified party regarding any settlement or compromise or consent to the
entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual or potential parties to such claim or action)
unless such settlement, compromise or consent is consented to by such Participant, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(c)Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 7 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified
party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under this Section 7, notify the indemnifying
party of the commencement thereof in writing; but the omission to so notify the indemnifying party (i) will not relieve it from any liability
under paragraph (a) or (b) above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action and such failure results in the forfeiture
by the indemnifying party of substantial rights and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the indemnifying party from any
obligations to any indemnified party other than the indemnification obligation provided in paragraphs (a) and (b) above. The indemnifying
party shall be entitled to appoint counsel (including local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction) of the indemnifying partys
choice at the indemnifying partys expense to represent the indemnified party in any action for which indemnification is sought
(in which case the indemnifying party shall not thereafter be responsible for the fees and expenses of any separate counsel, other than
local counsel if not appointed by the indemnifying party, retained by the indemnified party or parties except as set forth below); provided,
however, that such counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. Notwithstanding the indemnifying partys
election to appoint counsel (including local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction) to represent the indemnified party in an action,
the indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (including local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction), and the
indemnifying party shall bear the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the
indemnifying party to represent the indemnified party would present such counsel with a conflict of interest (based on the advice of counsel
to the indemnified party); (ii) such action includes both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall
have reasonably concluded (based on the advice of counsel to the indemnified party) that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or
other indemnified parties that are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party; (iii) the indemnifying party
shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable
time after notice of the institution of such action; or (iv) the indemnifying party shall authorize the indemnified party to employ separate
counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party. It is understood and agreed that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with
any proceeding or separate but related or substantially similar proceedings in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations
or circumstances,

21 

be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one
separate firm (in addition to one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction) representing the indemnified parties under paragraph
(a) or paragraph (b) of this Section 7, as the case may be, who are parties to such action or actions. Any such separate firm for any
Participants shall be designated in writing by Participants who sold a majority in interest of the Transfer Restricted Securities and
Exchange Securities sold by all such Participants, in the case of paragraph (a) of this Section 7, or the Company and the Guarantors,
in the case of paragraph (b) of this Section 7. An indemnifying party shall not, without the prior written consent of the indemnified
parties, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened claim, action, suit or
proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified parties are actual
or potential parties to such claim or action) unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of each
indemnified party from all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or proceeding and does not include any statement as to, or
any admission of, fault, culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. All fees and expenses reimbursed pursuant
to this paragraph (c) shall be reimbursed as they are incurred and following a written request therefor.

(d)After notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof and approval
by such indemnified party of counsel appointed to defend such action, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party
under this Section 7 for any legal or other expenses, other than reasonable costs of investigation, subsequently incurred by such indemnified
party in connection with the defense thereof, unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with
the third sentence of paragraph (c) of this Section 7, or (ii) the indemnifying party has authorized in writing the employment of counsel
for the indemnified party at the expense of the indemnifying party. After such notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified
party, the indemnifying party will not be liable for the costs and expenses of any settlement of such action effected by such indemnified
party without the prior written consent of the indemnifying party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), unless such indemnified
party waived in writing its rights under this Section 7, in which case the indemnified party may effect such a settlement without such
consent.

(e)In circumstances in which the indemnity agreement provided for in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 7 is unavailable to,
or insufficient to hold harmless, an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect
thereof) (other than for the reasons specified in Section 7(a) or 7(b) hereof, including by virtue of the failure of an indemnified party
to notify the indemnifying party of its right to indemnification pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 7, where such failure
materially prejudices the indemnifying party (through the forfeiture of substantial rights or defenses)), each indemnifying party, in
order to provide for just and equitable contribution, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result
of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the
relative benefits received by the indemnifying party or parties, on the one hand, and the indemnified party, on the other, from the offering
of the Securities, or (ii) if the allocation provided by the foregoing clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, not only such relative
benefits but also the relative fault of the indemnifying party or parties, on the one hand, and the indemnified party, on the other, in
connection with the statements or omissions or alleged statements or omissions that resulted in

22 

such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect
thereof). The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Participants, on the other, shall be deemed to be in
the same proportion that the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) of the Securities received by the Company
bear to the total discounts and commissions received by the Participants in connection with the initial sale of the Securities by the
Company (or if such Participant did not receive a discount from the Company with respect to the initial sale of the Securities by the
Company, the net proceeds received by such Participant from the sale of Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Notes pursuant
to such Registration Statement). The relative fault of the parties shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the
untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Participants, on the other hand, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission or alleged statement or omission, and any other equitable
considerations appropriate in the circumstances. The parties agree that it would not be equitable if the amount of such contribution were
determined by pro rata or per capita allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the first sentence of this paragraph (e). Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (e), no Participant shall
be obligated to make contributions hereunder that in the aggregate exceed the total discounts, commissions and other compensation or net
proceeds, as applicable, on the sale of Securities received by such Participant in connection with the sale of the Securities, less the
aggregate amount of any damages that such Participant has otherwise been required to pay by reason of the untrue or alleged untrue statements
or the omissions or alleged omissions to state a material fact, and no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning
of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
For purposes of this paragraph (e), each person, if any, who controls a Participant within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Participants, and each director, member or manager,
as applicable, of the Company and the Guarantors, each officer of the Company and the Guarantors, and each person, if any, who controls
the Company and the Guarantors within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, shall have the
same rights to contribution as the Company and the Guarantors.

8.Rule 144A

The Company and the Guarantors covenant and agree
that it will use their commercially reasonable efforts to file the reports required to be filed by them under the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder in a timely manner in accordance with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act and, if at any time the Company and the Guarantors are not required to file such reports and do not
otherwise file such reports pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, the Company and the Guarantors shall, upon the request of any Holder
or beneficial owner of Transfer Restricted Securities, make available the information required by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities
Act in order to permit sales pursuant to Rule 144A.

23 

9.No Underwritten Registrations

The Company and the Guarantors shall not be required
to assist in an underwritten offering of the Transfer Restricted Securities.

10.Miscellaneous

(a)No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company and the Guarantors have not as of the date hereof entered, and the Company and the
Guarantors shall not after the date of this Agreement enter, into any agreement with respect to any of the Companys securities
that is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts
with the provisions hereof. The rights granted to the Holders hereunder do not in any way conflict with and are not inconsistent with
the rights granted to the holders of the Companys or the Guarantors other issued and outstanding securities, if any, under
any such agreements.

(b)Adjustments Affecting Transfer Restricted Securities. The Company and the Guarantors shall not, directly or indirectly,
take any action with respect to the Transfer Restricted Securities as a class that would adversely affect the ability of the Company and
the Guarantors to consummate the Exchange Offer on the terms specified herein or effect any Shelf Registration required by this Agreement.

(c)Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents
to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, otherwise than with the prior written consent of (I) the Company and the Guarantors,
and (II) (A) the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Transfer Restricted Securities
and (B) in circumstances that would adversely affect the Participating Broker-Dealers, the Participating Broker-Dealers holding not less
than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Exchange Securities held by all Participating Broker-Dealers; provided, however,
that Section 7 hereof and this Section 10(c) may not be amended, modified or supplemented, the rate at which Additional Interest accrues
pursuant to Section 4(a) hereof may not be reduced, and the time for payment of Additional Interest pursuant to Section 4(a) hereof may
not be changed, in each case, without the prior written consent of each Holder and each Participating Broker-Dealer (including any person
who was a Holder or Participating Broker-Dealer of Transfer Restricted Securities or Exchange Securities, as the case maybe, disposed
of pursuant to any Registration Statement) affected by any such amendment, modification or supplement; provided, further, that
no consent is necessary from any Holder or Participating Broker-Dealer in the event that this Agreement is amended, modified or supplemented
for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder or Participating
Broker-Dealer (as applicable), as determined by the Company and the Guarantors in its reasonable discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(A) a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of Holders
whose Securities are being tendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer and that does not affect directly or indirectly the rights of other
Holders whose Securities are not being tendered pursuant to such Exchange Offer may be given by the Holders of a majority of the outstanding
principal amount of Transfer Restricted Securities being tendered or registered and (B) a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions

24 

hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the
rights of Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities whose Securities are being sold pursuant to a Registration Statement and that does
not directly or indirectly affect, impair, limit or compromise the rights of other Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities may be given
by Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer Restricted Securities being sold pursuant to such Registration
Statement.

(d)Notices. All notices and other communications (including, without limitation, any notices or other communications to the
Trustee) provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, registered first-class mail, next-day air courier,
facsimile or electronic mail:

(i)If to a Holder of the Transfer Restricted Securities or any Participating Broker-Dealer, at the most current address of such Holder
or Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, set forth on the records of the registrar under the Indenture, with a copy in like
manner to the Initial Purchasers as follows:

BofA Securities, Inc.

114 West 47th Street, NY8-114-07-01

New York, New York 10036

Facsimile: (212) 901-7881

Attention: High Grade Debt Capital Markets Transaction Management/Legal

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Facsimile: (212) 834-6081

Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

1585 Broadway, 29th Floor

New York, New York 10036

Facsimile: (212) 507-8999

Attention: Investment Banking Division

with a copy to:

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450 Lexington Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Facsimile: (212) 701-5658

Email: byron.rooney@davispolk.com

Attention: Byron B. Rooney

(ii)If to the Initial Purchasers, at the address specified in Section 10(d)(i) hereof;

25 

(iii) If to the Company or the Guarantors, at the address as follows:

Rollins, Inc.

2170 Piedmont Road NE

Atlanta, Georgia 30324

Email: 

Attention: Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

with a copy to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 6th Avenue

New York, New York 10019

Facsimile: (212) 492-0124

Email: dhuntington@paulweiss.com

Attention: David S. Huntington

All such notices and communications shall be deemed
to have been duly given: when delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage
prepaid, if mailed; one Business Day after being timely delivered to a next-day air courier; and upon receipt of confirmation, if sent
by facsimile or electronic mail.

Copies of all such notices, demands or other communications
shall be concurrently delivered by the Person giving the same to the Trustee at the address and in the manner specified in such Indenture.

(e)Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns
of each of the parties, including, without limitation, and without the need for an express assignment, subsequent Holders of Transfer
Restricted Securities; provided, however, that this Agreement shall not inure to the benefit of or be binding upon a successor
or assign of a Holder unless and to the extent such successor or assign acquired Transfer Restricted Securities from such Holder; and
provided, further, that nothing herein shall be deemed to permit any assignment, transfer or other disposition of Transfer Restricted
Securities in violation of the terms of the Purchase Agreement or the Indenture.

(f)Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

(g)Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the
meaning hereof.

(h)Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH
OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN

26 

ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT.

(i)Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their respective
commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(j)Securities Held by the Company and the Guarantors or Any of their Affiliates. Whenever the consent or approval of Holders
of a specified percentage of Transfer Restricted Securities is required hereunder, Transfer Restricted Securities held by the Company
and the Guarantors or any of their controlled affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405) shall not be counted in determining whether
such consent or approval was given by the Holders of such required percentage.

(k)Third-Party Beneficiaries. Holders of Transfer Restricted Securities and Participating Broker-Dealers are intended third-party
beneficiaries of this Agreement, and this Agreement may be enforced by such Persons to the extent necessary to protect the rights of the
Holders hereunder.

(l)Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Purchase Agreement and the Indenture, is intended by the parties as
a final and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein
and therein and any and all prior oral or written agreements, representations, or warranties, contracts, understandings, correspondence,
conversations and memoranda between the Holders and Initial Purchasers, on the one hand, and the Company and the Guarantors, on the other
hand, or between or among any agents, representatives, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors in interest or successors in interest
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof are merged herein and replaced hereby.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]

27 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above.

ROLLINS, INC. 

By: /s/ Brady Knudsen 

Name: Brady Knudsen 

Title: Treasurer 

Orkin, LLC 

Northwest Exterminating Co., LLC 

Clark Pest Control of Stockton, Inc.

HomeTeam Pest Defense, Inc., 

as Subsidiary Guarantors 

By: /s/ Andrew Light 

Name: Andrew Light 

Title: Treasurer 

[Signature Page to the Registration Rights Agreement]

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and
accepted as of the date first written above.

BofA Securities, Inc. 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 

Acting on behalf of itself and as Representatives of the several Initial Purchasers 

By: BofA Securities, Inc. 

/s/ Christopher Cote 

Name: Christopher Cote 

Title: Managing Director 

By: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 

/s/ Som Bhattacharyya 

Name: Som Bhattacharyya 

Title: Executive Director 

By: Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 

/s/ Aisha Farman 

Name: Aisha Farman 

Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to the Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rol-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rol-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rol-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 1-4422

Entity Registrant Name ROLLINS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000084839

Entity Tax Identification Number 51-0068479

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2170 Piedmont Road, N.E.

Entity Address, City or Town Atlanta

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 30324

City Area Code 404

Local Phone Number 888-2000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol ROL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rollins.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

eh250594913_8k.htm 
rol-20250224.xsd 
rol-20250224_lab.xml 
rol-20250224_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000950142-25-000519-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>eh250594913_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000084839 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000084839 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
ROLLINS, INC. 
DE 
1-4422 
51-0068479 
2170 Piedmont Road, N.E. 
Atlanta 
GA 
30324 
404 
888-2000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
ROL 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>