<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950103-25-004791.txt : 20250414
<SEC-HEADER>0000950103-25-004791.hdr.sgml : 20250414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250414110119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-25-004791
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250414
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PAYCOR HCM, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839439
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				831813909
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40640
		FILM NUMBER:		25834651

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4811 MONTGOMERY ROAD
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(883) 957-2771

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4811 MONTGOMERY ROAD
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PAYOR HCM, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210421

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRIDE PARENT, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210107
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dp227636_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--06-30000183943900018394392025-04-142025-04-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_____________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 14, 2025

_____________________

PAYCOR HCM, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

_____________________

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

001-40640

(Commission File Number) 

83-1813909

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4811 Montgomery Road

Cincinnati, OH

(Address of principal executive offices) 

45212

(Zip Code)

(800) 381-0053

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

_____________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value PYCR 

The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note.

As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 7, 2025, Paycor HCM, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 7, 2025 (the Merger Agreement),
with Paychex, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and Skyline Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub). On April 14, 2025 (the Closing Date),
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with
the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

Concurrently with the closing of the Merger, the Company terminated
all commitments and repaid all outstanding indebtedness under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2021, by and among Pride
Guarantor, Inc., Paycor, Inc., the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent,
as amended from time to time.

The information
in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference
into this Item 1.02.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time),
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, each share of Company common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (Company Stock) (other than shares of Company Stock (i) held by the Company as treasury stock or owned by Parent
or Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time or (ii) held by any subsidiary of either the Company or Parent (other than Merger
Sub) immediately prior to the Effective Time (in each case, other than shares of Company Stock held by any such person in a trustee, custodian
or nominee capacity for the account of clients or customers of such persons)), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than shares held by any holder who is entitled to appraisal rights and has properly exercised such rights under Delaware law)
was converted into the right to receive $22.50 in cash per share, without interest thereon and less applicable withholding taxes (the
Merger Consideration).

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement,
a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2025, the
terms of which are incorporated herein by reference.

The information in the Introductory Note and in Item 3.03, Item 5.01
and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued
Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

In connection with the closing of the Merger, the Company notified
the Nasdaq Stock Market (Global Select Market) (the Nasdaq) on April 11, 2025 of the anticipated closing of the Merger
on the Closing Date and that trading of the Company Stock should be suspended prior to the opening of business on the Closing Date. The
Company subsequently confirmed to the Nasdaq that the Merger was completed prior to the opening of business on the Closing Date and trading
of the Company Stock on the Nasdaq was suspended prior to the opening of business on the Closing Date. The Company also requested that
the Nasdaq file a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration on Form 25 with the SEC to delist and deregister the Company
Stock pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). After the
Form 25 becomes effective, the Company intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 under the Exchange Act, requesting the deregistration of
the Company Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of the Companys reporting obligations under Sections
13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

The information in the Introductory Note and in Item 2.01 and Item
3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and in connection with the consummation
of the Merger, each outstanding share of Company Stock (except as described in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K) was cancelled
and automatically converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration.

The information in the Introductory Note and in Item 2.01, Item 3.01,
Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. The description of the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Merger Agreement.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

On the Closing Date, as a result of the consummation of the Merger,
a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Company became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

In connection
with the Merger, the aggregate purchase price paid for all outstanding shares of Company Stock (except as described in Item 2.01
of this Current Report on Form 8-K) was approximately
$4.1 billion. 

The information in the Introductory Note and in Item 2.01, Item 3.03
and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time,
the certificate of incorporation of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, was amended and restated in its
entirety to be in the form of the certificate of incorporation attached as Exhibit 3.1, which is incorporated herein by reference, and
the bylaws of the Company were amended and restated to be in the form of the bylaws attached as Exhibit 3.2, which is incorporated herein
by reference.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On April 14, 2025, Parent issued a press release announcing the completion
of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description of Exhibit

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 7, 2025, by and among Paycor HCM, Inc., Paychex, Inc. and Skyline Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Paycor HCM, Inc. on January 7, 2025).

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Paycor HCM, Inc.

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Paycor HCM, Inc.

99.1 Press Release, dated April 14, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item
601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Paycor HCM, Inc.

Date: April 14, 2025 /s/ John B. Gibson Jr.

Name: John B. Gibson Jr. 

Title: President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dp227636_ex0301.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

Paycor HCM, Inc.

* * *

FIRST: The name of the corporation is
Paycor HCM, Inc. (the Corporation).

SECOND: The address of its registered
office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The
name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (Delaware Law).

FOURTH: The total number of shares of
stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000, and the par value of each such share is $0.01, amounting in the aggregate
to $10.00.

FIFTH: The Board of Directors shall
have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation.

SIXTH: Election of directors need not
be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the Corporation so provide.

SEVENTH: The Corporation expressly elects
not to be governed by Section 203 of Delaware Law.

EIGHTH: (1) A director of the Corporation
shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest
extent permitted by Delaware Law.

(2)(a) Each person (and the heirs, executors
or administrators of such person) who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such person
is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the
Corporation to the fullest extent permitted

by Delaware Law. The right to indemnification conferred
in this ARTICLE EIGHTH shall also include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in connection with any such proceeding
in advance of its final disposition to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware Law. The right to indemnification conferred
in this ARTICLE EIGHTH shall be a contract right.

(b) The
Corporation may, by action of its Board of Directors, provide indemnification to such of the employees and agents of the Corporation to
such extent and to such effect as the Board of Directors shall determine to be appropriate and authorized by Delaware Law.

(c) Any
claim for indemnification or advance of expenses by an indemnitee under this ARTICLE EIGHTH shall be made promptly, and in any event within
forty-five days (or, in the case of an advance of expenses, twenty days, upon the written request of the indemnitee. If the Corporation
denies a written request for indemnification or advance of expenses, in whole or in part, or if payment in full pursuant to such request
is not made within forty-five days (or, in the case of an advance of expenses, twenty days, the right to indemnification or advances as
granted by this ARTICLE EIGHTH shall be enforceable by the indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction. Such persons costs
and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing his or her right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such
action shall also be indemnified by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law. It shall be a defense to any such
action that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct which make it permissible under Delaware Law for the Corporation
to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proof shall be on the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted
by Delaware Law. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, a committee thereof, independent legal counsel
or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper
in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Delaware Law, nor an actual determination
by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such
applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable
standard of conduct.

(3) The
Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or
agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss incurred by such person in any
such capacity or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such
person against such liability under Delaware Law.

(4) The
rights and authority conferred in this ARTICLE EIGHTH shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may otherwise have or
hereafter acquire.

(5) Neither
the amendment nor repeal of this ARTICLE EIGHTH, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws
of the Corporation, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law, any modification of law, shall adversely affect any right or
protection of any person granted pursuant hereto existing at, or arising out of or related to any event, act or omission that occurred
prior to, the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification (regardless of when any proceeding (or part thereof) relating to
such event, act or omission arises or is first threatened, commenced or completed).

NINTH: The Corporation reserves the
right to amend this Certificate of Incorporation in any manner permitted by Delaware Law and all rights and powers conferred herein on
stockholders, directors and officers, if any, are subject to this reserved power.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dp227636_ex0302.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

PAYCOR HCM, Inc. 

* * * * *

Article
1

Offices

Section 1.01. Registered Office. The
registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.

Section 1.02. Other Offices. The
Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from
time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

Section 1.03. Books. The
books of the Corporation may be kept within or without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine
or the business of the Corporation may require.

Article
2

Meetings of Stockholders

Section 2.01. Time and Place of Meetings. All
meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as
may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors (or the Chairman in the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors).

Section 2.02. Annual Meetings. Unless
directors are elected by written consent in lieu of an annual meeting as permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (Delaware Law), an annual meeting of stockholders, commencing with
the year 2025, shall be held for the election of directors and to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. Stockholders
may, unless the certificate of incorporation otherwise provides, act by written consent to elect directors; provided, however,
that if such consent is less than unanimous, such action by written consent may be in lieu of holding an annual meeting only if all of
the directorships to which directors could be elected at an annual meeting held at the effective time of such action are vacant and are
filled by such action.

Section 2.03. Special Meetings. Special
meetings of stockholders may be called by the Board of Directors or the Chairman of the Board and shall be called by the Secretary at
the request in writing of holders of record of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote. Such
request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.

Section 2.04. Notice of Meetings
and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of Notice. (a)Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take
any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting,
the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at
such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise
provided by Delaware Law, such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder
of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Unless these bylaws otherwise require, when a meeting is adjourned to another time
or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, and the means
of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting,
are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any
business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or after the
adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder
of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

(b) A
written waiver of any such notice signed by the person entitled thereto, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled
to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at
a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting,
at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Business
transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 2.05. Quorum. Unless
otherwise provided under the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws and subject to Delaware Law, the presence, in person or by proxy,
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the
stockholders, a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy may adjourn the meeting, without
notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at
which a

quorum shall be present or represented any business may be transacted
which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified.

Section 2.06. Voting. (a)Unless
otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation and subject to Delaware Law, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for
each outstanding share of capital stock of the Corporation held by such stockholder. Any share of capital stock of the Corporation
held by the Corporation shall have no voting rights. Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation
or these bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the majority of the shares of capital stock
of the Corporation present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act
of the stockholders. 

(b) Each
stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to a corporate action in writing without a
meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, appointed by an instrument in writing, subscribed
by such stockholder or by his attorney thereunto authorized, or by proxy sent by cable, telegram or by any means of electronic communication
permitted by law, which results in a writing from such stockholder or by his attorney, and delivered to the secretary of the meeting. No
proxy shall be voted after three (3) years from its date, unless said proxy provides for a longer period.

(c) In
determining the number of votes cast for or against a proposal or nominee, shares abstaining from voting on a matter will not be treated
as a vote cast. 

Section 2.07. Action by Consent. (a)Unless
otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation and subject to the proviso in Section 2.02, any action required to be taken at
any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, may
be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so
taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding capital stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary
to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered
to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation
having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations
registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking
of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented
in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for
such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take the action were delivered to
the Corporation as provided in Section 2.07(b).

(b) Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent, and no written consent shall be effective
to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required
by this section and Delaware Law to the Corporation, written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered
to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the Corporation
having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations
registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.

Section 2.08. Organization. At
each meeting of stockholders, the Chairman of the Board, if one shall have been elected, or in the Chairmans absence or if one
shall not have been elected, the director designated by the vote of the majority of the directors present at such meeting, shall act as
chairman of the meeting. The Secretary (or in the Secretarys absence or inability to act, the person whom the chairman
of the meeting shall appoint secretary of the meeting) shall act as secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof.

Section 2.09. Order of Business. The
order of business at all meetings of stockholders shall be as determined by the chairman of the meeting.

Article
3

Directors

Section 3.01. General Powers. Except
as otherwise provided in Delaware Law or the certificate of incorporation, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed
by or under the direction of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.02. Number, Election and
Term Of Office. (a) The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board shall be fixed from time to time by
resolution of the Board of Directors but shall not be less than three or more than nine. The directors shall be elected at
the annual meeting of the stockholders by written ballot, except as provided in Section 2.02 and Section 3.12 herein, and each director
so elected shall hold office until such directors successor is elected and qualified or until such directors earlier death,
resignation or removal. Directors need not be stockholders.

(b) Subject to the rights of the holders
of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specific circumstances, directors shall be elected by a plurality
of the votes of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to
vote on the election of directors.

Section 3.03. Quorum and Manner of
Acting. Unless the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws require a greater number, a majority of the total

number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business, and the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of
the Board of Directors. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need
not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At
the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If
a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors the directors present thereat shall adjourn the meeting, from time
to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 3.04. Time and Place of Meetings. The
Board of Directors shall hold its meetings at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time as may be determined
from time to time by the Board of Directors (or the Chairman in the absence of a determination by the Board of Directors).

Section 3.05. Annual Meeting. The
Board of Directors shall meet for the purpose of organization, the election of officers and the transaction of other business, as soon
as practicable after each annual meeting of stockholders, on the same day and at the same place where such annual meeting shall be held. Notice
of such meeting need not be given. In the event such annual meeting is not so held, the annual meeting of the Board of Directors
may be held at such place either within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as shall be specified in a notice
thereof given as hereinafter provided in Section 3.07 herein or in a waiver of notice thereof signed by any director who chooses to waive
the requirement of notice.

Section 3.06. Regular Meetings. After
the place and time of regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall have been determined and notice thereof shall have been once given
to each member of the Board of Directors, regular meetings may be held without further notice being given.

Section 3.07. Special Meetings. Special
meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board or the President and shall be called by the Chairman of
the Board, President or Secretary on the written request of three directors. Notice of special meetings of the Board of Directors
shall be given to each director at least three days before the date of the meeting in such manner as is determined by the Board of Directors.

Section 3.08. Committees. The
Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The
Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at
any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present
at any meeting and not

disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute
a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified
member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise
all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize
the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority
in reference to any of the following matters: (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other
than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by Delaware Law to be submitted to the stockholders for approval or (b)
adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and
report the same to the Board of Directors when required.

Section 3.09. Action by Consent. Unless
otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting
of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or committee, as the
case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions,
are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are
maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Section 3.10. Telephonic Meetings. Unless
otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated
by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or such committee, as the case may be, by means of
conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other,
and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 3.11. Resignation. Any
director may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary
of the Corporation. The resignation of any director shall take effect upon receipt of notice thereof or at such later time
as shall be specified in such notice; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary
to make it effective.

Section 3.12. Vacancies. Unless
otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized
number of directors elected by all the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors
then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Whenever the holders of any class or classes
of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the certificate of incorporation,

vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes
or series may be filled by a majority of directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining
director so elected. Each director so chosen shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until
his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be
held in accordance with Delaware Law. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, when one or more directors
shall resign from the Board, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office shall have the power to fill such
vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director
so chosen shall hold office as provided in the filling of other vacancies.

Section 3.13. Removal. Any
director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote at any election of directors and the vacancies thus
created may be filled in accordance with Section 3.12 herein.

Section 3.14. Compensation. Unless
otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have authority to fix the compensation
of directors, including fees and reimbursement of expenses.

Article
4

Officers

Section 4.01. Principal Officers. The
principal officers of the Corporation shall be a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary who shall have the
duty, among other things, to record the proceedings of the meetings of stockholders and directors in a book kept for that purpose. The
Corporation may also have such other principal officers, including one or more Controllers, as the Board may in its discretion appoint. One
person may hold the offices and perform the duties of any two or more of said offices, except that no one person shall hold the offices
and perform the duties of President and Secretary.

Section 4.02. Election, Term of Office
and Remuneration. The principal officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the
annual meeting thereof. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his
or her earlier death, resignation or removal. The remuneration of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board
of Directors. Any vacancy in any office shall be filled in such manner as the Board of Directors shall determine.

Section 4.03. Subordinate Officers. In
addition to the principal officers enumerated in Section 4.01 herein, the Corporation may have one or more Assistant Treasurers, Assistant
Secretaries and Assistant Controllers and such other subordinate officers, agents and employees as the Board of Directors may deem necessary,
each of whom shall hold office for such period as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The Board of Directors
may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to remove any such subordinate officers, agents or employees.

Section 4.04. Removal. Except
as otherwise permitted with respect to subordinate officers, any officer may be removed, with or without cause, at any time, by resolution
adopted by the Board of Directors.

Section 4.05. Resignations. Any
officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors (or to a principal officer if the Board of Directors
has delegated to such principal officer the power to appoint and to remove such officer). The resignation of any officer shall
take effect upon receipt of notice thereof or at such later time as shall be specified in such notice; and unless otherwise specified
therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 4.06. Powers and Duties. The
officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and perform such duties incident to each of their respective offices and such other
duties as may from time to time be conferred upon or assigned to them by the Board of Directors.

Article
5

Capital Stock

Section 5.01. Certificates For Stock;
Uncertificated Shares. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors
of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated
shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to
the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares and
the rights and obligations of the holders of shares represented by certificates of the same class and series shall be identical. Every
holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of, the Corporation by any
two authorized officers of the Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of
the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose
facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate
is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person

were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. A
Corporation shall not have power to issue a certificate in bearer form. 

Section 5.02. Transfer Of Shares. Shares
of the stock of the Corporation may be transferred on the record of stockholders of the Corporation by the holder thereof or by such holders
duly authorized attorney upon surrender of a certificate therefor properly endorsed or upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from
the registered holder of uncertificated shares or by such holders duly authorized attorney and upon compliance with appropriate
procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form, unless waived by the Corporation.

Section 5.03. Authority for Additional
Rules Regarding Transfer. The Board of Directors shall have the power and authority to make all such rules and regulations
as they may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificated or uncertificated shares of the stock of the
Corporation, as well as for the issuance of new certificates in lieu of those which may be lost or destroyed, and may require of any stockholder
requesting replacement of lost or destroyed certificates, bond in such amount and in such form as they may deem expedient to indemnify
the Corporation, and/or the transfer agents, and/or the registrars of its stock against any claims arising in connection therewith.

Article
6

General Provisions

Section 6.01. Fixing the Record Date. (a)In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the
record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date
of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled
to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice
is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A
determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of
the meeting; provided that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

(b) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board
of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted
by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date
is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for

determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in
writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by Delaware Law, shall be the first date on which
a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered
office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings
of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior
action by the Board of Directors is required by Delaware Law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate
action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution
taking such prior action.

(c) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the
purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which
the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If
no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day
on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 6.02. Dividends. Subject
to limitations contained in Delaware Law and the certificate of incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare and pay dividends upon
the shares of capital stock of the Corporation, which dividends may be paid either in cash, in property or in shares of the capital stock
of the Corporation.

Section 6.03. Year. The
fiscal year of the Corporation shall commence on January 1 and end on December 31 of each year.

Section 6.04. Corporate Seal. The
corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words Corporate Seal,
Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed, affixed or otherwise reproduced.

Section 6.05. Voting of Stock Owned
by the Corporation. The Board of Directors may authorize any person, on behalf of the Corporation, to attend, vote at and
grant proxies to be used at any meeting of stockholders of any corporation (except this Corporation) in which the Corporation may hold
stock.

Section 6.06. Amendments. These
bylaws or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, or new bylaws may be made, by the stockholders entitled to

vote thereon at any annual or special meeting thereof or by the Board
of Directors.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dp227636_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Paychex Completes Acquisition of Paycor

Deal strengthens Paychexs upmarket
position, unlocks new revenue channels, and expands strategic footprint and capabilities 

Rochester, N.Y. (April 14, 2025) Paychex, Inc. (Nasdaq:
PAYX) (Paychex), an industry-leading human capital management (HCM) company, today announced the successful completion of
its acquisition of Paycor HCM, Inc. (Nasdaq: PYCR) (Paycor), a leading provider of HCM, payroll and talent software.

The Paycor acquisition unites two industry leaders with unrivaled
AI-enabled technology supported by world-class service and advisory capabilities, said John Gibson, Paychex president and CEO.
Together, we are reimagining how companies address the needs of todays workforce with the most comprehensive, flexible,
and innovative HCM solutions in the industry. Our combined offerings empower leaders in organizations of any size, in any segment, and
at any stage. Our customers will benefit from more choice, more expertise, and more flexibility than ever before.

This transaction strengthens our competitive position upmarket,
unlocks new revenue opportunities, and positions us for sustainable long-term growth, Gibson added. Our integration strategy
will prioritize accelerating sales expansion and product innovation to drive our growth. We warmly welcome the talented Paycor team and
look forward to leveraging their strengths to realize the full potential of this opportunity.

Transaction Highlights

All-cash acquisition of 100% of Paycor for $22.50 per share, representing
approximately $4.1 billion of enterprise value

Combined offering will be the most comprehensive HCM portfolio in the industry,
enabling Paychex to better meet the needs of new and existing customers across all market segments

Expected annual cost synergies of more than $80 million in fiscal 2026 and
substantial revenue synergy opportunities over the next several years

Expected
to be accretive to adjusted diluted EPS in fiscal 20261

Paychex remains committed to maintaining its dividend policy and strong balance
sheet 

Advisors

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC served as the exclusive financial advisor
to Paychex, and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP served as legal advisor to Paychex. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC served as the exclusive
financial advisor to Paycor, and Kirkland & Ellis LLP served as legal advisor to Paycor.

1 Adjusted diluted
earnings per share (EPS) is not a U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) measure. Refer to our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of these measures.

About Paychex

Paychex, Inc. (Nasdaq: PAYX) is the digitally driven HR leader that is reimagining how companies address
the needs of todays workforce with the most comprehensive, flexible, and innovative HCM solutions for organizations of all sizes.
Offering a full spectrum of HR advisory and employee solutions, Paychex pays 1 out of every 11 American private sector workers and is
raising the bar in HCM for nearly 800,000 customers in the U.S. and Europe. Every member of the Paychex team is committed to fulfilling
the companys purpose of helping businesses succeed. Visit paychex.com to learn more. 

Contacts

Paychex Investor Relations: Paychex Media Inquiries:

Rachel White, Director, Investor Relations Tracy Volkmann

Phil Nicosia, Manager, Investor Relations Manager, Public Relations

(800) 828-4411 (585) 387-6705

investors@paychex.com tvolkmann@paychex.com

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Certain written statements in this press release
may contain, and members of management may from time to time make or discuss statements which constitute, "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
can be identified by such words and phrases as "expect," "outlook," "will," guidance," "projections,"
"strategy," "mission," "anticipate," "believe," "can," "could," "design,"
"look forward," "may," "possible," "potential," "should" and other similar words or
phrases. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, all matters that are not historical facts. Examples of forward-looking
statements include, among others, statements we make regarding operating performance, events, or developments that we expect or anticipate
will occur in the future, including statements relating to our outlook, revenue growth, earnings, earnings-per-share growth, and similar
projections. 

Forward-looking statements are neither historical
facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions regarding
the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy, and other future conditions.
Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to known and unknown uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances,
and other factors that are difficult to predict, many of which are outside our control. Our actual performance and outcomes, including
without limitation, our actual results and financial condition, may differ materially from those indicated in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results
and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following:

our ability to keep pace with changes in technology
or provide timely enhancements to our solutions and support; 

software defects, undetected errors, and development
delays for our solutions;

the possibility of cyberattacks, security vulnerabilities
or Internet disruptions, including data security and privacy leaks, and data loss and business interruptions;

the possibility of failure of our business continuity
plan during a catastrophic event;

the failure of third-party service providers to
perform their functions;

2

the possibility that we may be exposed to additional
risks related to our co-employment relationship with our PEO business;

changes in health insurance and workers
compensation insurance rates and underlying claim trends;

risks related to acquisitions and the integration
of the businesses we acquire, including risks related to the integration of Paycor;

our clients failure to reimburse us for
payments made by us on their behalf;

the effect of changes in government regulations
mandating the amount of tax withheld or the timing of remittances;

our failure to comply with covenants in our debt
agreements;

changes in governmental regulations, laws, and
policies;

our ability to comply with U.S. and foreign laws
and regulations;

our compliance with data privacy and artificial
intelligence laws and regulations;

our failure to protect our intellectual property
rights;

potential outcomes related to pending or future
litigation matters;

the impact of macroeconomic factors on the U.S.
and global economy, and in particular on our small- and medium-sized business clients;

volatility in the political and economic environment,
including inflation and interest rate changes;

our ability to attract and retain qualified people;
and

the possible effects of negative publicity on
our reputation and the value of our brand.

Any of these factors, as well as such other factors
as discussed in our SEC filings, could cause our actual results to differ materially from our anticipated results. The information provided
in this document is based upon the facts and circumstances known as of the date of this press release, and any forward-looking statements
made by us in this document speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to
update these forward-looking statements after the date of issuance of this press release to reflect events or circumstances after such
date, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pycr-20250414.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pycr-20250414_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pycr-20250414_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 14, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --06-30

Entity File Number 001-40640

Entity Registrant Name PAYCOR HCM, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001839439

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-1813909

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4811 Montgomery Road

Entity Address, City or Town Cincinnati

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 45212

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 381-0053

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol PYCR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://paycor.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dp227636_8k.htm 
pycr-20250414.xsd 
pycr-20250414_lab.xml 
pycr-20250414_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000950103-25-004791-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>dp227636_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001839439 

2025-04-14 
2025-04-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--06-30 
0001839439 
8-K 
2025-04-14 
PAYCOR HCM, INC. 
DE 
001-40640 
83-1813909 
4811 Montgomery Road 
Cincinnati 
OH 
45212 
800 
381-0053 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
PYCR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>