<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950103-25-003365.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0000950103-25-003365.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313111928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-25-003365
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K15D5
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Spirit Airlines, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001498710
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				381747023
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K15D5
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-276992
		FILM NUMBER:		25734436

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1731 RADIANT DRIVE
		CITY:			DANIA BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-447-7920

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1731 RADIANT DRIVE
		CITY:			DANIA BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33004
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K15D5
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dp226079_8k15d5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K15D5
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-3100014987108-K15D5Spirit Airlines, Inc.00014987102025-03-122025-03-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 12, 2025

Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 333-276992 33-3711797

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

1731 Radiant Drive

Dania Beach, Florida33004

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(954) 447-7920 

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Explanatory Note

As previously disclosed, on November 18, 2024,
Spirit Airlines, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Former Spirit), and subsequently on November 25, 2024, its subsidiaries (such
subsidiaries, each a Debtor, collectively with Former Spirit, the Debtors), filed voluntary petitions for
relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York
(the Bankruptcy Court). The Debtors chapter 11 cases (the Chapter 11 Cases) were jointly administered
for procedural purposes only under case number 24-11988 (SHL).

As also previously disclosed, on November 26,
2024, the Debtors filed a pre-arranged chapter 11 plan of reorganization and the related disclosure statement (including all appendices,
exhibits, schedules, and supplements thereto, and as altered, amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
therewith, the Plan or the Disclosure Statement, respectively).

On February 20, 2025, the Bankruptcy Court entered
an order confirming the Plan (the Confirmation Order).

On March 12, 2025 (the Effective Date),
the Debtors satisfied the remaining conditions precedent to consummation of the Plan as set forth in the Plan, the Plan became effective
in accordance with its terms and the Debtors emerged from chapter 11.

In connection with the satisfaction of the conditions
to effectiveness as set forth in the Confirmation Order and in the Plan, Former Spirit completed a corporate reorganization (the Corporate
Reorganization) pursuant to which Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Spirit or the Company)
became the new parent company of the Debtors, with Former Spirit becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Spirit and
converted from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited liability company.

On March 12, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the consummation of the Plan and emergence from chapter 11 on the Effective Date. A copy of the press release is furnished
as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. The information contained in Exhibit 99.1 shall not be deemed to be filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and shall not be incorporated
by reference into any filings made by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or
the Exchange Act, except as may be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed
by the Company as the initial report of the Company to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and as notice
that the Company is the successor issuer to Former Spirit under Rule 15d-5 under the Exchange Act. As a result, the Company is deemed
subject to the informational requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
and in accordance therewith will file reports and other information with the Commission. The first periodic report to be filed by the
Company with the Commission will be its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2025.

The foregoing descriptions of the Confirmation
Order and the Plan do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of each of the Confirmation
Order, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1, and the Plan, which is attached as Exhibit A to the Confirmation Order, each of which
are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Exit Revolving Credit Facility

On the Effective Date, Former Spirit entered into
that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the Exit Revolving Credit Agreement), by and among Former
Spirit, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto (the Exit Revolving Credit Lenders), Citibank, N.A., as
administrative agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association as collateral agent, pursuant to which the Exit Revolving Credit Lenders
agreed to provide Spirit a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to $300.0 million (the Exit Revolving Credit Facility).
The Exit Revolving Credit Facility constitutes Former Spirits senior secured obligations and is guaranteed by each of Former Spirits
direct and indirect subsidiaries. In addition, in connection with the Corporate Reorganization, Spirit became a guarantor under the Exit
Revolving Credit Agreement. As of the Effective Date, the Exit Revolving Credit Facility was undrawn and had available capacity of $275.0 million.

The Exit Revolving Credit Facility is secured
by first-priority and second-priority security interests and liens on certain of Former Spirits and its subsidiaries assets.
The Exit Revolving Credit Facility will mature on March 12, 2028.

Subject to certain exceptions and conditions,
Spirit will be obligated to prepay or offer to prepay, as the case may be, all or a portion of the obligations under the Exit Revolving
Credit Facility with the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales or with cash from its balance sheet in order to remain in compliance
with a collateral coverage ratio and concentration limits, in connection with a change of control and in connection with certain mergers
with other airlines. The revolving loans borrowed under the Exit Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at a variable rate per annum
equal to Spirits choice of (i) Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Exit Revolving Credit Agreement) plus 3.25% per annum or (ii)
Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the Exit Revolving Credit Agreement) plus 2.25% per annum.

The Exit Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary
covenants that, among other things, restrict Former Spirits ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things,
create certain liens on the collateral, sell or otherwise dispose of the collateral and consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose
of all or substantially all of Former Spirits and its subsidiaries assets.

The foregoing description summarizes the material
terms and provisions of the Exit Revolving Credit Agreement. Such description is qualified by reference to the Exit Revolving Credit Agreement,
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Exit Secured Notes

On the Effective Date, certain subsidiaries of
Former Spirit (the Co-Issuers) issued $840.0 million in aggregate principal amount of PIK toggle senior secured notes due
2030 (the 2030 Notes). The 2030 Notes were issued in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers
(as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) and to institutional accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D
of the Securities Act) and outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S. The 2030 Notes are the Co-Issuers
senior secured obligations and are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Former Spirit and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries
existing on the Effective Date or subsequently acquired and/or formed subsidiaries. In addition, in connection with the Corporate Reorganization,
Spirit became a guarantor of the 2030 Notes. The 2030 Notes are secured by second-priority liens on certain Exit Revolving Credit Facility
priority collateral, and a first-priority lien on all other collateral. The 2030 Notes will mature on March 12, 2030, subject to earlier
repurchase or redemption in accordance with the terms of the Indenture (as defined below). The 2030 Notes bear interest, at the option
of Former Spirit, (i) at 12.00% per annum, of which 8.00% per annum shall be payable in cash and 4.00% per annum shall be payable in-kind
or (ii) at 11.00% per annum payable in cash, in each case, in arrears on a quarterly basis. Interest is calculated on the basis of a 360-day
year composed of twelve 30-day months.

On or before March 12, 2027, the 2030 Notes are
redeemable by the Co-Issuers, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.00% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes redeemed,
plus a make-whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption.

At any time after March 12, 2027 but on or prior
to March 12, 2028, Former Spirit may redeem the 2030 Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the 2030 Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus a 6.0% premium. Thereafter, Former Spirit
may redeem the 2030 Notes in whole or in part, at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) at any time
on or prior to the date that is ninety (90) days after the Effective Date, the Co-Issuers may redeem the 2030 Notes, at their option,
in whole, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to
the redemption date, plus an 8.0% premium and (y) upon or after the consummation of certain transactions involving acquisitions by a publicly
traded airline, the Co-Issuers may redeem the 2030 Notes at their option, in whole, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the 2030 Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus an amount equal to the lesser of (A)
a 4.0% premium and (B) the then-applicable redemption premium.

The 2030 Notes and guarantees were issued pursuant
to an indenture by and among Former Spirit, the Co-Issuers, the subsidiary guarantors and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee
(the Trustee) and collateral custodian, referred to herein as the Indenture. The Indenture contains customary covenants
that, among other things, restrict Former Spirits ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things, make restricted
payments, incur additional indebtedness, create certain liens on the collateral, sell or otherwise dispose of the collateral, engage in
certain transactions with affiliates and consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of Former Spirits
and its subsidiaries assets.

In connection with the Corporate Reorganization,
Spirit entered into a supplemental indenture (the Supplemental Indenture), by and among the Co-Issuers, Spirit and the Trustee,
to the Indenture pursuant to which Spirit guaranteed the 2030 Notes.

The foregoing description summarizes the material
terms and provisions of the Indenture, the 2030 Notes and the Supplemental Indenture. Such description is qualified by reference to the
Indenture, the 2030 Notes and the Supplemental Indenture, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 and are incorporated
herein by reference.

Warrants

In connection with our emergence from the Chapter
11 Cases, on the Effective Date, we entered into warrant agreements with Equiniti Trust Company, LLC as warrant agent (the Warrant
Agreements) pursuant to which we issued an aggregate of 24,255,256 Warrants (the Warrants) for the Companys
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), to certain specified investors. Each Warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one share of Common Stock for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant. As holders exercise their
Warrants from time to time, we will issue additional shares of Common Stock to such holders, which will result in dilution to the existing
holders of Common Stock and increase the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Because of the significant number of
Warrants outstanding, such dilution may be substantial.

Duration and Exercise Price. Each Warrant
has an initial exercise price equal to $0.0001 per share of Common Stock. Certain of the Warrants are immediately exercisable, and certain
of the Warrants are exercisable at any time after the date on which the Common Stock is first listed on a securities exchange. Once exercisable,
all Warrants may be exercised at any time until such Warrants are exercised in full, except that the Non-U.S. Citizen Warrants (as defined
below) may be exercised at any time from and after the date the Common Stock is first listed on a national securities exchange or market
and are not exercisable prior to such time. The exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise are subject to appropriate
proportional adjustment in the event of certain dividends, subdivisions or combinations of our Common Stock, or similar events affecting
our Common Stock and the exercise price.

Exercisability. A holder may not exercise
any portion of its Warrants to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates and any other persons acting as a group together
with any such persons, would own more than 9.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after exercise (the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. Upon not less than sixty-one (61) days advance
written notice, at any time or from time to time, the holder in its sole discretion, may waive the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. However,
under any circumstance, the holder may not exercise the Warrant if such exercise would cause such holders beneficial ownership
(as defined by Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) of the Common Stock of the Company to exceed 19.9% of its total issued and outstanding
Common Stock.

Cashless Exercise. The Warrants may also
be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the holder shall be entitled to
receive upon such exercise (either in whole or in part) the net number of shares of Common Stock determined according to a formula set
forth in the Warrant Agreements.

Fractional Shares. No fractional
shares of Common Stock will be issued upon the exercise of the Warrants and no cash will be distributed in lieu of the issuance of
such fractional shares. If more than one Warrant is presented for exercise in full at the same time by the same holder, the full
number of shares of Common Stock that will be issuable upon the exercise thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock purchasable on exercise of the Warrants so presented. If any fraction of a share of Common Stock or
other security deliverable upon proper exercise of the Warrant (a "Warrant Share") would, except pursuant to the Warrant, be
issuable on the exercise of any Warrants (or specified portion thereof), as applicable, such Warrant Share shall be rounded
up to the next highest whole number.

Transferability. Subject to applicable
laws, a Warrant may be transferred at the option of the holder upon surrender of the Warrant to us together with the appropriate instruments
of transfer and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon such transfer.

Trading Market. There is no trading market
available for the Warrants on any securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system. We do not intend to list the Warrants on
any securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system.

Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise
provided in the Warrants or by virtue of such holders ownership of shares of Common Stock, the holders of the Warrants do not have
the rights or privileges of holders of our Common Stock, including any voting rights, until they exercise their Warrants.

Fundamental Transaction. In the event of
a fundamental transaction, as described in the Warrants and generally including any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
of our shares of Common Stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our properties or assets, our consolidation
or merger with or into another person, the holders of the Warrants will be entitled to receive upon exercise of the Warrants the kind
and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would have received had they exercised the Warrants immediately prior
to such fundamental transaction.

Rights to Dividends and Distributions on Common
Stock. Holders of the Warrants (other than the Non-U.S. Citizen Warrants) are entitled to dividends and other distributions on Common
Stock that such holder would have received had the Warrants been exercised. Such distributions to holders of Warrants will be made simultaneously
with the distribution to holders of Common Stock.

In addition, the Warrant Agreement governing certain
Warrants initially issued to persons who are non-U.S. citizens (such Warrant Agreement, the Non-U.S. Citizen Warrant Agreement
and such Warrants, the Non-U.S. Citizen Warrants) provides that the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such
Non-U.S. Citizen Warrants shall be subject to the limitations on ownership by non-U.S. citizens as set forth in the Charter (as defined
below).

Exchange Rights of Holders of Non-U.S. Citizen
Warrants. Holders of Non-U.S. Citizen Warrants may exchange such Non-U.S. Citizen Warrants for substantially similar Warrants with
certain additional rights in accordance with the Warrant Agreements.

The foregoing description summarizes the material
terms and provisions of the Warrant Agreements and Warrants. Such description is qualified by reference to the Warrant Agreements, copies
of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.4 and 4.5 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Registration Rights Agreement

On the Effective Date, holders of our Common Stock
who were party to our Backstop Commitment Agreement became party to the Registration Rights Agreement and are entitled to rights with
respect to the registration of certain of their shares under the Securities Act.

Listing

The Company will be required to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date, (i) cause the Common Stock to be registered under Section
12(b) of the Exchange Act and (ii) obtain a listing of the Common Stock on a National Securities Exchange (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement).

S-1 Shelf Registration

The Company will be required to use
its commercially reasonable efforts to, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date, register on a shelf registration statement
on Form S-1 (the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement) all of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement). The S-1 Shelf Registration Statement will provide for offerings on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415.

S-3 Shelf Registration

The Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to convert the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (an S-3 Shelf Registration
Statement, together with the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement, each a Shelf Registration Statement)
for an offering on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company is eligible
to use Form S-3.

Shelf Takedown

If requested by any Holder (as defined in the
Registration Rights Agreement) or group of Holders whose Registrable Securities are included in such Shelf Registration Statement, which
collectively hold (together with their Affiliates (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) at least ten percent (10%) of the
then-outstanding Registrable Securities, the Company will be required to conduct a shelf takedown off of the applicable Shelf Registration
Statement, covering the shares of Registrable Securities requested by such holders (a Shelf Take-Down Notice). Such holders
may specify the type of offering to be covered by the Shelf Take-Down Notice, such as an underwritten offering or registered block trade.
The Company shall not be required to effect more than three shelf takedowns in any twelve-month period for all holders and only if the
gross proceeds of any individual offering is reasonably expected to exceed $35 million.

Piggyback Rights

Each Holder of Registrable Securities who holds
at least 3% of the then-outstanding Common Stock has the right to include its Common Stock each time (i) the Company conducts an offering
pursuant to a Shelf Take-Down Notice (other than a registered block trade); (ii) the Company conducts an offering pursuant to a sale or
resale in any offering off an existing registration statement other than a shelf take-down conducted pursuant to a Shelf Take-Down Notice;
or (iii) proposes for any reason to register any of its Common Stock under the Securities Act, whether for the Companys own account
or for the account of one or more holders, subject to customary exceptions (such as registrations on Form S-4 or Form S-8).

Other Provisions

The Registration Rights Agreement contains customary
provisions relating to the registration procedures to be followed by the Company, indemnification obligations, delay and suspension rights,
selection of underwriters, priority, cutbacks, lock-ups (to the extent requested by an applicable underwriter) and payment of expenses
of registrations by the Company (including reasonable fees, charges and expenses of counsel for the Holders, all fees and disbursements
of underwriters customarily paid by the issuer of securities but excluding brokers commissions or underwriting discounts and commissions
and transfer taxes).

The foregoing description of the Registration
Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Registration Rights Agreement, which
is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement

Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, on the Effective
Date, the obligations of Former Spirit and the other Debtors under the following agreements were cancelled:

Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2020, by and among Spirit IP Cayman Ltd., Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd., the guarantors named therein
and Wilmington Trust, National Association (Wilmington), as trustee and collateral custodian, as amended as amended by that
certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 17, 2022, as further amended by that Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as
of November 25, 2024, and the approximately $1,110.0 million aggregate principal amount of Spirit IP Cayman Ltd.s and Spirit Loyalty
Cayman Ltd.s 8.00% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 issued thereunder.

Indenture, dated as of May 12, 2020, between Former Spirit and Wilmington, as trustee, as amended by that certain First Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of May 12, 2020, as further amended by that certain Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 30, 2021, and
the approximately $25.1 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of Former Spirits 4.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025
and the approximately $500.0 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of Former Spirits 1.00% Convertible Senior Notes due
2026 issued thereunder.

Cancellation of Prior Equity Securities

In accordance with the Plan, on the Effective
Date, all equity securities in Former Spirit outstanding prior to the Effective Date, including Former Spirits common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share (the Old Common Stock), were canceled, released, and extinguished, and are of no further force or
effect without any need for a holder of Old Common Stock to take further action with respect thereto. Furthermore, all of Former Spirits
equity award agreements under any incentive plan, and the awards granted pursuant thereto, were extinguished, canceled, and discharged
and have no further force or effect.

Termination of DIP Facility

As previously
disclosed, Former Spirit and certain lenders and note purchasers (collectively, the DIP Lenders) agreed to enter into an
approximately $300.0 million senior secured super-priority debtor-in-possession facility (the DIP Facility). On the Effective
Date, the DIP Facility was repaid in full in cash and terminated.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The information contained in Item 1.01 above is
incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

On the Effective Date, in connection with
our emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases and in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
provided by Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, we issued 7,618,683 shares of Common Stock and 5,203,899 Warrants to equitize the
$410 million of outstanding Senior Secured Notes and $385 million of outstanding Convertible Notes.

In addition, on the Effective Date, in connection
with the Companys emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases and in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements of the Securities
Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation S under the Securities Act, based in part on representations made
by these certain parties to the Backstop Commitment Agreement, we issued 678,587 shares of Common Stock and 5,670,853 Warrants to specified
parties to the Backstop Commitment Agreement dated November 18, 2024. An aggregate of 3,849,442 of such shares of Common Stock and such Warrants were issued for aggregate consideration of $53,892,188.

Furthermore, on the Effective Date, in connection
with our emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases and in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
provided by Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, we closed the equity rights offering that was launched on December 30, 2024 of equity
securities of the Company (Equity Rights Offering). Pursuant to the Equity Rights Offering, 7,770,054 shares of Common
Stock and 13,380,504 Warrants were issued to participants, for aggregate consideration of $296,107,812.

The information contained in Item 1.01 under the
heading Warrants is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders

The information contained in the Explanatory Note,
Item 1.02 above under the subheading Cancellation of Prior Equity Securities and Item 5.03 below is incorporated by reference
into this Item 3.03.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant

The information set forth in the Explanatory Note,
Item 3.02 and Item 5.02 is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. The information under Item 1.03 to Former Spirits Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 21, 2025, is also incorporated by reference herein.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain
Officers

Board of Directors

In accordance with the Plan, on the Effective
Date, Mark B. Dunkerley, H. McIntyre Garden, Robert D. Johnson, Barclay G. Jones III, Christine P. Richards, Myrna M. Soto and Richard
Wallman ceased to be members of Former Spirits board of directors. On the Effective Date, the members of the Companys board
of directors (the Board) were appointed in accordance with the Plan and the Confirmation Order. As of the Effective Date,
the Board consists of the following directors:

Edward M. Christie, III, 54. Mr. Christie has
been a member of our board of directors since January 2018 and has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2019.
Prior to that, Mr. Christie served as our President from October 2018 to December 2018, and as our President and Chief Financial Officer
from January 2018 to October 2018. From January 2017 to December 2017, he served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
From April 2012 to December 2016, Mr. Christie served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Spirit,
Mr. Christie served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pinnacle Airlines Corp. from July 2011 to March 2012. Prior to that,
Mr. Christie was a partner in the management consulting firm of Vista Strategic Group LLC from May 2010 to July 2011. Mr. Christie served
in various positions from 2002 to 2010 at Frontier Airlines, including as Chief Financial Officer from June 2008 to January 2010, as Senior
Vice President, Finance from February 2008 to June 2008, as Vice President, Finance from May 2007 to February 2008, and before that in
several positions, including Corporate Financial Administrator, Director of Corporate Financial Planning, and Senior Director of Corporate
Financial Planning and Treasury. Since November 2023, Mr. Christie has served on the board of directors of Encompass Health Corporation.

Robert A. Milton, 64. Mr. Milton is an experienced
independent director with wide-ranging experience in the aviation industry. Mr. Milton currently is the lead director of Air Lease Corporation.
Mr. Milton served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ACE Aviation Holdings, Inc., a holding company for Air Canada and other aviation
interests (ACE) from 2004 to 2012, and served as Chairman of Air Canada from 2004 until 2007. Mr. Milton served as President
and Chief Executive Officer of Air Canada from 1999 until 2004, and prior to that served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer of Air Canada. Mr. Milton is the former non-executive chairman of United Continental Holdings, Inc. and also is a former director
of Breeze Aviation Group, Inc. (the holding company of Breeze Airways), Cathay Pacific Airways Limited, US Airways, Inc., AirAsia Bhd,
and TAP Portugal. Mr. Milton is a trustee of the Georgia Tech Foundation and a Director (Emeritus) of the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum,
and previously served as Chair of the International Air Transport Associations Board of Governors. Mr. Milton has a Bachelor of
Science in Industrial Management from the Georgia Institute of Technology.

David N. Siegel, 63. Mr. Siegel has served as
a Senior Aviation Advisor at Apollo Global Management since 2017. As part of his advisory role, he serves as Chairman of Atlas Airlines
World-Wide and was previously Chairman of Sun Country Airlines. He is also currently Chairman of Volotea Airlines, S.A. and Swissport
International, AG. Previously, Mr. Siegel served as the turnaround CEO of several aviation companies including: AWAS (aircraft leasing);
Frontier Airlines; XOJET (business aviation); US Airways Group; and Continental Express. Mr. Seigel was also Chairman and CEO of Gategroup
AG. In addition to his aviation experience, Mr. Siegel was also Chairman of Genesis Park Acquisition Corp. and Chairman and CEO of Avis-Budget
Group. Mr. Siegel earned an M.B.A., with honors, from the Harvard Business School and an Sc.B., magna cum laude, in Applied Mathematics-Economics
from Brown University.

Timothy Bernlohr, 65. Mr. Bernlohr is the founder
and managing member of TJB Management Consulting, LLC, which specializes in providing project specific consulting services to businesses
in transformation, including in and out of court restructurings, wind downs, interim executive management, and strategic planning services.
He founded the consultancy in 2004. Mr. Bernlohr is a recognized expert in executive compensation and corporate governance and has served
as Chairman of over 40 compensation committees. He is also the former President and CEO of RBX Industries, Inc., which was a leader in
the design, manufacture, and marketer of rubber and plastic materials to the automotive, building materials, and aviation markets. RBX
was sold to multiple buyers in 2004 and 2005. Prior to joining RBX in 1997, Mr. Bernlohr spent 16 years in the international
and industry products division of Armstrong World Industries, Inc. in a variety of management positions. Mr. Bernlohr presently serves
in the following corporate governance capacities: Chairman of the board of directors of Lumileds BV, an international manufacturer of
LED lighting solutions for the automotive and general illumination markets; and Director and Chairman of the compensation committees of
Smurfit Westrock, (SW, NYSE) an international manufacturer, marketer, and recycler of corrugated packaging materials and specialty paper,
and International Seaways, Inc., (INSW, NYSE) an international shipper of crude oil and petroleum products. Within the prior five years
Mr. Bernlohr has served as chairman of the board or compensation committee chair of WestRock Company, F-45 Training, Inc., Champion Homes,
Inc., and Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc., all public companies. Mr. Bernlohr is a graduate of Pennsylvania State University.

Eugene I. Davis, 70. Mr. Davis is the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of PIRINATE Consulting Group, LLC. Since founding the firm in 1999, Mr. Davis has managed numerous debtor
and creditor side pre- and post-restructuring assignments involving businesses in various industries, including: Aviation and Airlines;
Automotive; Consumer Products; Retail & Cataloguing; Financial Services; Healthcare & Medical Technology; Industrial Materials;
Manufacturing & Distribution; Media & Entertainment; Power, Energy, Oil, Gas & Mining; Publishing; Real Estate; Technology;
Telecommunications; and Transportation / Logistics. Mr. Davis has handled over 300 international assignments covering jurisdictions spanning
Europe, the Americas, Africa, Asia, and Oceania. Mr. Davis work aims to generate investor returns through various monetization
strategies, including sale, divestiture, merger, IPO, leveraged recapitalization, or a combination thereof. Prior to founding PIRINATE
Consulting, Mr. Davis set up, reorganized, operated, and managed companies in over 50 countries. Notable assignments included Mr. Davis
serving as Chief Operating Officer of Total-Tel Communications, Inc., Vice Chairman and CEO of Sport Supply Group, Inc. and Vice Chairman
and President of Emerson Radio Corporation (all public companies). In each of these cases, Mr. Davis led a team that restructured the
relevant Companys balance sheet (inside and outside of bankruptcy proceedings) while designing and implementing new strategic and
tactical plans that successfully enhanced shareholder value. Mr. Davis also practiced law as Partner/Shareholder & Head of Corporate
& Securities Practice for Holmes, Millard & Duncan, P.C., in Dallas, Texas; as Partner at Arter & Hadden in Dallas, Texas;
and as an Associate at Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld in Dallas, Texas, where he specialized in corporate and securities, oil and
gas, and restructuring law and was involved in numerous public and private debt and equity securities offerings, asset-based financing
transactions, debt restructurings, and domestic and international acquisitions. Prior to this, Mr. Davis was an international negotiator
for Amoco (Standard Oil of Indiana).

Andrea Fischer Newman, 66. Ms. Newman is a distinguished
professional with a multifaceted career spanning law, government, and corporate leadership. Since 2021, Ms. Newman has served as a Director
for StandardAero, one of the worlds leading independent maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) providers. She also serves on the
Boards of two private equity backed companies: Prime Flight Aviation, providing aviation services to passenger, cargo, general aviation
and airports, which she joined in November 2017; and Sequitur Energy Resources LLC, an independent oil producer with assets primarily
in the Southern Midland Basin, in West Texas, which she joined in 2018. Ms. Newman served as Senior Vice President Government
Affairs for Delta Air Lines from 2008-2017, with responsibility for International, Regulatory, Federal, State, and Local government affairs.
From 2001-2008, she was Senior Vice President Government Affairs for Northwest Airlines and helped oversee the regulatory approvals
required for the Delta-Northwest merger in 2008. Ms. Newman joined Northwest in 1995, also serving as Vice President for State & Local
Government Affairs and as an Associate General Counsel. Prior to her airline career, she was a Senior Partner at Miller, Canfield, Paddock,
and Stone, a Detroit, Michigan law firm, from 1992-1994, and Senior Counsel from 1988-1992. Ms. Newmans public service includes
serving as a member of the Federal Service Impasses Panel (Federal Labor Relations Authority) from 2002-2009 and from 2017-2021. Ms. Newman
was an elected member of the Board of Regents of the University of Michigan from 1995-2019. Ms. Newman received her J.D. from the George
Washington University National Law Center and was an honors graduate of the University of Michigan.

Radha Tilton, 45. Ms. Tilton joined General Motors
Company as Vice President, Treasurer in October 2024. Ms. Tilton is responsible for leading the companys global treasury and asset
management operations, including capital planning, capital markets, treasury operations, insurance, banking activities, and pension plans.
Prior to joining General Motors as treasurer, Ms. Tilton was a managing director in investment banking at Goldman Sachs in New York, where
she worked for over seventeen years. She held the position of Head of Transportation Structured Finance and Co-Head of Industrials Leveraged
Finance. In these roles, she was responsible for capital raising for transportation companies in the private and public capital markets
as well as from the firms own balance sheet. She was also a member of the Structured Finance Capital Committee, which reviewed
and approved financing transactions. Earlier in her career, Ms. Tilton was a research assistant at the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System in Washington, D.C., in the Monetary Affairs group. Her research focused on the intersection of financial markets, macroeconomics,
and monetary policy, and was used by the Federal Open Markets Committee to analyze and implement monetary policy decisions. Ms. Tilton
is a graduate of Wellesley College with a bachelors degree in economics and holds an MBA in analytic finance from the University
of Chicago Booth School of Business.

The directors will be subject to reelection at
the Companys next annual meeting. All directors shall hold office until the annual meeting following the meeting at which the director
was elected and until their successors are elected and qualified.

There are no transactions in which any member
of the Board has an interest that requires disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

The Board is expected to adopt a non-employee
director compensation program. As of the date hereof, the Board has not yet determined the committee assignments of the members of the
Board.

Executive Officers

In accordance with the Plan, on the Effective
Date, the following executive officers of Former Spirit were appointed as executive officers of the Company, in the following capacities:

Name Age Current Position and Office

Edward M. Christie III 54 President, Chief Executive Officer

Fred Cromer 60 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

John Bendoraitis 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

Matthew H. Klein 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer

Thomas C. Canfield 69 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Rana Ghosh 55 Senior Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer

Melinda C. Grindle 51 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

Dana Shapir Alviene 51 Senior Vice President Inflight and Airport Experience

Boris Rogoff 

51

Senior Vice President Technical Operations and Supply Chain

Rocky B. Wiggins 66 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer

Griselle Molina 49 Vice President and Controller

There are no transactions in which any of the
above officers has an interest that requires disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, and there are no
family relationships between the above officers and any of the Companys other directors or executive officers.

In connection with their appointment as officers
on the Effective Date, none of the above officers entered into any new or amended compensation agreements or arrangements with the Company.
In accordance with the Plan, on the Effective Date, the Company assumed the existing employment and compensation arrangements between
the above officers and Former Spirit, including the arrangements previously disclosed for the named executive officers of Former Spirit.

In addition, the Plan contemplates that the Board
shall, promptly after the Effective Date, adopt, in the Boards discretion, a new management incentive plan, which will provide
for the grants of equity and equity-based rewards, in an amount up to 10% of the outstanding Common Stock and Warrants on the Effective
Date.

Biographical information for Mr. Christie is included
above under the heading Board of Directors.

Fred Cromer, 60. Mr. Cromer has served as our
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since July 2024. Mr. Cromer has held various executive and corporate finance positions
throughout his three decades of experience in the aviation industry. Prior to Spirit, he served as Chief Executive Officer at Xwing, a
developer of advanced autonomy systems for aviation and defense, from July 2023 to July 2024, and was Xwings Chief Financial Officer
from October 2021 to September 2023. Before Xwing, Mr. Cromer served as President of Bombardier Commercial Aircraft from 2015 to 2020,
President of International Lease Finance Corporation from 2008 to 2015 and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ExpressJet Airlines
from 1998 to 2008.

John Bendoraitis, 61. Mr. Bendoraitis has served
as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since December 2017. From October 2013 to December 2017, he served as our
Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining Spirit, Mr. Bendoraitis served as Chief Operating Officer of Frontier
Airlines from March 2012 to October 2013. Previously, from 2008 to 2012, he served as President of Comair Airlines. From 2006 to 2008,
he served as President of Compass Airlines, where he was responsible for the certification and launch of the airline. Mr. Bendoraitis
began his aviation career in 1984 at Northwest Airlines, where over a 22-year span he worked his way up from aircraft technician to vice
president of base maintenance operations.

Matthew H. Klein, 51. Mr. Klein has served as
our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer since December 2019. From August 2016 to December 2019, he served as our Senior
Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Klein served as the Chief Commercial Officer at lastminute.com from December
2013 to December 2015 and as Vice President, Global Airline Relations at Travelocity, an online travel agency, from October 2012 to November
2013. From September 2011 to September 2012 and from January 2016 to July 2016, he worked in various consulting capacities in the travel
industry. Mr. Klein also served in various pricing, revenue management, forecasting and distribution planning positions at AirTran Airways
from September 1999 to September 2011, and in various other roles in domestic pricing at US Airways from 1995 to 1999. Mr. Klein served
on the board of the Airlines Reporting Corporation, an air travel intelligence and commerce company, from September 2010 to September
2011.

Thomas C. Canfield, 69. Mr. Canfield has served
as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since October 2007. From September 2006 to October 2007, Mr. Canfield served
as General Counsel & Secretary of Point Blank Solutions, Inc., a manufacturer of antiballistic body armor. Prior to Point Blank, from
2004 to 2007, he served as CEO and Plan Administrator of AT&T Latin America Corp., a public company formerly known as FirstCom Corporation,
which developed high-speed fiber networks in 17 Latin American cities. Mr. Canfield also served as General Counsel & Secretary at
AT&T Latin America Corp from 1999 to 2004. Previously, Mr. Canfield was Counsel in the New York office of Debevoise & Plimpton
LLP. Mr. Canfield serves on the board and on the audit and nominating and corporate governance committees of Iridium Communications Inc.,
a satellite communications company.

Rana Ghosh, 55. Mr. Ghosh has served as our Senior
Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer since June 2024, leading the strategic repositioning of the airline for future growth.
Since joining Spirit in 2015, Mr. Ghosh has held several progressive roles, most recently as Vice President of Omnichannel, Ancillary,
and Loyalty. Before joining Spirit, he held executive sales and marketing positions at Liberty Power and Direct Energy over a 13-year
span. Prior to that, Mr. Ghosh held leadership roles in customer care for CIBC Finance for seven years.

Melinda C. Grindle, 51. Ms. Grindle has served
as our Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2022. Ms. Grindle joined Spirit after 17 years of service
with UnitedHealth Group, a multinational healthcare and insurance company, where she held various roles of progressive responsibility
in Human Capital, with the last three years serving as the Chief Talent Officer of Optum, a health services and innovation company that
is part of UnitedHealth Group.

Dana Shapir Alviene, 51. Ms. Shapir Alviene has
served as our Senior Vice President, Inflight and Airport Experience since July 2024. Prior to joining Spirit, she served as Senior Vice
President of Customer Experience at Avianca from May 2023 to July 2024. Before Avianca, Ms. Shapir Alviene held multiple leadership roles
at JetBlue Airways between 2014 and 2023, including Vice President, Airports Experience. She began her aviation career in 1999 at Southwest
Airlines, where she served in key operational, customer service and leadership roles during a 14-year span with the airline.

Boris Rogoff, 51. Mr. Rogoff has served as our
Senior Vice President, Tech Ops & Supply Chain since August 2024. Mr. Rogoff has extensive background in maintenance, engineering,
and maintenance planning from his nearly three decades of experience in the aviation industry. Prior to joining Spirit, he served as Chief
Central Operation Officer at Wizz Air from September 2023 to August 2024 and Technical Director at Vueling Airlines from May 2019 to September
2023. Before that, Mr. Rogoff held multiple leadership and maintenance positions at JetBlue Airways from 2004 to 2019, including Director,
Engineering. He has also worked as an engineer for the U.S. Navy, Hamilton Sundstrand Power Systems and Boeing.

Rocky B. Wiggins, 66. Mr. Wiggins has served as
our Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since September 2016. Prior to joining Spirit, from June 2014 to September 2016,
Mr. Wiggins served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer at WestJet Airlines. From September 2011 to May 2014, he
served as Chief Information Officer at Sun Country Airlines and from September 2000 to July 2011 as Chief Information Officer of AirTran
Airways. Prior to that, he served in various information technology leadership positions at US Airways for almost 20 years.

Griselle Molina, 49. Ms. Molina has served as
our Vice President and Controller since May 2024. Previously, Ms. Molina served as our Assistant Controller and Senior Director from 2019
to May 2024, Director of Corporate Accounting from 2017 to 2019, and Director of International Reporting and Compliance Director from
2013 to 2017. Prior to joining Spirit, from 2004 to 2013, Ms. Molina served public clients in the Audit Practice at KPMG. Ms. Molina has
served as Treasurer of the Spirit Airlines Charitable Foundation since 2018.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

Pursuant to the Plan, the Company amended and
restated its certificate of incorporation (the Charter) and bylaws (the Bylaws), each of which became effective
on the Effective Date.

Description of Capital Stock

The Charter authorizes the Company to issue up
to 400,000,000 shares of Common Stock and up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share.

Common Stock

Dividend Rights. Subject to the rights
of holders of any series of then outstanding preferred stock and the limitations under the DGCL, each holder of Common Stock has equal
rights of participation in the dividends in cash, stock, or property of the Company, when, as and if the Board declare such dividends
from time to time out of assets or funds legally available.

Voting Rights. Each holder of our Common
Stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors.
The holders of Common Stock exclusively possess all voting power; provided, however, that as except as otherwise required by law, holders
of Common Stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to the Charter (or on any amendment to a certificate of designations of any
series of preferred stock) that alters or changes the powers, preferences, rights or other terms of one or more outstanding series of
preferred stock if the holders of such affected series of preferred stock are entitled to vote, either separately or together with the
holders of one or more other such series, on such amendment pursuant to the Charter (or pursuant to a certificate of designations of any
series of preferred stock) or pursuant to the DGCL. Our stockholders are not entitled to cumulative voting.

Liquidation. Subject to the rights of holders
of any series of then outstanding preferred stock, each holder of Common Stock has equal rights to receive the assets and funds of the
Company available for distribution to stockholders in the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary.

Rights and Preferences. Holders of our
Common Stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable
to our Common Stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected
by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate in the future.

Limited Voting by Foreign Owners. To comply
with restrictions imposed by federal law on foreign ownership of U.S. airlines, our Charter restricts voting of shares of our capital
stock by non-U.S. citizens. The restrictions imposed by federal law currently require that no more than 25% of our voting stock be voted,
directly or indirectly, by persons who are not U.S. citizens, and that our president and at least two-thirds of the members of the Board
and senior management be U.S. citizens. Our Charter provides that no shares of our capital stock may be voted by or at the direction of
non-U.S. citizens unless such shares are registered on a separate stock record, which we refer to as the foreign stock record. Our Charter
further provides that no shares of our capital stock will be registered on the foreign stock record if the amount so registered would
exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law.

Preferred Stock

Under the Charter, the Board has the authority,
without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of a class designated as preferred stock, par value $0.0001
per share, in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and
privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund
terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the
rights of Common Stock.

Our issuance of preferred stock could adversely
affect the voting power of holders of Common Stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon
liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control
of our company or other corporate action.

Anti-Takeover Provisions

Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock

The remaining shares of authorized and unissued
capital stock are available for future issuance, subject to our Charter, Bylaws and applicable law, including any regulations governing
the exchange on which our shares of capital stock are then listed. While the additional shares are not designed to deter or prevent a
change of control, under some circumstances we could use the additional shares to create voting impediments or to frustrate persons seeking
to effect a takeover or otherwise gain control by, for example, issuing those shares in private placements to purchasers who might side
with the Board in opposing a hostile takeover bid. .

Delaware Anti-Takeover Law

Because our stockholders do not have cumulative
voting rights, our stockholders holding a majority of the shares of Common Stock outstanding will be able to elect all of our directors
up for election at any given stockholders meeting. At any given stockholders meeting for the election of directors at which
a quorum is present where the number of nominees for director exceeds the number of directors to be elected, a plurality of the votes
cast shall be sufficient to elect a director up for election. Except as otherwise required by applicable law or the rights and preferences
of any then-outstanding preferred stock, our Charter and Bylaws provide that a director may be removed from the Board with or without
cause by a majority vote of the shares of Common Stock outstanding, but vacancies may only be filled by the Board. Our Charter and Bylaws
provide that all stockholder action must be effected at a duly called meeting of stockholders and not by a consent in writing, and that
only our (i) corporate secretary upon written request of stockholders representing at least 25% of all votes entitled to be voted on the
matter to be voted on, or (ii) the Chairman of the Board may call a special meeting of stockholders.

These provisions may have the effect of deterring
hostile takeovers or delaying changes in our control or management. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued
stability in the composition of the Board and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual
or threatened acquisition of us. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The
provisions also are intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect
of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, they also may inhibit fluctuations in the market
price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisions may also have the effect of preventing
changes in our management.

Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law. We are not subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination
with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, subject
to certain exceptions.

Stockholder Action

Our Bylaws establish advance notice procedures
with regard to all stockholder proposals to be brought before meetings of our stockholders, including proposals for the nomination of
candidates for election as directors, all of which must be brought in a timely manner. Timely, for purposes of our Bylaws, generally means
delivery of notice to us not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day,
in advance of the anniversary of the previous years annual meeting date.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent for the Common Stock is Equiniti
Trust Company, LLC.

The descriptions of the Charter and Bylaws are
qualified in their entirety by the full text of the Charter and Bylaws, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively,
and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD
Disclosure.

On a post-emergence basis, the Company has approximately $900 million of liquidity, including unrestricted cash and cash equivalents,
short-term investment securities, liquidity available under the Company's revolving credit facility and anticipated proceeds from refinancing
a portion of its outstanding EETC financings.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current
Report) contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of
the Exchange Act which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Forward-looking statements are based on
our managements beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. All statements other than statements
of historical facts are forward-looking statements for purposes of these provisions. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, would, expect,
plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, project, predict,
potential, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding the Chapter 11 Cases, the Plan, the Confirmation Order and the Debtors emergence from
the Chapter 11 Cases. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual
results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Factors include, among others, the impact of the Debtors bankruptcy filings, the Companys ability to refinance, extend or
repay its near and intermediate term debt, the Companys substantial level of indebtedness and interest rates, the potential impact
of volatile and rising fuel prices and impairments, the restructuring process and other factors discussed in the Companys Annual
Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC and other factors, as described in the Companys
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the detailed factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors
in Former Spirits Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Furthermore, such forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date of this Current Report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. Risks or uncertainties (i) that are not currently known
to us, (ii) that we currently deem to be immaterial, or (iii) that could apply to any company, could also materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition, or future results.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Number 

Description

2.1 Order Confirming the First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Spirit Airlines, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Former Spirits Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2025).

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.

4.1 Exit Notes Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025, by and among Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd., as issuers, the guarantors party thereto, the collateral grantor party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent.

4.2 Form of PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.1 hereto).

4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025, by and among Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd., as issuers, Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., as HoldCo Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee

4.4 Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement between Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC.

4.5 Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement between Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC.

10.1 Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025, by and among Spirit Airlines, Inc., as borrower, the subsidiaries guarantors party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral agent.

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, by and among Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc. and the holders party thereto.

99.1 Press release, dated March 12, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 12, 2025

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Senior Vice President and General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dp226079_ex0301.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

It is hereby certified that:

1. The name of the corporation is Spirit Aviation
Holdings, Inc.

2. The date of filing of its original Certificate
of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was February 27, 2025.

3. Pursuant to sections 242 and 245, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

ARTICLE I -
NAME

The name of the corporation is Spirit Aviation
Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation).

ARTICLE II
- REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT

The address of the Corporations registered
office in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808. The name of its registered
agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE III
- PURPOSE AND DURATION

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
as amended (the DGCL). The Corporation is to have a perpetual existence.

ARTICLE IV
- CAPITAL STOCK

Section 1. Authorized
Shares. The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 410,000,000 shares, of which 400,000,000 shares
shall be a class designated as Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), and 10,000,000 shares
shall be a class designated as Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock). Except as otherwise
provided in any certificate of designations of any series of Preferred Stock, the number of authorized shares of the class of Common Stock
or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of such class then outstanding) by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of
the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto), voting together as a single class, without a separate vote of the holders of the class
or classes the number of authorized shares of which are being increased or decreased, unless a vote by any holders of one or more series
of Preferred Stock is required by the express terms of any series of Preferred Stock as provided for or fixed pursuant to the provisions
of this Article IV. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Corporation elects to be governed by Sections
242(d) and 245 of the DGCL.

Section 2. Common
Stock. Except as otherwise required by law, as provided in this Certificate, and as otherwise provided in the resolution or resolutions,
if any, adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) with respect to any series
of the Preferred Stock, the holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power; provided, however, that, except as
otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Certificate (or on
any amendment to a certificate of designations of any series of Preferred Stock) that alters or changes the powers, preferences, rights
or other terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series of Preferred Stock are entitled
to vote, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, on such amendment pursuant to this Certificate
(or pursuant to a certificate of designations of any series of Preferred Stock) or pursuant to the DGCL. Each holder of shares of Common
Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share it holds.

Subject to the rights of holders of any series
of outstanding Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Common Stock shall have equal rights of participation in the dividends in cash, stock,
or property of the Corporation when, as and if declared thereon by the Board of Directors from time to time out of assets or funds of
the Corporation legally available therefor and shall have equal rights to receive the assets and funds of the Corporation available for
distribution to stockholders in the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary
or involuntary. There shall be no cumulative voting.

Section 3. Preferred
Stock. The Board of Directors is hereby authorized to provide, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for one or more series
of Preferred Stock and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series and the designation of
such series, the voting powers, if any, of the shares of such series, and the preferences and relative, participating, optional, or other
rights (including special rights), if any, and any qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series,
as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such series adopted by the Board of Directors. The Board
of Directors is further authorized to increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not
below the number of shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series, the number of which was fixed by it,
subsequent to the issuance of shares of such series then outstanding, subject to the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof stated in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the resolution of the Board of
Directors originally fixing the number of shares of such series. If the number of shares of any series is so decreased, then the shares
constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number
of shares of such series. The authority of the Board of Directors with respect to each series of Preferred Stock shall include, but not
be limited to, determination of the following:

(a) the
designation of the series;

(b) the
number of shares of the series;

(c) the
dividend rate or rates on the shares of that series, whether dividends will be cumulative, and if so, from which date or dates, and the
relative rights of priority, if any, of payment of dividends on shares of that series;

(d) whether
the series will have voting rights, generally or upon specified events, in addition to the voting rights provided by law, and, if so,
the terms of such voting rights;

(e) whether
the series will have conversion privileges, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion, including provision for adjustment
of the conversion rate in such events as the Board of Directors shall determine;

(f) whether
or not the shares of that series shall be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the option of the Corporation or the holder thereof, and
if made subject to such redemption, the terms and conditions of such redemption, including the date or dates upon or after which they
shall be redeemable, and the amount per share payable in case of redemptions, which amount may vary under different conditions and at
different redemption rates;

(g) the
terms and amount of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of the shares of such series;

(h) the
rights of the shares of that series in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation,
and the relative rights of priority, if any, of payment of shares of that series;

(i) the
restrictions, if any, on the issue or reissue of any additional Preferred Stock; and

(j) any
other relative rights, preferences, and limitations of that series.

Section 4. Nonvoting
Equity Securities. The Corporation shall not issue nonvoting equity securities; provided, however, the foregoing restriction shall
(a) have no further force and effect beyond that required under Section 1123(a)(6) of title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy
Code), (b) only have such force and effect

2

for so long as Section 1123 of the Bankruptcy
Code is in effect and applicable to the Corporation, and (c) in all events may be amended or eliminated in accordance with applicable
law as from time to time may be in effect. The prohibition on the issuance of nonvoting equity securities is included in this Certificate
in compliance with Section 1123(a)(6) of the Bankruptcy Code.

Section 5. Power
to Sell and Purchase Shares. Subject to the requirements of applicable law, the Corporation shall have the power to issue and sell
all or any part of any shares of any class of stock herein or hereafter authorized to such persons, and for such consideration, as the
Board of Directors (or, if applicable, the person or body to whom the Board of Directors delegates such authority in accordance with the
DGCL), shall from time to time, in its discretion determine, whether or not greater consideration could be received upon the issue or
sale of the same number of shares of another class, and as otherwise permitted by law. Subject to the requirements of applicable law,
the Corporation shall have the power to purchase any shares of any class of stock herein or hereafter authorized from such persons, and
for such consideration, as the Board of Directors (or, if applicable, the person or body to whom the Board of Directors delegates such
authority in accordance with the DGCL), shall from time to time, in its discretion determine, whether or not less consideration could
be paid upon the purchase of the same number of shares of another class, and as otherwise permitted by law.

ARTICLE V -
RESTRICTIONS ON OWNERSHIP

Section 1. Limitations
of Ownership by Non-Citizens. At no time shall persons who are not citizens of the United States (as such term is defined
in Title 49, United States Code, Section 40102 and administrative interpretations thereof issued by the Department of Transportation or
its successor, or as the same may be from time to time amended, supplemented or succeeded, Applicable Laws) (Non-Citizens)
Own or Control (as defined below) more than (a) 25% of the voting power of the Stock (as defined below) (the Permitted Percentage)
or (b) 49% of the Corporations capital stock (including Common Stock and any other securities which are considered to be part of
the Corporations total outstanding equity under Applicable Laws). In the event that Non-Citizens shall Own or Control any shares
of capital stock of the Corporation, the voting rights of such persons shall be subject to automatic suspension to the extent required
to ensure that the Corporation is in compliance with applicable provisions of law and regulations relating to ownership or control of
a U.S. air carrier. For purposes of this Article V, (a) Beneficial Ownership, Beneficially Owned
or Owned Beneficially refers to beneficial ownership as defined in Rule 13d-3 (without regard to the 60-day provision
in paragraph (d)(l)(i) thereof) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (b) Own or Control or Owned
or Controlled shall mean (x) ownership of record, (y) beneficial ownership or (z) the power to direct, by agreement, agency
or in any other manner, the voting of Stock; and (c) Stock shall mean the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation entitled
to vote; provided, however, that for the purpose of determining the voting power of Stock that shall at any time constitute the Permitted
Percentage, the voting power of Stock outstanding shall not be adjusted downward solely because shares of Stock may not be entitled to
vote by reason of any provision of this Article V. Any determination by the Board of Directors as to whether Stock is Owned or Controlled
by a Non-Citizen shall be final for purposes of determining compliance with this Article V; provided that the foregoing shall not (i)
modify the fiduciary duties of directors, (ii) limit director liability in a manner that is not permitted by Section 102(b)(7) of the
DGCL or (iii) alter the standard of review a court of competent jurisdiction may apply to review a decision of the Board of Directors
for compliance with the directors fiduciary duties.

Section 2. Legend.
Each certificate or other representative document for capital stock of the Corporation with voting rights (including each such certificate
or representative document for such capital stock issued upon any permitted transfer of capital stock) shall contain a legend in substantially
the following form:

THE SECURITIES OF SPIRIT AVIATION
HOLDINGS, INC. REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE OR DOCUMENT ARE SUBJECT TO VOTING RESTRICTIONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN SECURITIES HELD
BY PERSONS OR ENTITIES THAT FAIL TO QUALIFY AS CITIZENS OF THE UNITED STATES AS THE TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 40102(a)(15)
OF SUBTITLE VH OF TITLE 49 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED, IN ANY SIMILAR LEGISLATION OF THE UNITED STATES ENACTED IN SUBSTITUTION
OR REPLACEMENT THEREFOR, AND AS INTERPRETED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION, ITS PREDECESSORS AND SUCCESSORS, FROM TIME TO TIME. SUCH
VOTING RESTRICTIONS ARE CONTAINED IN THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND THE BYLAWS OF SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS,
INC., AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED OR RESTATED FROM TIME TO TIME. A COMPLETE AND CORRECT COPY OF SUCH

3

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
AND THE BYLAWS SHALL BE FURNISHED FREE OF CHARGE TO THE HOLDER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE SECRETARY
OF SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

Section 3. Ownership
Policy. It is the policy of the Corporation that, consistent with the requirements of the Applicable Laws, Non-Citizens shall not
Own or Control more than the Permitted Percentage and, if Non-Citizens nonetheless at any time Own or Control more than the Permitted
Percentage, the voting rights of the Stock in excess of the Permitted Percentage shall be automatically suspended in accordance with Sections
4 and 5 of this Article V.

Section 4. Foreign
Stock Record. The Corporation or its transfer agent shall maintain a separate stock record (the Foreign Stock Record)
in which shall be registered Stock known to the Corporation to be Owned or Controlled by Non-Citizens. It shall be the duty of each stockholder
to register his, her or its Stock if such stockholder is a Non-Citizen. A Non-Citizen may, at its option, register any Stock to be purchased
pursuant to an agreement entered into with the Corporation, as if Owned or Controlled by it, upon execution of a definitive agreement.
Such Non-Citizen shall register his, her or its Stock by sending a written request to the Corporation, noting both the execution of a
definitive agreement for the purchase of Stock and the anticipated closing date of such transaction. If the Non-Citizen fails to send
the Corporation a written notice confirming that the closing occurred within ten days of such closing, then the Corporation or its transfer
agent shall remove such Stock from the Foreign Stock Record. For the sake of clarity, any Stock registered as a result of the execution
of a definitive agreement shall not have any voting or other ownership rights until the closing of that transaction. In the event that
the sale pursuant to such definitive agreement is not consummated in accordance with such agreement (as may be amended), such Stock shall
be removed from the Foreign Stock Record without further action by the Corporation. The Foreign Stock Record shall include (i) the name
and nationality of each such Non-Citizen and (ii) the date of registration of such shares in the Foreign Stock Record. In no event shall
shares in excess of the Permitted Percentage be entered on the Foreign Stock Record (such status to first be determined 120 days following
the effective date of the Corporations Joint Plan of Reorganization filed in its Chapter 11 cases). In the event that
the Corporation shall determine that Stock registered on the Foreign Stock Record exceeds the Permitted Percentage, sufficient shares
shall be removed from the Foreign Stock Record so that the number of shares entered therein does not exceed the Permitted Percentage.
Stock shall be removed from the Foreign Stock Record in reverse chronological order based upon the date of registration therein.

Section 5. Suspension
of Voting Rights. If at any time the number of shares of Stock known to the Corporation to be Owned or Controlled by Non-Citizens
exceeds the Permitted Percentage, the voting rights of Stock Owned or Controlled by Non-Citizens and not registered on the Foreign Stock
Record at the time of any vote or action of the stockholders of the Corporation shall, without further action by the Corporation, be suspended.
Such suspension of voting rights shall automatically terminate upon the earlier of the (i) transfer of such shares to a person or entity
who is not a Non-Citizen, or (ii) registration of such shares on the Foreign Stock Record, subject to the last two sentences of Section
4 of this Article V.

Section 6. Certification
of Citizenship.

(a) The
Corporation may by notice in writing (which may be included in the form of proxy or ballot distributed to stockholders in connection with
the annual meeting or any special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, or otherwise) require a person that is a holder of record
of Stock or that the Corporation knows to have, or has reasonable cause to believe has, Beneficial Ownership of Stock to certify in such
manner as the Corporation shall deem appropriate (including by way of execution of any form of proxy or ballot of such person) that, to
the knowledge of such person:

(i) all
Stock as to which such person has record ownership or Beneficial Ownership is Owned or Controlled only by citizens of the United States;
or

(ii) the
number and class or series of Stock owned of record or Beneficially Owned by such person that is Owned or Controlled by Non-Citizens is
as set forth in such certificate.

(b) With
respect to any Stock identified in response to clause (i) above, the Corporation may require such person to provide such further information
as the Corporation may reasonably require in order to implement the provisions of this Article V;

4

(c) For
purposes of applying the provisions of this Article V with respect to any Stock, in the event of the failure of any person to provide
the certificate or other information to which the Corporation is entitled pursuant to this Section 6, the Corporation shall presume that
the Stock in question is Owned or Controlled by Non-Citizens.

ARTICLE VI
- BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 1. Powers
of the Board. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors except
as otherwise provided herein or required by law. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by applicable law
or by this Certificate or the Bylaws of the Corporation (as amended, restated, or modified from time to time, the Bylaws),
the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation.

Section 2. Number
of Directors. Except as may be provided in a resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors providing for any series of Preferred
Stock with respect to any directors elected (or to be elected) by the holders of such series, the total number of directors constituting
the entire Board of Directors shall consist of not less than three (3) nor more than twelve (12) members, with the precise number of directors
to be determined from time to time exclusively by a vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors.

Section 3. Removal
of Directors. Subject to any rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to remove directors and except as otherwise required
by applicable law, the Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed from office at any time with or without cause by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote thereon.

Section 4. Vacancies.
Except as may be provided in a resolution or resolutions providing for any series of Preferred Stock with respect to any directors elected
(or to be elected) by the holders of such series and except as otherwise required by law, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting
from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in
the number of directors shall be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even if less
than a quorum of the Board of Directors, or sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders.

Section 5. Bylaws.
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by law, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter
or repeal Bylaws without any action on the part of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the stockholders shall also have the
power to adopt, amend, alter, or repeal the Bylaws; provided that, in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of any particular
class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by applicable law or this Certificate, such adoption, amendment, alteration,
or repeal shall be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all the then-outstanding
shares of the stock entitled to vote thereon provided, further, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall invalidate
any prior act of the Board of Directors that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted.

Section 6. Elections
of Directors. Elections of directors need not be by ballot unless the Bylaws shall so provide.

Section 7. Officers.
Except as otherwise expressly delegated by resolution of the Board of Directors, the Board of Directors shall have the exclusive power
and authority to appoint and remove officers of the Corporation.

ARTICLE VII
- STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. Actions
by Consent. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by
the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected only at a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not
be effected by any written consent in lieu of a meeting by such stockholders.

Section 2. Special
Meetings of Stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred
Stock, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be called 

5

only by: (i) the Board of Directors or the Chair of the
Board of Directors; or (ii) the Secretary of the Corporation, following receipt of one or more written demands
to call a special meeting of the stockholders from stockholders of record who own, in the aggregate, at least 25% of the voting power
of the outstanding shares of the Corporation then entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special
meeting that complies with the procedures for calling a special meeting of the stockholders as may be set forth in the Bylaws and complies
with the other requirements and limitations set forth in the Bylaws.

ARTICLE VIII
- LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1. Director
Liability. To the maximum extent permitted by the DGCL, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation
or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (a) for any breach of the
Directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (c) under Section 174 of the DGCL or (d) for any transaction from
which the Director derived an improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is amended after the effective date of this Certificate to authorize
corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of Directors, then the liability of a Director of the Corporation
shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. No amendment to, modification of, or repeal
of this Article VIII, Section 1 shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Corporation
for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment.

Section 2. Officer
Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, an Officer (as defined below) of the Corporation shall not be personally liable
to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of his or her fiduciary duty as an Officer of the Corporation,
except for liability (a) for any breach of the Officers duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (b) for
acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (c) for any transaction
from which the Officer derived an improper personal benefit, or (d) in any action by or in the right of the Corporation. If
the DGCL is amended after the effective date of this Certificate to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal
liability of Officers, then the liability of an Officer of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted
by the DGCL, as so amended. For purposes of this Article VIII, Officer shall mean an individual who has
been duly appointed by the Board of Directors as an officer of the Corporation and who, at the time of an act or omission as to which
liability is asserted, is deemed to have consented to service of process to the registered agent of the Corporation as contemplated by
10 Del. C. 3114(b) (for purposes of this sentence only, treating residents of Delaware as if they were nonresidents
to apply such statute to this sentence). No amendment to, modification of, or repeal of this Article VIII, Section 2 shall apply to or
have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any officer of the Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of
such officer occurring prior to such amendment.

Section 3. Right
to Indemnification. The Corporation may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law as it now exists or may hereafter be amended
any person made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative, or investigative,
by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation,
or serves or served at any other enterprise as a director, officer, employee, or agent at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor
to the Corporation.

Section 4. Amendment
or Repeal. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VIII, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VIII in respect of any matter
occurring, or any action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VIII, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment,
repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.

ARTICLE IX
- SECTION 203

The Corporation shall not
be governed by or subject to Section 203 of the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto).

6

ARTICLE X -
EXCLUSIVE FORUM

Section 1. Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the
Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state court located within the State of Delaware or, if no court located within
the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the state of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation
or the Corporation's stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, this Certificate
or the Bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, however,
that this sentence will not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or to any claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. If any action the subject matter of
which is within the scope of this Article X, Section 1 is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a
Foreign Action) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be
deemed to have consented to: (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce this Article X, Section 1 (an Enforcement Action); and (ii)
having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholders counsel in
the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital
stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article X, Section 1.

Section 2. Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America
shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have
notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article X, Section 2.

ARTICLE XI
- AMENDMENT

The Corporation reserves the
right to amend, alter, or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by the laws of
the State of Delaware, and all rights conferred herein are granted subject to this reservation; provided, however, that, subject to the
final sentence of this Article XI, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required
by law or by this Certificate, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66% of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class,
shall be required for the stockholders to approve any amendment to this Certificate or adopt any new provision of this Certificate. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Corporation hereby expressly elects to be governed by Section 242(d) of the DGCL, and any amendment to this Certificate
permitted by Section 242(d) may be approved and adopted (i) in the case of an amendment permitted by Section 242(d)(1), solely by the
board of directors and (ii) in the case of amendments permitted by Section 242(d)(2), solely by the stockholder vote specified therein
and the board of directors.

ARTICLE XII
- EFFECTIVE TIME

This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
shall be effective upon its filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 12, 2025 (the Effective Time).

* * * *

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed
this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation on this 12th day of March, 2025.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary

[ Signature Page to Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation - Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dp226079_ex0302.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

(a Delaware corporation)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I - CORPORATE OFFICES 1

1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE 1

1.2 OTHER OFFICES 1

ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 1

2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY REMOTE COMMUNICATIONS. 1

2.2 ANNUAL MEETING 1

2.3 SPECIAL MEETING 1

2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS. 2

2.5 QUORUM 3

2.6 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE 3

2.7 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 3

2.8 VOTING 4

2.9 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 4

2.10 FIXING THE RECORD DATE 5

2.11 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE 5

2.12 INSPECTORS OF ELECTION 5

2.13 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINATIONS AND PROPOSALS 6

ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS 13

3.1 POWERS 13

3.2 NUMBER OF DIRECTORS 13

3.3 NEWLY CREATED DIRECTORSHIPS AND VACANCIES 13

3.4 RESIGNATION 13

3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE 13

3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS 13

3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS 13

3.8 ADJOURNED MEETINGS 14

3.9 NOTICES 14

3.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE 14

3.11 ORGANIZATION 14

3.12 QUORUM 14

3.13 ACTION BY MAJORITY VOTE 14

3.14 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING 14

3.15 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 14

3.16 CHAIR OF THE BOARD 14

3.17 VICE CHAIR OF THE BOARD 15

3.18 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 15

ARTICLE IV - OFFICERS 15

4.1 POSITIONS AND ELECTION 15

4.2 TERM 15

4.3 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 15

4.4 PRESIDENT 16

4.5 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 16

4.6 VICE PRESIDENT 16

4.7 SECRETARY 16

4.8 TREASURER 16

4.9 OTHER OFFICERS 17

4.10 VOTING SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION 17

4.11 DUTIES OF OFFICERS MAY BE DELEGATED 17

i

ARTICLE V - STOCK CERTIFICATES AND THEIR TRANSFER 17

5.1 CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES 17

5.2 TRANSFERS OF STOCK 17

5.3 TRANSFER AGENTS AND REGISTRARS 17

5.4 LOST, STOLEN, OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES 17

5.5 STOCKHOLDERS OF RECORD 17

ARTICLE VI - GENERAL MATTERS 18

6.1 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS 18

6.2 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS 18

6.3 DIVIDENDS 18

6.4 FISCAL YEAR 18

6.5 SEAL 18

ARTICLE VII - NOTICES 18

7.1 NOTICES 18

7.2 WAIVERS OF NOTICE 18

ARTICLE VIII - INDEMNIFICATION 19

8.1 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 19

8.2 INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS 19

8.3 ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES 19

8.4 DETERMINATION; CLAIM 19

8.5 NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS 19

8.6 INSURANCE 20

8.7 OTHER INDEMNIFICATION 20

8.8 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION 20

8.9 AMENDMENT OR REPEAL 20

ARTICLE IX - AMENDMENTS 20

ii

AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS OF SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

ARTICLE I - CORPORATE OFFICES

1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE. The
registered office of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation) shall be fixed in the Corporations Certificate
of Incorporation, as the same may be amended from time to time.

1.2 OTHER OFFICES. The Corporation
may have other offices, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Corporations board of directors (the Board
of Directors) may at any time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY REMOTE COMMUNICATIONS.

(a)All meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, or may instead be held solely
by means of remote communication, as shall be designated from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors and stated in the notice
of meeting.

(b)If authorized by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board of Directors
may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication: (i)
participate in a meeting of stockholders, and (ii) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders, whether such meeting
is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication; provided that (A) the Corporation shall implement reasonable
measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder
or proxyholder; (B) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity
to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings
of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (C) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action
at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the Corporation.

2.2 ANNUAL MEETING. The annual
meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting
in accordance with these Bylaws shall be held at such date, time and place, if any, as shall be determined by the Board of Directors and
stated in the notice of the meeting.

2.3 SPECIAL MEETING.

(a)Purpose. Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes shall be called only:

(i)by the Board of Directors or the Chair of the Board (as defined in Section 3.16); or

(ii)by
the Secretary (as defined in Section 4.7), following receipt of one or more written demands to call a special meeting of the stockholders
in accordance with, and subject to, this Section 2.3 from stockholders of record who own, in the aggregate, at least 25% of the voting
power of the outstanding shares of the Corporation then entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special
meeting.

The Board of Directors may fix a record date to
determine the stockholders entitled to demand a special meeting of stockholders.

(b)Notice. A request to the Secretary shall be delivered to the Secretary at the Corporations principal executive offices
and signed by each stockholder, or a duly authorized agent of such stockholder, requesting the special meeting and shall set forth:

(i) a brief description of each matter of business desired to be brought before the special meeting;

(ii) the reasons for conducting such business at the special meeting;

(iii)the text of any proposal or business to be considered at the special meeting (including the text of any resolutions proposed to
be considered and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment);
and

(iv)the information required in Section 2.13(b) of these Bylaws (for stockholder nomination demands) or Section 2.13(c) of these Bylaws
(for all other stockholder proposal demands), as applicable.

(c)Business. Business transacted at a special meeting requested by stockholders shall be limited to the matters described in
the special meeting request; provided, however, that nothing herein shall prohibit the Board of Directors from submitting matters to the
stockholders at any special meeting requested by stockholders.

(d)Time and Date. A special meeting requested by stockholders shall be held at such date and time as may be fixed by the Board
of Directors; provided, however, that the date of any such special meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the request to call the
special meeting is received by the Secretary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a special meeting requested by stockholders shall not be
held if:

(i)the Board of Directors has called or calls for an annual or special meeting of the stockholders to be held within 90 days after
the Secretary receives the request for the special meeting and the Board of Directors determines in good faith that the business of such
meeting includes (among any other matters properly brought before the meeting) the business specified in the request;

(ii)the stated business to be brought before the special meeting is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law;

(iii)an identical or substantially similar item (a Similar Item) was presented at any meeting of stockholders held
within 90 days prior to the receipt by the Secretary of the request for the special meeting (and, for purposes of this Section 2.3(d)(iii),
the election of directors shall be deemed a Similar Item with respect to all items of business involving the election or removal of directors);
or

(iv)the special meeting request was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act).

(e)Revocation. A stockholder may revoke a request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the
Secretary at the Corporations principal executive offices, and if, following such revocation, there are unrevoked requests from
stockholders holding in the aggregate less than the requisite number of shares entitling the stockholders to request the calling of a
special meeting, the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may cancel the special meeting.

2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS
MEETINGS. Notice of the place (if any), date, hour, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if
such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting), and means of remote communication, if
any, of every meeting of stockholders shall be given by the Corporation not less than ten days nor more than 60 days before the meeting
(unless a different time is specified by law) to every stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting as of the record date for determining
the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. Notices of special meetings shall also specify the purpose or purposes for which the
meeting has been called. Notices of meetings to stockholders may be given by

2

mailing the same, addressed to the stockholder
entitled thereto, at such stockholders mailing address as it appears on the records of the corporation and such notice shall be
deemed to be given when deposited in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid. An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation
or of the transfer agent or any other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given by mail or by a form of electronic transmission,
as applicable, shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. Without limiting the manner by which
notices of meetings otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any such notice may be given by electronic transmission in accordance
with applicable law. Notice of any meeting need not be given to any stockholder who shall, either before or after the meeting, submit
a waiver of notice or who shall attend such meeting, except when the stockholder attends for the express purpose of objecting, at the
beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Any stockholder so
waiving notice of the meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of the meeting in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given.

2.5 QUORUM. Unless otherwise
provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding
and entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings
of the stockholders. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (a) the chair
of the meeting or (b) a majority in voting power of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented
by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in Section 2.6 of these Bylaws until a quorum
is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that
might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.

2.6 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE.
Any meeting of the stockholders, annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, if
any, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communication,
if any, are provided in accordance with applicable law. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might
have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be
given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for stockholders
entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of the adjourned meeting and
shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting as of the record date
fixed for notice of the adjourned meeting.

2.7 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS. The
Board of Directors may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of the stockholders as it shall deem
appropriate. At every meeting of the stockholders, the Chair of the Board, or in their absence or inability to act, the Chief Executive
Officer, or, in their absence or inability to act, the officer or director whom the Board of Directors shall appoint, shall act as chair
of, and preside at, the meeting. The Secretary or, in the Secretarys absence or inability to act, the person whom the chair of
the meeting shall appoint secretary of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. Except to the extent inconsistent with rules,
regulations and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors, the chair of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority
to prescribe such rules, regulations, and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chair, are necessary, appropriate
or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations, or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors
or prescribed by the chair of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order
of business for the meeting; (b) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting;
(c) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (d) limitations on attendance at or participation
in the meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies, or such other persons as the
chair of the meeting shall determine; (e) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; (f)
the determination of the circumstances in which any person may make a statement or ask questions and limitations on the time allotted
to questions or comments by participants; (g) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted
on at the meeting; (h) the exclusion or removal of any stockholders or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting rules,
regulations, or procedures; (i) restrictions on the use of audio and video recording devices, cell phones and other electronic devices;
(j) rules, regulations and procedures for compliance with any federal, state or local laws or regulations (including those concerning
safety, health or security); (k) procedures (if any) requiring attendees to provide the Corporation advance notice of their intent to
attend the meeting; and (l) rules, regulations or procedures regarding the participation by means of remote communication of stockholders
and proxy holders not physically present at a meeting, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of
remote

3

communication. Unless and to the extent determined
by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, the chair of the meeting shall not be obligated to adopt or follow any technical,
formal or parliamentary rules or principles of procedure.

2.8 VOTING.

(a)General. Unless otherwise required by law or provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled
to one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.

(b)Election of Directors. Unless otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, the election of directors shall be by written
ballot. If authorized by the Board of Directors, such requirement of a written ballot shall be satisfied by a ballot submitted by electronic
transmission, provided that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can
be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder or proxy holder. Unless otherwise required by law, the
Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, the election of directors shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast with respect
to a nominee at a meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors, at which a quorum is present, by the holders of stock entitled
to vote in the election; provided, however, that, if the Secretary receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated a person for election
to the Board of Directors in compliance with the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees for director set forth in Section
2.13 of these Bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or prior to the tenth day preceding the date
the Corporation gives notice of such meeting/determines that the number of nominees for director exceeds the number of directors to be
elected, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders,
at which a quorum is present, held to elect directors and entitled to vote on such election of directors. For purposes of this Section
2.8 (b), a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a nominee must exceed the votes cast against
such nominees election. If a nominee for director who is not an incumbent director does not receive a majority of the votes cast,
the nominee shall not be elected. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has established procedures under which a director
standing for reelection in an uncontested election must tender a resignation conditioned on the incumbent directors failure to
receive a majority of the votes cast. If an incumbent director who is standing for reelection does not receive a majority of the votes
cast, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the Board of Directors on whether to accept or reject
the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board of Directors will act on such committees recommendation and
publicly disclose its decision and the rationale behind it within ninety (90) days from the date of the certification of the election
results. The director who fails to receive a majority vote will not participate in such committees recommendation or the Board
of Directors decision.

(c)Other Matters. Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, any matter, other than
the election of directors, properly brought before any meeting of stockholders, at which a quorum is present, shall be decided by the
affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter.

(d)Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for
such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for
a longer period. The authorization of a person to act as proxy may be documented, signed, and delivered in accordance with Section 116
of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) provided that such authorization shall set forth,
or be delivered with, information enabling the corporation to determine the identity of the stockholder granting such authorization. Proxies
shall be filed in accordance with the procedures established for the meeting of stockholders. Except as otherwise limited therein or as
otherwise provided by law, proxies authorizing a person to vote at a specific meeting shall entitle the persons authorized thereby to
vote at any adjournment of such meeting, but they shall not be valid after final adjournment of such meeting. A proxy with respect to
stock held in the name of two or more persons shall be valid if executed by or on behalf of any one of them unless at or prior to the
exercise of the proxy the Corporation receives a specific written notice to the contrary from any one of them. A proxy shall be irrevocable
if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable
power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy that is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by delivering to the
Secretary a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date. Any stockholder soliciting proxies from other stockholders must
use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors.

4

2.9 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY
WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING. Subject to the rights of the holders of the shares of any series of Preferred Stock, any action required
or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected only at a duly called annual or special meeting of such
stockholders and may not be effected by any written consent in lieu of a meeting by such stockholders.

2.10 FIXING THE RECORD DATE.

(a)In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or
any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution
fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than ten days before
the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders
entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on
or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding
the day on which the meeting is held. For purposes of this Article II, close of business means 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on
any calendar day, whether or not a business day. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting
of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date
for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting and in such case shall also fix as the record date for
stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for the determination of stockholders
entitled to vote therewith at the adjourned meeting.

(b)In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution
or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion, or exchange of stock,
or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date
upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action.
If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the
day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

2.11 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS
ENTITLED TO VOTE. The Corporation shall prepare a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders (provided,
however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten days before the date of the meeting, the
list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and
showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation registered in the name of each stockholder
no later than the tenth day before each meeting of the stockholders. The Corporation shall not be required to include electronic mail
addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any
purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic
network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii)
during ordinary business hours, at the Corporations principal executive office. In the event that the Corporation determines to
make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available
only to stockholders of the Corporation. Except as provided by applicable law, the stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence
as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger and the list of stockholders or to vote in person or by proxy at any
meeting of stockholders.

2.12 INSPECTORS OF ELECTION.
In advance of any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors shall, appoint one or more inspectors, who may be employees of the
Corporation, to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof and make a written report thereof. The Board of Directors may designate
one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at
a meeting, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering
upon the discharge of the inspectors duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict
impartiality and according to the best of their ability. The inspector or inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to
assist the inspector or inspectors in the performance of their duties. In determining

5

the validity and counting of proxies and ballots
cast at any meeting of stockholders, the inspector or inspectors may consider such information as is permitted by applicable law. The
presiding officer may review all determinations made by the inspectors, and in so doing the presiding officer shall be entitled to exercise
his or her sole judgment and discretion and he or she shall not be bound by any determinations made by the inspectors. All determinations
by the inspectors and, if applicable, the presiding officer, shall be subject to further review by any court of competent jurisdiction.
No person who is a candidate for office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election. When executing the duties of inspector,
the inspector or inspectors shall:

(a)ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each;

(b)determine the shares represented at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots;

(c)count all votes and ballots;

(d)determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors;
and

(e)certify
their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and their count of all votes and ballots.

2.13 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER
NOMINATIONS AND PROPOSALS.

(a)Annual Meetings. At a meeting of the stockholders, only such nominations of persons for the election of directors and such
other business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting,
nominations or such other business must be:

(i)specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee
thereof;

(ii)otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof; or

(iii)otherwise
properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record of the Corporation at the time such notice
of meeting is delivered and at the time of the annual meeting of stockholders, who is entitled to vote at the meeting, and who complies
with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.13.

For the avoidance of doubt,
the foregoing clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring nominations or business properly before an Annual Meeting
(other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 (or any successor rule) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act)), and such stockholder must comply with the notice and other procedures set forth in this Section 2.13 to
bring such nominations or business properly before an Annual Meeting. In addition, any proposal of business (other than the nomination
of persons for election to the Board of Directors) must be a proper matter for stockholder action. For business (including, but not limited
to, director nominations) to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to Section 2.13(a)(iii), the stockholder
or stockholders of record intending to propose the business (the Proposing Stockholder) must have given timely notice
thereof pursuant to this Section 2.13(a), in writing to the Secretary even if such matter is already the subject of any notice to the
stockholders or Public Disclosure from the Board of Directors. To be timely, a Proposing Stockholders notice for an annual meeting
must be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation: (x) not later than the close of business on
the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, in advance of the anniversary of the previous years annual
meeting if such meeting is to be held on a day which is not more than 30 days in advance of the anniversary of the previous years
annual meeting or not later than 60 days after the anniversary of the previous years annual meeting (which anniversary date shall,
for purposes of the Corporations first annual meeting following the adoption of these Bylaws, be deemed to be June 1, 2026); and (y)
with respect to any other annual meeting of stockholders, not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the annual
meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of: (1) the 90th day prior to the annual

6

meeting and (2) the close of business on the tenth
day following the first date of Public Disclosure of the date of such meeting. In no event will the adjournment or postponement of an
annual meeting (or the public announcement thereof) for which notice has already been given or for which a public announcement of the
meeting date has already been made, commence a new notice time period (or extend any notice time period) for the giving of a stockholders
notice as described above. For the purposes of this Section 2.13, Public Disclosure shall mean a disclosure made
in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Services, The Associated Press, or a comparable national news service or in a document
filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pursuant to Section 13, 14, or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act. The number of nominees a Proposing Stockholder may nominate for election at an annual meeting (or in the case of a Proposing
Stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a Proposing Stockholder may nominate for election
at the annual meeting on behalf of the beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected by stockholders generally
at such annual meeting.

(b)Stockholder Nominations. For the nomination of any person or persons for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to
Section 2.13(a)(iii) or Section 2.13(d), a Proposing Stockholders timely notice to the Secretary (in accordance with the time periods
for delivery of timely notice as set forth in this Section 2.13) shall set forth or include:

(i)the name, age, business address, residence address, and citizenship of each nominee proposed in such notice;

(ii)the principal occupation or employment of each such nominee;

(iii)the class and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned of record and beneficially by each such nominee
or their affiliates or associates and any Synthetic Equity Interest (as defined below) held or beneficially owned by the nominee or their
affiliates or associates;

(iv)such
other information concerning each such nominee as would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election
of such nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved) or that is otherwise required to be
disclosed, under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act;

(v)a questionnaire with respect to the background and qualifications of the nominee completed by the nominee in the form provided
by the Corporation (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request);

(vi)a description of any position of such person as an officer or director of a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton
Antitrust Act of 1914, within the three years preceding the submission of the notice;

(vii)a
written statement and agreement executed by each such nominee acknowledging that such person:

(A)consents to being named as a nominee in the proxy statement and form of proxy relating to the meeting at which directors are to
be elected and to serving as a director if elected;

(B)intends to serve as a director for the full term for which such person is standing for election; and

(C)makes
the following representations: (1) that the director nominee has read and agrees to comply with all applicable rules and regulations
of the exchanges upon which shares of the Corporations capital stock trade and adhere to the Corporations Corporate Governance
Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code, conflict of interest, confidentiality, stock ownership, and any other of the Corporations
policies or guidelines applicable to directors, including with regard to securities trading and, if elected as a director of the Corporation,
such

7

person currently would be in
compliance with any such policies and guidelines that have been publicly disclosed, (2) that the director nominee is not and will
not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any
person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any nomination or other
business proposal, issue, or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or
any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such persons ability to comply, if elected as a director of the
Corporation, with such persons fiduciary duties under applicable law, (3) that the director nominee is not and will not
become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to
any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification in connection with such persons nomination for
director or service as a director of the Corporation (Compensation Arrangement) that has not been disclosed to
the Corporation and (4) such proposed nominee will promptly provide to the Corporation such other information as it may reasonably
request.

(viii)as
to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting: a brief description of the business desired to be brought
before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, the text, if any, of any resolutions or Bylaw amendment
proposed for adoption, and any material interest in such business of each Proposing Stockholder;

(ix)as to the Proposing Stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any on whose behalf the nomination or other business proposal is being
made, and if such Proposing Stockholder or beneficial owner is an entity, as to each director, executive, managing member, or control
person of such entity (any such individual or control person, a control person):

(A)the name and address of the Proposing Stockholder as they appear on the Corporations books and of the beneficial owner,
if any, on whose behalf the nomination or other business proposal is being made;

(B)the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned as of the date of the Proposing Stockholders notice by
the Proposing Stockholder (beneficially and of record), the beneficial owner or any of their affiliates or associates (as such terms are
defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act), including any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation
as to which such Proposing Stockholder or any of their affiliates or associates has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time
in the future (whether or not such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time or upon the satisfaction of any
conditions or both) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing), on whose behalf the nomination
or other business proposal is being made, and any control person;

(C)all Synthetic Equity Interests (as defined below) in which such Proposing Stockholder or any of their affiliates or associates,
directly or indirectly, holds an interest including a description of the material terms of each such Synthetic Equity Interest, including,
without limitation, identification of the counterparty to each such Synthetic Equity Interest and disclosure, for each such Synthetic
Equity Interest, as to (1) whether or not such Synthetic Equity Interest conveys any voting rights, directly or indirectly, in such shares
to such Proposing Stockholder or any of their affiliates or associates, (2) whether or not such Synthetic Equity Interest is required
to be, or is capable of being, settled through delivery of such shares and (3) whether or not such Proposing Stockholder, any of their
affiliates or associates and/or, to the extent known, the counterparty to such Synthetic Equity Interest has entered into other transactions
that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such Synthetic Equity Interest,

(D)any rights to dividends or other distributions on the shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, directly
or indirectly, owned beneficially by such Proposing Stockholder or any of their affiliates or associates that are separated or separable
from the underlying shares of the Corporation,

8

(E) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) to which such Proposing Stockholder or any of their affiliates or
associates, directly or indirectly, is entitled to receive based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of any class or series
of capital stock of the Corporation, or any Synthetic Equity Interests,

(F)(1) if such Proposing Stockholder is not a natural person, the identity of the natural person or persons associated with such Proposing
Stockholder responsible for (i) the formulation of and decision to propose the director nomination or business to be brought before the
meeting and (ii) making voting and investment decisions on behalf of the Proposing Stockholder (irrespective of whether such person or
persons have beneficial ownership for purposes of Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act of any securities owned of record or beneficially
by the Proposing Stockholder) (such person or persons, the Responsible Person), the manner in which such Responsible
Person was selected, any fiduciary duties owed by such Responsible Person to the equity holders or other beneficiaries of such Proposing
Stockholder and, the qualifications and background of such Responsible Person or (2) if such Proposing Stockholder is a natural person,
the qualifications and background of such natural person,

(G)any equity interests or any Synthetic Equity Interests in any principal competitor of the Corporation beneficially owned by such
Proposing Stockholder or any of their affiliates or associates,

(H)any direct or indirect interest of such Proposing Stockholder or any of their affiliates or associates in any contract with the
Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor of the Corporation (including, without limitation, in any such
case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement),

(I) any pending or threatened litigation in which such Proposing Stockholder or any of their affiliates or associates is a party or
material participant involving the Corporation or any of its officers or directors, or any affiliate of the Corporation,

(J)any material transaction occurring during the prior twelve months between such Proposing Stockholder or any of their affiliates
or associates, on the one hand, and the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor of the Corporation,
on the other hand, and

(K)a description of any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with respect to such nomination or other business proposal between
or among the Proposing Stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or other business proposal is being made,
and any control person; including without limitation (1) any agreements that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item
6 of Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act and (2) any plans or proposals which relate to or would result in any action that would be required
to be disclosed pursuant to Item 4 of Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (in each case, regardless of whether the requirement to file
a Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act is applicable);

(L)a representation that the Proposing Stockholder is a holder of record of shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting
and intends to appear in person at the meeting (or a qualified representative thereof intends to appear in person at the meeting) to nominate
the person or persons specified in the notice or propose such other business proposal;

(M)a
representation whether the Proposing Stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or other business proposal
is being made, any control person, or any other participant (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) will engage
in a solicitation with respect to such nomination or other business proposal and, if so, the name of each participant in such solicitation;
and a statement: (1) confirming whether, the stockholder, beneficial owner, or any control person intends, or is part of a group that
(x) in the case of a nomination, intends to solicit proxies or votes in support of such director nominees or nomination in accordance

9

with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act,
including but not limited to, delivering a proxy statement and form of proxy and soliciting at least the percentage of the voting power
of all of the shares of the stock of the Corporation required under applicable law to elect the nominee, and (y) in the case of a business
proposal, intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy and solicit at least the percentage of voting power of all of the shares
of stock of the Corporation required under applicable law to approve the proposal; and (2) whether or not any such stockholder, beneficial
owner, or any control person intends to otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such nomination or other business proposal;
and

(N)any other information relating to such Proposing Stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or other
business proposal is being made, and any control person that is required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required
to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the business proposal and/or for the election of directors
in an election contest pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

For purposes of this Section (ix), the
term Synthetic Equity Interest shall mean any transaction, agreement or arrangement (or series of transactions, agreements
or arrangements), including, without limitation, any derivative, swap, hedge, repurchase or so-called stock borrowing or
securities lending agreement or arrangement, the purpose or effect of which is to, directly or indirectly: (a) give a person or entity
economic benefit and/or risk similar to ownership of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, in whole or in
part, including due to the fact that such transaction, agreement or arrangement provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit,
or share in any profit, or avoid a loss from any increase or decrease in the value of any shares of any class or series of capital stock
of the Corporation, (b) mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk of, or manage the risk of share price changes for, any person or entity
with respect to any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, (c) otherwise provide in any manner the opportunity
to profit, or share in any profit, or avoid a loss from any decrease in the value of any shares of any class or series of capital stock
of the Corporation or (d) increase or decrease the voting power of any person or entity with respect to any shares of any class or series
of capital stock of the Corporation.

A stockholder providing timely notice
of nominations or business proposed to be brought before an Annual Meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary,
so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Bylaw shall be true and correct as of the
record date for the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to such Annual Meeting, and such update and supplement
shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the fifth
(5th) business day after the record date for the Annual Meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the
record date), and not later than the close of business on the eighth (8th) business day prior to the date of the Annual Meeting (in the
case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting). For the avoidance of doubt,
the obligation to update as set forth in this Section 2.13(b)(ix) shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to any deficiencies
in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder, or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who
has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or nomination or to submit any new proposal, including by changing
or adding nominees, matters, business and/or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a Proposing Stockholder no longer plans to solicit proxies in accordance with its representation, such Proposing Stockholder
shall inform the Corporation of this change by delivering a written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the
Corporation no later than two (2) business days after making the determination not to proceed with a solicitation of proxies. A Proposing
Stockholder shall also update its notice so that the information required by Section 2.13(b)(viii) is current through the date of the
meeting or any adjournment, postponement or rescheduling thereof, and such update shall be delivered in writing to the secretary at the
principal executive offices of the Corporation no later than two (2) business days after the occurrence of any material change to the
information previously disclosed pursuant to Section 2.13(b)(ix).

10

The Corporation may require
any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee
to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of
the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee.

Notwithstanding anything in
the third sentence of the second paragraph of Article II, Section 2.13(a) of this Bylaw to the contrary, in the event that the number
of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no Public Disclosure naming all of the nominees for director
or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation at least ten (10) days before the last day a stockholder
may deliver a notice of nomination in accordance with the second sentence of Article I, Section 2(a)(2), a stockholders notice
required by this Bylaw shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase,
if it shall be received by the Secretary of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the
day on which such Public Disclosure is first made by the Corporation.

(c)General.

(i)Except as otherwise required by law, nothing in this Article II, Section 2.13 shall obligate the Corporation or the Board of Directors
to include in any proxy statement or other stockholder communication distributed on behalf of the Corporation or the Board of Directors
information with respect to any nominee for director or any other matter of business submitted by a stockholder.

(ii)The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the Annual Meeting (or in the case of a stockholder giving the
notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the Annual Meeting on behalf
of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such Annual Meeting.

(d)Other Stockholder Proposals. For all business other than director nominations, a Proposing Stockholders timely notice
to the Secretary (in accordance with the time periods for delivery of timely notice as set forth in this Section 2.13) shall set forth
as to each matter the Proposing Stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting:

(i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting;

(ii)the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting;

(iii)the text of any proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such
business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment);

(iv)any substantial interest (within the meaning of Item 5 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in such business of such Proposing
Stockholder, beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the business is being proposed, and any control person;

(v)any other information relating to such Proposing Stockholder, beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made,
any control person or any other participants (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) required to be disclosed in
a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the proposal and pursuant to and
in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

(vi)a
description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings between or among such stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose
behalf the proposal is being made, and any control person and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with
the proposal of such business and any material interest of such stockholder, beneficial owner, or any control person, in such business,
including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such stockholder, beneficial owner, or control person; and

11

(vii)all of the other information required by Section 2.13(b)(ix) above.

(e)Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have
been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting and in accordance with Section 2.3 of Article II
of these Bylaws. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders called
by the Board of Directors at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting:

(i)by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof; or

(ii)provided that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record
at the time the notice provided for in this Section 2.13(d) is delivered to the Secretary and at the time of the special meeting of stockholders,
who is entitled to vote at the meeting, and upon such election and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.13.

Notwithstanding any other
provision of these Bylaws, in the case of a special meeting called following the demand of one or more stockholders, no stockholder may
nominate a person for election to the Board of Directors or propose any business to be considered at the special meeting, except pursuant
to a written request to call a special meeting pursuant to Section 2.3 that identifies the nominees for election and business to be considered
at the special meeting and that satisfies the requirements of these Bylaws.

In the event the Corporation
calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder
entitled to vote in such election of directors may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s)
as specified in the Corporations notice of meeting, if such stockholder delivers a stockholders notice that complies with
the requirements of Section 2.13(b) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close
of business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of: (x) the 90th day
prior to such special meeting; or (y) the tenth (10th) day following the date of the first Public Disclosure of the date of the special
meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall an adjournment or postponement
(or the public announcement thereof) commence a new time period (or extend any notice time period) for the giving of a stockholders
notice as described above. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a special meeting (or in the case of a stockholder
giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the special meeting
on behalf of the beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected by stockholders generally at such special meeting.

(f)Effect of Noncompliance.

(i)Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13 or Section 2.14 shall be eligible
to be elected at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to serve as directors and only such other business shall be conducted
at a meeting as shall be brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13. Subject to the supervision
of the Board of Directors, the chair of the meeting, as determined pursuant to Section 2.7, shall have the power and duty to determine
whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance
with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13. If any proposed nomination was not made or proposed in compliance with this Section
2.13, or other business was not made or proposed in compliance with this Section 2.13, or if any stockholder, beneficial owner, control
person, or any nominee for director acted contrary to any representation or other agreement required by this Section 2.13 (or with any
law, rule, or regulation identified therein) or provided false or misleading information to the Corporation, then except as otherwise
required by law, the chair of the meeting shall have the power and duty to declare that such nomination shall be disregarded or that such
proposed other business shall not be transacted. Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, unless otherwise required by
law, if a Proposing Stockholder intending to propose business or make nominations at an annual meeting or propose a nomination at a special
meeting pursuant to this Section 2.13 does not comply with or provide the information required under this Section 2.13 to the Corporation,
including the evidence required by Section 2.13(e)(ii) by no later than five business days prior to the applicable meeting or the Proposing

12

Stockholder (or a qualified representative
of the Proposing Stockholder) does not appear at the meeting to present the proposed business or nominations, such business or nominations
shall not be considered, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such business or nominations may have been received by the Corporation.

(ii)If any stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, such stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation,
no later than five business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met all of the applicable requirements
of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. Without limiting the other provisions and requirements of this Section 2.13, unless otherwise required
by law, if any Proposing Stockholder provides such notice and either (A) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the
Exchange Act, or (B) fails to timely provide reasonable evidence of such compliance as required by this Section 2.13(e)(ii), then the
Proposing Stockholders nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that the nominee is included
as a nominee in the Corporations proxy statement, notice of meeting, or other proxy materials for any annual meeting (or any supplement
thereto) and the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for such stockholders nominees.

(g)Rule 14a-8. This Section 2.13 shall not apply to a proposal proposed to be made by a stockholder if the stockholder has
notified the Corporation of the stockholders intention to present the proposal at an annual or special meeting only pursuant to
and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and such proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared
by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such meeting.

2.14 Delivery to the Corporation. Whenever
this Article II requires one or more persons (including a record or beneficial owner of capital stock) to deliver a document or information
to the secretary of the Corporation or agent thereof (including any notice, request, questionnaire, revocation, representation or other
document or agreement), the Corporation shall not be required to accept delivery of such document or information unless the document or
information is exclusively in writing (and not in an electronic transmission) and delivered exclusively by hand (including overnight courier
service) or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.

ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS

3.1 POWERS. The business and
affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may adopt such
rules and procedures, not inconsistent with the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, or applicable law, as it may deem proper for
the conduct of its meetings and the management of the Corporation.

3.2 NUMBER OF DIRECTORS. The
Board of Directors shall consist of not less than three (3) and not more than twelve (12) directors as fixed from time to time by resolution
of a majority of the total number of directors that the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies. Each director shall hold office
until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until the directors earlier death, resignation, disqualification, or removal.

3.3 NEWLY CREATED DIRECTORSHIPS
AND VACANCIES. Any newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors and any vacancies occurring
in the Board of Directors, may be filled by the affirmative votes of a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although
less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. A director so elected shall be elected to hold office until the earlier of the expiration
of the term of office of the director whom the director has replaced, a successor is duly elected and qualified, or the earlier of such
directors death, resignation, or removal.

3.4 RESIGNATION. Any director
may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect
at the date of receipt of such notice by the Corporation or at such later effective date or upon the happening of an event or events as
is therein specified. A resignation that is conditioned on a director failing to receive a specified vote for reelection as a director
may provide that it is irrevocable. A verbal resignation shall not be deemed effective until confirmed by the director in writing or by
electronic transmission to the Corporation.

13

3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS
BY TELEPHONE. The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware. Unless
otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated
by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone
or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation
in a meeting pursuant to this Bylaw shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS. Regular
meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined
by the Board of Directors.

3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special
meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such times and at such places, if any, as may be determined by the Chair of the Board
on at least 48 hours notice to each director given by one of the means specified in Section 3.9 hereof other than by mail or on
at least three days notice if given by mail. Special meetings shall be called by the Chair of the Board in like manner and on like
notice on the written request of any two or more directors. The notice need not state the purposes of the special meeting and, unless
indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting.

3.8 ADJOURNED MEETINGS. A
majority of the directors present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, including an adjourned meeting, whether or not a quorum is
present, may adjourn and reconvene such meeting to another time and place. At least 24 hours notice of any adjourned meeting of
the Board of Directors shall be given to each director whether or not present at the time of the adjournment, if such notice shall be
given by one of the means specified in Section 3.9 hereof other than by mail, or at least three days notice if by mail. Any business
may be transacted at an adjourned meeting that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.

3.9 NOTICES. Subject to Section
3.7, Section 3.8, and Section 3.10 hereof, whenever notice is required to be given to any director by applicable law, the Certificate
of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, such notice shall be deemed given effectively if given in person or by telephone, mail addressed to
such director at such directors address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, facsimile, email, or by other means of
electronic transmission.

3.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE. Whenever
notice to directors is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof, in writing signed
by, or by electronic transmission by, the director entitled to the notice, whether before or after such notice is required, shall be deemed
equivalent to notice. Attendance by a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting except when the director
attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business on the ground
that the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special
Board of Directors or committee meeting need be specified in any waiver of notice.

3.11 ORGANIZATION. At each
regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board or, in the Chairs absence, the Vice-Chair shall preside.
The Secretary shall act as secretary at each meeting of the Board of Directors. If the Secretary is absent from any meeting of the Board
of Directors, an assistant secretary of the Corporation shall perform the duties of secretary at such meeting; and in the absence from
any such meeting of the Secretary and all assistant secretaries of the Corporation, the person presiding at the meeting may appoint any
person to act as secretary of the meeting.

3.12 QUORUM. Except as otherwise
provided by these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation, or required by applicable law, the presence of a majority of the total number
of directors shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors.

3.13 ACTION BY MAJORITY VOTE.
Except as otherwise provided by these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation, or required by applicable law, the vote of a majority
of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.

3.14 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN
CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all directors or members
of such

14

committee, as the case may be, consent thereto
in writing or by electronic transmission and any consent may be documented, signed, and delivered in any manner permitted by Section 116
of the DGCL. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings of the
Board of Directors or committee in accordance with applicable law.

3.15 FEES AND COMPENSATION
OF DIRECTORS. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have the authority
to fix the compensation of directors.

3.16 CHAIR OF THE BOARD. The
Board of Directors shall annually elect one of its members to be its chair (the Chair of the Board) and shall fill
any vacancy in the position of Chair of the Board at such time and in such manner as the Board of Directors shall determine. Except as
otherwise provided in these Bylaws, the Chair of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and of stockholders.
The Chair of the Board shall perform such other duties and services as shall be assigned to or required of the Chair of the Board by the
Board of Directors.

3.17 VICE CHAIR OF THE BOARD.
The Board of Directors may designate one or more Vice Chairs who shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, perform such
duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors.

3.18 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS.
The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation.
The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified
member at any meeting of the committee. If a member of a committee shall be absent from any meeting, or disqualified from voting, the
remaining member or members present at the meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute
a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified
member. Any such committee, to the extent permitted by applicable law, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the
Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be
affixed to all papers that may require it to the extent so authorized by the Board of Directors. Unless the Board of Directors provides
otherwise, at all meetings of such committee, a majority of the then authorized members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business, and the vote of a majority of the members of the committee present at any meeting at which there is a quorum
shall be the act of the committee. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings. Unless the Board of Directors provides otherwise,
each committee designated by the Board of Directors may make, alter, and repeal rules and procedures for the conduct of its business.
In the absence of such rules and procedures each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board of Directors conducts
its business pursuant to this Article III.

ARTICLE IV - OFFICERS

4.1 POSITIONS AND ELECTION.
The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall include a Chief Executive Officer and a secretary.
The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, a president, a chief financial officer or treasurer, one (1)
or more vice presidents, one (1) or more assistant vice presidents, one (1) or more assistant treasurers, one (1) or more assistant secretaries,
and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws. Any two or more offices may be held
by the same person.

4.2 TERM. Each officer of
the Corporation shall hold office until such officers successor is elected and qualified or until such officers earlier
death, resignation, or removal. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed by the Board of Directors at
any time with or without cause by the majority vote of the members of the Board of Directors then in office. The removal of an officer
shall be without prejudice to such officers contract rights, if any. The election or appointment of an officer shall not of itself
create contract rights. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving notice of their resignation in writing, or by
electronic transmission, to the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified
therein or, if the time when it shall become effective shall not be specified therein, immediately upon its receipt. Unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Should any vacancy

15

occur among the officers, the position shall be
filled for the unexpired portion of the term by appointment made by the Board of Directors.

4.3 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER.
The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have responsibility for the general and active management
of the business of the Corporation and shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the Chief Executive Officer
of a corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect
and shall implement the general directives, plans and policies formulated by the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer may employ
and discharge employees and agents of the Corporation, except such as shall be appointed by the Board of Directors, and he or she may
delegate these powers. In the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings
of the stockholders. Except where by law the signature of the President is required, the Chief Executive Officer shall exercise all the
powers and discharge all the duties of the President. The Chief Executive Officer shall also perform such other duties and may exercise
such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such Officer by these Bylaws or by the Board of Directors.

4.4 PRESIDENT. The President
shall have such responsibilities and authority as determined by these Bylaws or by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

4.5 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER.
The Chief Financial Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have responsibility for the financial management
of the Corporation. The Chief Financial Officer shall have such powers and perform such duties as from time to time may be assigned to
him or her by the Board of the Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall keep and maintain, or cause
to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of the Corporation, using appropriate accounting principles; have supervision
over and be responsible for the financial affairs of the Corporation; cause to be kept at the principal executive office of the Corporation
and preserved for review as required by law or regulation all financial records of the Corporation; be responsible for the establishment
of adequate internal control over the transactions and books of account of the Corporation; and be responsible for rendering to the proper
Officers and the Board of Directors upon request, and to the stockholders and other parties as required by law or regulation, financial
statements of the Corporation.

4.6 VICE PRESIDENT. The Vice
President or Vice Presidents, in the order designated by the Board of Directors, shall be vested with all the powers and required to perform
all the duties of the President in his or her absence or disability and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board
of Directors.

4.7 SECRETARY. The Secretary
shall perform all the duties commonly incident to his or her office, and keep accurate minutes of all meetings of the stockholders, the
Board of Directors and the Committees of the Board of Directors, recording all the proceedings of such meetings in a book or books to
be kept for that purpose. He or she shall give, or cause to be given, proper notice of meetings of stockholders and the Board of Directors.
If the Secretary shall be unable or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and meetings of the Board
of Directors, then either the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may choose another Officer to cause such notice to be
given. The Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and the Secretary shall have authority to affix the same to any
instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by the signature of the Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general
authority to any other Officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest to the affixing by such Officers signature. The
Secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept or filed
are properly kept or filed, as the case may be, and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors shall designate.

4.8 TREASURER. The Treasurer
may be the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall have custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation
and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all monies
and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of
Directors. He or she shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer
or Chief Financial Officer, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or whenever the Board of Directors may require it, an account of all his
or her transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. Until such time as a controller may be elected by
the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall also maintain

16

adequate records of all assets, liabilities and
transactions of the Corporation and shall see that adequate audits thereof are currently and regularly made. The Treasurer shall cause
to be prepared, compiled and filed such reports, statements, statistics and other data as may be required by law or prescribed by the
Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer. If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall give the Corporation
a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors for the faithful performance of
the duties of the office of the Treasurer and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of the Treasurers death, resignation,
retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in the Treasurers
possession or under the Treasurers control belonging to the Corporation. The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties and
may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such Officer by these Bylaws or by the Board of Directors, the
Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer.

4.9 OTHER OFFICERS. Such other
Officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them
by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other Officer of the Corporation the power to choose such other
Officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.

4.10 VOTING SECURITIES OWNED
BY THE CORPORATION. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating to securities owned
by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer,
President, Chief Financial Officer, any Vice President or any other Officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such
Officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such Officer may deem advisable to vote in person
or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting
shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof,
the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like
powers upon any other person or persons.

4.11 DUTIES OF OFFICERS MAY
BE DELEGATED. In case any officer is absent, or for any other reason that the Board of Directors may deem sufficient, the Chief Executive
Officer or the President or the Board of Directors may delegate for the time being the powers or duties of such officer to any other officer
or to any director.

ARTICLE V - STOCK
CERTIFICATES AND THEIR TRANSFER

5.1 CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING
SHARES. The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates; provided that the Board of Directors may provide
by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any class or series shall be uncertificated shares that may be evidenced by a book-entry
system maintained by the registrar of such stock. If shares are represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in the form, other
than bearer form, approved by the Board of Directors. The certificates representing shares of stock shall be signed by, or in the name
of, the Corporation by any two authorized officers of the Corporation. Any or all such signatures may be facsimiles. In case any officer,
transfer agent, or registrar who has signed such a certificate ceases to be an officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate
has been issued, it may nevertheless be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if the signatory were still such at the date
of its issue.

5.2 TRANSFERS OF STOCK. Stock
of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law and in these Bylaws. Transfers of stock shall be made on the
books administered by or on behalf of the Corporation only by the direction of the registered holder thereof or such persons attorney,
lawfully constituted in writing, and, in the case of certificated shares, upon the surrender to the Company or its transfer agent or other
designated agent of the certificate thereof, which shall be cancelled before a new certificate or uncertificated shares shall be issued.

5.3 TRANSFER AGENTS AND REGISTRARS.
The Board of Directors may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars.

5.4 LOST, STOLEN, OR DESTROYED
CERTIFICATES. The Board of Directors or the Secretary may direct a new certificate or uncertificated shares to be issued in place of any
certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the owner of the allegedly lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or uncertificated

17

shares, the Board of Directors or the Secretary
may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of the lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate,
or the owners legal representative to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made
against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed or the issuance of such new certificate
or uncertificated shares.

5.5 STOCKHOLDERS OF RECORD.
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive
dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares,
and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person,
whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law.

ARTICLE VI - GENERAL MATTERS

6.1 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE
CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS. The Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers,
or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority
may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or within the agency power
of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or
to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.

6.2 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS.
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction
of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes
the singular, and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural person.

6.3 DIVIDENDS. The Board of
Directors, subject to any restrictions contained in either (i) the DGCL or (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay
dividends upon the shares of its capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the Corporations capital
stock. The Board of Directors may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for
any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing
or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies.

6.4 FISCAL YEAR. The fiscal
year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors and may be changed by the Board of Directors.

6.5 SEAL. The Corporation
may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be adopted and which may be altered by the Board of Directors. The Corporation may use the corporate
seal by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.

ARTICLE VII - NOTICES

7.1 NOTICES. Whenever written
notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any stockholder, such notice may be given
by mail, addressed to such stockholder, at such persons address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon
prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Without limiting
the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under
applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission if consented
to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Corporation.
Any such consent shall be deemed to be revoked if (i) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive
notices by the Corporation in accordance with such consent, and (ii) such inability becomes known to the Secretary of the Corporation
or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, that the inadvertent failure to treat
such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. Notice given by electronic transmission, as described
above, shall be deemed given: (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which

18

the stockholder has consented to receive notice;
(ii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (iii)
if by a posting on an electronic network, together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of
(a) such posting and (b) the giving of such separate notice; and (iv) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to
the stockholder. Notice to Directors or Committee members may be given personally, by mail as described above, or by telegram, telex,
cable or by means of electronic transmission.

7.2 WAIVERS OF NOTICE. Whenever
any notice is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any Director, member of a Committee
or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission
by the person or persons entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance
of a person at a meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where
the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business
because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special
meeting of stockholders or any regular or special meeting of the Directors or members of a Committee of Directors need be specified in
any written waiver of notice unless so required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

ARTICLE VIII - INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
AND OFFICERS. The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, each person who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or
is otherwise involved in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (a Proceeding),
by reason of the fact that such person, or a person for whom such person is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer
of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director,
officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise, or nonprofit entity, including service
with respect to employee benefit plans, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended,
against all expense, liability, and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts
paid or to be paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by such person. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Corporation
shall be required to indemnify and hold harmless a person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such person only
if (i) the commencement of such Proceeding (or part thereof) by the person was authorized in the specific case by the Board of Directors
or (ii) indemnification is authorized pursuant to Section 8.4 of this Article VIII.

8.2 INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS.
The Corporation shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists
or may hereafter be amended, any employee or agent of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise
involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was
an employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee
benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding.

8.3 ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES.
Subject to the next sentence, the Corporation shall pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred
by a current director or officer of the Corporation in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition, upon receipt of an
undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay all amounts advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision
from which there is no further right to appeal that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under Section 8.1
or otherwise. Payment of such expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person, may be made by the Corporation, subject to such
terms and conditions as the general counsel of the Corporation in their discretion deems appropriate; provided that no such terms and
conditions may be imposed with respect to persons who are or were directors of the Corporation.

8.4 DETERMINATION; CLAIM.
If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such Proceeding) or advancement of expenses under this ARTICLE VIII
- is not paid in full within sixty (60) days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation the claimant may file
suit to recover the unpaid amount

19

of such claim and, if successful in whole or in
part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any such action the
Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the claimant was not entitled to the requested indemnification or payment of expenses
under applicable law.

8.5 NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS.
The rights conferred on any person by this Article VIII will not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter
acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors, or otherwise, both as to action in their official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. The Corporation
is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees, or agents respecting
indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL

8.6 INSURANCE. The Corporation
shall purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust enterprise or non-profit entity against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any
such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her
against such liability under the provisions of the DGCL.

8.7 OTHER INDEMNIFICATION.
The Corporations obligation, if any, to indemnify or advance expenses to any person who was or is serving at its request as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity shall be reduced
by any amount such person may collect as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, enterprise or non-profit enterprise.

8.8 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION.
The rights to indemnification provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall continue notwithstanding that the person has
ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors, administrators,
legatees and distributees of such person.

8.9 AMENDMENT OR REPEAL.
The rights conferred upon persons entitled to indemnification and advancement in this Article VIII shall be contract rights and such
rights shall continue as to any such person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of such persons
heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article VIII that adversely affects any right of any
such person or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit, eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any
proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment or
repeal.

ARTICLE I - AMENDMENTS

These Bylaws may be adopted,
amended, or repealed in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation.

* * * *

20

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF
BYLAWS

The undersigned hereby certifies that he or she
is the duly elected, qualified, and acting Secretary of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and that the foregoing
Bylaws, comprising 20 pages, were amended and restated effective as of March 12, 2025 by the Corporations board of directors.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto
executed this certificate on this 12th day of March, 2025.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Secretary

21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dp226079_ex0401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXECUTION VERSION

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 12, 2025

among

SPIRIT IP CAYMAN LTD. and 

SPIRIT LOYALTY CAYMAN Ltd.,

as Co-Issuers,

SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC.,

as Parent Guarantor,

THE OTHER GUARANTORS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO

and

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee and Collateral Custodian

PIK TOGGLE SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2030

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

Article 1 DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 1

Section 1.01 Definitions 1

Section 1.02 Other Definitions 49

Section 1.03 [Reserved] 51

Section 1.04 Rules of Construction 51

Section 1.05 Acts of Holders 51

Section 1.06 Limited Condition Transactions. 53

Article 2 THE NOTES 54

Section 2.01 Form and Dating; Terms 54

Section 2.02 Execution and Authentication 55

Section 2.03 Registrar and Paying Agent 56

Section 2.04 Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 56

Section 2.05 Holder Lists 57

Section 2.06 Transfer and Exchange 57

Section 2.07 Replacement Notes 69

Section 2.08 Outstanding Notes 69

Section 2.09 Treasury Notes; Competitors 70

Section 2.10 Temporary Notes 70

Section 2.11 Cancellation 70

Section 2.12 Defaulted Interest 71

Section 2.13 CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 71

Section 2.14 Prohibition on Transfers to Competitors 71

Section 2.15 Co-Issuers 71

Section 2.16 Payment of Interest 73

Article 3 REDEMPTION 74

Section 3.01 Notices to Trustee 74

Section 3.02 Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed 74

Section 3.03 Notice of Redemption 75

Section 3.04 Effect of Notice of Redemption 76

Section 3.05 Deposit of Redemption or Purchase Price 76

Section 3.06 Notes Redeemed or Purchased in Part 76

Section 3.07 Optional Redemption 77

Section 3.08 Mandatory Prepayments 78

Section 3.09 Mandatory Repurchase Offers 79

Article 4 COVENANTS 82

Section 4.01 Payment of Notes 82

Section 4.02 Collections 84

-i- 

Section 4.03 Collection Account; Debt Service Coverage Ratio Cure 84

Section 4.04 Notes Payment Account 85

Section 4.05 Notes Reserve Account 86

Section 4.06 Operation of the Free Spirit Program 87

Section 4.07 Maintenance of Rating 89

Section 4.08 Restricted Payments 89

Section 4.09 Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock 93

Section 4.10 Liens 98

Section 4.11 Restrictions on Disposition of Collateral 98

Section 4.12 ECF Account 99

Section 4.13 Restrictions on Business Activities 100

Section 4.14 Transactions with Affiliates 100

Section 4.15 Liquidity 101

Section 4.16 Appraisals 101

Section 4.17 Financial Statements and Other Reports 102

Section 4.18 Corporate Existence 104

Section 4.19 Use of Proceeds 105

Section 4.20 Specified Organizational Documents 105

Section 4.21 Intellectual Property 105

Section 4.22 Required Excess Cash Flow Repurchase Offers 106

Section 4.23 Offer to Repurchase Upon Parent Change of Control 108

Section 4.24 Maintenance of Office or Agency 110

Section 4.25 Taxes 111

Section 4.26 Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 111

Section 4.27 Compliance with Laws 111

Section 4.28 Regulatory Matters; Citizenship, Utilization; Collateral Requirements 111

Section 4.29 [Reserved]. 112

Section 4.30 Further Assurances 112

Section 4.31 Collateral Ownership 114

Section 4.32 Mandatory Prepayments 115

Section 4.33 Insurance 115

Section 4.34 Pledged Real Property Assets 115

Section 4.35 Liability Management Transactions 117

Section 4.36 Holdco Guarantor 118

Section 4.37 Amendments to Revolving Credit Agreement; Changes in Revolving Priority Collateral. 119

Section 4.38 Post-Closing Matters. 119

Article 5 SUCCESSORS 120

Section 5.01 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 120

Section 5.02 Successor Corporation Substituted 121

Article 6 CASH TRAP, DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 121

Section 6.01 Cash Trap 122

-ii- 

Section 6.02 Events of Default 122

Section 6.03 Remedies Exercisable by the Trustee 125

Section 6.04 Waiver of Past Defaults 125

Section 6.05 Control by Majority 126

Section 6.06 Limitation on Suits 126

Section 6.07 Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment 126

Section 6.08 Collection Suit by Trustee 126

Section 6.09 Restoration of Rights and Remedies 126

Section 6.10 Rights and Remedies Cumulative 127

Section 6.11 Delay or Omission Not Waiver 127

Section 6.12 Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 127

Section 6.13 Undertaking for Costs 128

Article 7 TRUSTEE 128

Section 7.01 Duties of Trustee 128

Section 7.02 Rights of Trustee and Collateral Custodian 129

Section 7.03 Individual Rights of Trustee 131

Section 7.04 Trustees Disclaimer 132

Section 7.05 Notice of Defaults 132

Section 7.06 [Reserved.] 132

Section 7.07 Compensation and Indemnity 132

Section 7.08 Replacement of Trustee 133

Section 7.09 Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc 134

Section 7.10 Eligibility; Disqualification 134

Section 7.11 Replacement of Collateral Custodian 134

Article 8 LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 134

Section 8.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 134

Section 8.02 Legal Defeasance and Discharge 134

Section 8.03 Covenant Defeasance 135

Section 8.04 Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance 135

Section 8.05 Deposited Money and Government Securities to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions 136

Section 8.06 Repayment to Co-Issuers 137

Section 8.07 Reinstatement 137

Section 8.08 Application of Trust Money 137

Article 9 AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 138

Section 9.01 Without Consent of Holders of Notes 138

Section 9.02 With Consent of Holders of Notes 139

Section 9.03 [Reserved] 142

Section 9.04 Revocation and Effect of Consents 142

Section 9.05 Notation on or Exchange of Notes 143

Section 9.06 Trustee to Sign Amendments, Etc.; Collateral Agent. 143

-iii- 

Article 10 GUARANTEES 143

Section 10.01 Guarantee 143

Section 10.02 Limitation on Guarantor Liability 144

Section 10.03 Execution and Delivery 145

Section 10.04 Benefits Acknowledged 145

Section 10.05 Release of Note Guarantees 145

Article 11 SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 145

Section 11.01 Satisfaction and Discharge 145

Section 11.02 Application of Trust Money 146

Article 12 MISCELLANEOUS 147

Section 12.01 [Reserved] 147

Section 12.02 Notices 147

Section 12.03 [Reserved] 148

Section 12.04 Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 148

Section 12.05 Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 149

Section 12.06 Rules by Trustee and Agents 149

Section 12.07 No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 149

Section 12.08 Governing Law 149

Section 12.09 Waiver of Jury Trial 149

Section 12.10 No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 150

Section 12.11 Successors 150

Section 12.12 Severability 150

Section 12.13 Counterpart Originals 150

Section 12.14 Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 150

Section 12.15 U.S.A. PATRIOT Act 150

Section 12.16 Jurisdiction 151

Section 12.17 Legal Holidays 151

Section 12.18 Currency Indemnity 151

Section 12.19 Waiver of Immunity 152

Article 13 COLLATERAL 152

Section 13.01 Collateral Documents 152

Section 13.02 Non-Impairment of Liens 153

Section 13.03 Release of Collateral 153

Section 13.04 Release upon Termination of the Co-Issuers Obligations 154

Section 13.05 Suits to Protect the Collateral 154

Section 13.06 Authorization of Receipt of Funds by the Trustee Under the Collateral Documents 154

Section 13.07 Lien Sharing and Priority Confirmation 155

Section 13.08 Limited Recourse 155

-iv- 

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Note

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Transfer

Exhibit C Form of Certificate of Exchange

Exhibit D Form of Supplemental Indenture to be Delivered by Subsequent
Guarantors

Exhibit E Form of Payment Date Statement

Exhibit F Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited
Investor

SCHEDULES

Schedule 1.01(a) Contribution Agreements

Schedule 4.06(e) Material Free Spirit Agreements

-v- 

INDENTURE, dated as of March
12, 2025, among Spirit IP Cayman Ltd., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the
Brand Issuer), Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws
of the Cayman Islands (the Loyalty Issuer, and together with the Brand Issuer, the Co-Issuers
and each a Co-Issuer), Spirit Airlines, Inc. (Spirit or the Parent), as
a guarantor (in such capacity, the Parent Guarantor), upon the effectiveness of the Holdco Guarantor Supplemental
Indenture, Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as a guarantor (in such capacity, the Holdco Guarantor),
the other Guarantors from time to time party hereto, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, as Trustee
and Collateral Custodian.

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, the Co-Issuers have
duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture to provide for the issuance of $840,000,000 aggregate principal amount of
PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (excluding PIK Notes (as defined below), the Initial Notes);

WHEREAS, the obligations of
the Co-Issuers with respect to the due and punctual payment of interest, principal and premium, if any, on the Notes and the performance
and observation of each covenant and agreement under this Indenture on the part of the Co-Issuers to be performed or observed will be
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantors;

WHEREAS, all things necessary
(i) to make the Notes, when executed and duly issued by the Co-Issuers and authenticated and delivered hereunder, the valid obligations
of the Co-Issuers and (ii) to make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Co-Issuers have been done; and

WHEREAS, the Guarantors party
hereto have duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture as guarantors of the Notes, and all things necessary (i) to make
the Note Guarantee, when the Notes are executed and duly issued by the Co-Issuers and authenticated and delivered hereunder, the valid
obligations of such Guarantors and (ii) to make this Indenture a valid agreement of such Guarantors, in accordance with its terms, have
been done.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Co-Issuers,
the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable
benefit of the Holders of the Notes.

Article
1 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

Section
1.01Definitions.

144A Global Note
means a Global Note substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private Placement Legend
and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the Notes Depositary or its nominee that will be issued in a denomination
equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A.

Account Control
Agreements means each multi-party security and control agreement entered into by any Grantor, a financial institution which
maintains one or more deposit accounts or securities accounts and the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, that have been pledged
to the Trustee or Collateral Agent, as applicable, as Collateral under the Collateral Documents or any other Notes Documents, in each
case giving the Trustee or Collateral Agent, as applicable, control (as defined in Section 8-106 or 9-104

1

of the UCC) over the applicable account (subject
to any applicable intercreditor agreement (including the Intercreditor Agreements)) and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, as applicable.

Acquired Debt
means, with respect to any specified Person:

(i)Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or preferred stock of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is merged, consolidated
or amalgamated with or into such specified Person, or became a Subsidiary of such specified Person, to the extent such Indebtedness is
incurred or such Disqualified Stock or preferred stock is issued in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person merging,
consolidating or amalgamating with or into, or becoming a Subsidiary of, such specified Person; and

(ii)Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Person.

Act of Required
Debtholders has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

AEOI Regulations
means the Cayman Islands regulations which have been issued to give effect to the US IGA and CRS.

Affiliate
means, as to any Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly is in control of, or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, a Person shall be deemed to be controlled by another Person, if such
controlling person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such
Person, whether by contract or otherwise; provided that the PBGC shall not be an Affiliate of any Co-Issuer or any Guarantor; and
provided further that Walkers Fiduciary Limited shall not be an Affiliate of the Co-Issuers or the Cayman Guarantors.

Agent
means each of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent, the Depositary and the Collateral Custodian.

Aircraft
means any contrivance invented, used, or designed to navigate, or fly in, the air.

Aircraft and Spare
Engine Mortgage means the Mortgage and Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, entered into by Spirit, each other
applicable Grantor and the Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated
from time to time.

Aircraft Related
Equipment means Aircraft (including airframes and appliances), Engines, Propellers, spare parts, Aircraft parts, simulators
and other training devices, quick engine change kits, passenger loading bridges or other flight or ground equipment and other operating
assets.

Aircraft Related
Facilities means (i) airport terminal facilities, including without limitation, baggage systems, loading bridges and related
equipment, building, infrastructure and maintenance facilities, tooling facilities, club rooms, apron, fueling systems or facilities,
signage/image systems, administrative offices, information technology systems and security systems, (ii) airline support facilities, including
without limitation, cargo, catering, mail, ground service equipment, ramp control, deicing, hangars, aircraft parts/storage, training,
office and reservations facilities and (iii) all equipment and tooling used in connection with the foregoing.

2

Airport Authority
means any city or any public or private board or other body or organization chartered or otherwise established for the purpose of administering,
operating or managing airports or related facilities, which in each case is an owner, administrator, operator or manager of one or more
airports or related facilities.

Allocation Date
means, with respect to any Payment Date and the related Quarterly Reporting Period, the Business Day that is two (2) Business Days prior
to such Payment Date.

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of the United States applicable to the Holdco Guarantor, Spirit or their Subsidiaries
from time to time intended to prevent or restrict bribery or corruption.

Appliance
shall mean any instrument, equipment, apparatus, part, appurtenance, or accessory used, capable of being used, or intended to be used,
in operating or controlling Aircraft in flight, including a parachute, communication equipment, and another mechanism installed in or
attached to Aircraft during flight, and not a part of an Aircraft, Engine, or Propeller.

Applicable Procedures
means, with respect to any selection of Notes, transfer or exchange of or for beneficial interests in any Global Note, the rules and procedures
of the Notes Depositary, Euroclear and/or Clearstream that apply to such selection, transfer or exchange.

Appraisal
has the meaning assigned to such term in the Revolving Credit Agreement.

Available Funds
means, with respect to any Payment Date, the sum of (i) the amount of funds allocated to the Notes pursuant to the Collateral Agency and
Accounts Agreement for such Payment Date and transferred from any Collection Account to the Notes Payment Account on or prior to such
Payment Date as contemplated under Section 4.03 and pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement, (ii)
any amounts transferred to the Notes Payment Account from the Notes Reserve Account for application on such Payment Date as set forth
in Section 4.05, and (iii) any other amount deposited into the Notes Payment Account by or on behalf of any Co-Issuer on or prior
to such Payment Date.

Bank of America
Affinity Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2020, between Spirit and
Bank of America, N.A., as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Banking Product
Obligations means, as applied to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect
of any treasury, depository and cash management services, netting services and automated clearing house transfers of funds services, including
obligations for the payment of fees, interest, charges, expenses, attorneys fees and disbursements in connection therewith.

Bankruptcy Code
means the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as heretofore and hereafter amended, and codified as 11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.

Bankruptcy Default
means any Event of Default described in Section 6.02(a)(v) and/or Section 6.02(a)(vi).

Bankruptcy Law
means the Bankruptcy Code or any similar federal, state or foreign law relating to reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up,
liquidation, dissolution, composition or other debtor relief, including Part V and sections 86-88 (inclusive) of the Companies Law (as
amended) of the Cayman Islands and the Companies Winding Up Rules 2018 of the Cayman Islands, each as amended from

3

time to time, and any bankruptcy, insolvency,
winding up, reorganization or similar law enacted under the laws of the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdiction.

Beneficial Owner
has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that in calculating the beneficial ownership
of any particular person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), such person will
be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire by conversion or exercise
of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only after the passage of time.

Board of Directors
means:

(1) with
respect to a corporation or an exempted company, the board of directors of the corporation or exempted company, as applicable, or any
committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board;

(2) with
respect to a partnership, the board of directors of the general partner of the partnership;

(3) with
respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members, manager or managers or any controlling committee of managing members
or managers thereof; and

(4) with
respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function.

Brand Collection
Account means the non-interest bearing trust account of Brand Issuer held at Wilmington Trust, National Association, account
name: Brand Collection Account, which account is established and maintained at the Depositary and under the control of the
Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement, or any successor account that is an Eligible Account and which
is under the control of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Brand Intellectual
Property means all worldwide rights, owned or purported to be owned, or later developed or acquired and owned or purported
to be owned, by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries, in and to all Intellectual Property comprising (a) all trademarks, service marks, brand
names, designs, and logos that include the word Spirit or any successor brand (collectively, the Trademarks)
and (b) the spirit.com domain name and similar domain names or any successor domain names (collectively, the Domain
Names), including (i) all causes of action and claims now or hereafter held by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries in respect
of the Trademarks and Domain Names, including the right to sue or otherwise recover for any and all past, present and future infringements
or dilutions thereof and (ii) all other trademark rights corresponding thereto and all other trademark rights of any kind whatsoever accruing
under the Trademarks and Domain Names; together, in each case, with the goodwill of the business connected with such use of, and symbolized
by, each of the Trademarks and Domain Names.

Brand IP Licenses
means the HoldCo 2 Brand License and the Parent Brand Sublicense.

Brand Issuer to
Loyalty Issuer License means that certain Loyalty Program Brand License Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2020, by and between
the Brand Issuer, as licensor, and Loyalty Issuer, as licensee, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

4

Brand Management
Agreement means that certain Brand Management Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2020, among the Brand Issuer, HoldCo 2,
Spirit, as manager, and the Collateral Agent, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City, Wilmington, Delaware, or such other
domestic city in which the corporate trust office of the Trustee or Collateral Agent is located (in each case, as set forth in the Collateral
Agency and Accounts Agreement, as such locations may be updated pursuant to the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement) are required
or authorized to remain closed.

Capital Expenditures
mean, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all
amounts expended or capitalized under capital leases) by Spirit or its Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity with GAAP,
are or are required to be included as capital expenditures on a consolidated statement of cash flows of Spirit and its Subsidiaries.

Capital Lease Obligations
means, at the time any determination is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at that time
be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, and the Stated Maturity
thereof shall be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under such lease prior to the first date upon which such
lease may be prepaid by the lessee without payment of a penalty.

Capital Stock
means:

(1) in
the case of a corporation, corporate stock;

(2) in
the case of an association, exempted company or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents
(however designated) of corporate stock;

(3) in
the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership interests (whether general or limited) or membership interests; and

(4) any
other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of
assets of, the issuing Person, but excluding from all of the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital Stock, whether or
not such debt securities include any right of participation with Capital Stock.

Cash Equivalents
means:

(1) direct
obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States (or by any
agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States), in each case maturing within
one year from the date of acquisition thereof;

(2) direct
obligations of state and local government entities, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof, which
have a rating of at least A- (or the equivalent thereof) from S&P or A3 (or the equivalent thereof) from Moodys;

(3) obligations
of domestic or foreign companies and their subsidiaries (including agencies, sponsored enterprises or instrumentalities chartered by an
Act of Congress, which are not backed

5

by the full faith and credit of the United States),
including bills, notes, bonds, debentures, and mortgage-backed securities, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition
thereof;

(4) Investments
in commercial paper maturing within 365 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a rating of
at least A-2 (or the equivalent thereof) from S&P or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof) from Moodys;

(5) Investments
in certificates of deposit (including Investments made through an intermediary, such as the certificated deposit account registry service),
bankers acceptances, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits and overnight bank deposits maturing within one year from the date
of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office
of any other commercial bank of recognized standing organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof that has a combined
capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $250.0 million;

(6) fully
collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than six months for underlying securities that would otherwise be eligible
for investment;

(7) Investments
in money in an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or in pooled accounts or funds offered
through mutual funds, investment advisors, banks and brokerage houses which invest its assets in obligations of the type described in
clauses (1) through (6) of this definition. This could include, but not be limited to, money market funds or short-term
and intermediate bonds funds;

(8) money
market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (ii) are
rated AAA (or the equivalent thereof) by S&P and Aaa (or the equivalent thereof) by Moodys and (iii) have portfolio assets
of at least $5.0 billion;

(9) deposits
available for withdrawal on demand with commercial banks organized in the United States having capital and surplus in excess of $100.0
million;

(10) securities
with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of
the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government,
the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may
be) are rated at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moodys; and

(11) any
other securities or pools of securities that are classified under GAAP as cash equivalents or short-term investments on a balance sheet.

Cash Interest Rate
means the amount of interest required to be paid in cash pursuant to Section 2.16.

Cash Trap Cure
shall be deemed to occur on, (a) in the case of a Cash Trap Event that arises under Section 6.01(a)(i), the earlier of (i) the
occurrence of a deposit of funds into the Collection Accounts in an amount sufficient to satisfy the Debt Service Coverage Ratio Test
with respect to the Cash Trap Event before the related Payment Date and (ii) the first day of the Quarterly Reporting Period following
the Quarterly Reporting Period related to the Determination Date on which the Debt Service Coverage Ratio Test has been satisfied for
two consecutive Determination Dates following the Determination Date on which the Cash Trap Event was triggered, (b) in the case of a
Cash Trap Event that arises under Section 6.01(a)(ii), the date on which the balance in the Notes Reserve Account is at least equal
to the Notes Reserve

6

Account Required Balance, and (c) in the case
of a Cash Trap Event that arises under Section 6.01(a)(iii), the date that no Event of Default under this Indenture shall exist
or be continuing.

Cash Trap Period
means the period commencing on the occurrence of a Cash Trap Event, and ending on the earlier of (a) the date (if any) on which the Cash
Trap Cure is consummated and (b) the date all Obligations (other than contingent obligations not due and owing) have been paid in full
in cash.

Cayman AML Regulations
means the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (As Revised) and The Guidance Notes on the Prevention and Detection of Money Laundering, Terrorist
Financing and Proliferation Financing in the Cayman Islands (or equivalent legislation and guidance, as applicable), and each as amended
and revised from time to time.

Cayman Guarantors
means HoldCo 1 and HoldCo 2.

Cayman Share Mortgages
means the first priority equitable mortgages over shares in (a) the Loyalty Issuer, dated the Closing Date, between HoldCo 2 and the Collateral
Agent, (b) the Brand Issuer, dated the Closing Date, between HoldCo 2 and the Collateral Agent, (c) HoldCo 2, dated the Closing Date,
between HoldCo 1 and the Collateral Agent, and (d) HoldCo 1, dated the Closing Date, between Spirit and the Collateral Agent, each for
the benefit of the Senior Secured Parties.

Clearstream
means Clearstream Banking S.A. and its successors.

Closing Date
means the date of original issuance of the Notes.

Co-Issuers
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto until a successor replaces the applicable entity in accordance with the applicable provisions
of this Indenture and, thereafter, includes such successor.

Co-Issuer Change
of Control means the failure of the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit to directly or indirectly own 100% of the Equity Interests of
each Co-Issuer, HoldCo 1 and HoldCo 2.

Code
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

Collateral
means all the assets and properties subject to the Liens created by the Collateral Documents and, for purposes of Sections 3.09, 4.10
and 4.11 (and, in each case, the component definitions used therein), shall be deemed to include, and shall include, all Material Real
Property Assets that are not yet subject to the Liens created by the Collateral Documents due to the provisions of Section 4.38.

Collateral Agency
and Accounts Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement dated as of the Closing
Date, among the Co-Issuers, the other Grantors from time to time party thereto, the Trustee, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as
the depositary (the Depositary) and the Collateral Agent, as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Collateral Agent
means Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Senior Secured Parties.

Collateral Coverage
Ratio shall have the meaning set forth in the Revolving Credit Agreement and shall include any analogous term in any subsequent
Revolving Credit Agreement.

7

Collateral Custodian
means Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral custodian, together with its permitted successors and assigns in such capacity,
or any successor or replacement thereto selected pursuant to and in accordance with Section 7.11.

Collateral Documents
means, collectively, this Indenture, any Account Control Agreements, the Security Agreement, each IP Security Agreement, the Collateral
Agency and Accounts Agreement, the Cayman Share Mortgages, the Slot and Gate Security Agreement, the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage,
the Spare Parts Security Agreement, each Real Property Mortgage and other agreements, instruments or documents that create or purport
to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Senior Secured Parties or the Trustee for the benefit of the
Notes Secured Parties, in each case, as may be amended and restated from time to time, and so long as such agreement, instrument or document
shall not have been terminated in accordance with its terms.

Collateral Material
Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral, taken as a whole.

Collateral Sale
means the Disposition of any Collateral.

Collection Account
means, individually or collectively as the context may require, (i) the Loyalty Collection Account and (ii) the Brand Collection Account.

Collections
means, with respect to any Quarterly Reporting Period, the aggregate amount of Transaction Revenues deposited in the Collection Accounts
during such period. For the avoidance of doubt, amounts deposited into any Collection Account to pre-fund the Required Deposit Amount
shall not constitute Collections.

Competitor
means (i) any Person operating a commercial passenger air carrier business, (ii) any other Person that competes with the business of Spirit,
any Cayman Guarantor, any Co-Issuer or any Subsidiary thereof and (iii) any Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i) or (ii) (other
than any Affiliate of such Person under common control with such Person, which Affiliate is not actively involved in the management and/or
operations of such Person).

Consolidated EBITDAR
means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period plus without duplication:

(1) an
amount equal to any unusual or infrequent or nonrecurring loss plus any net loss realized by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries in
connection with any Disposition of assets, to the extent such losses were deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(2) provision
for taxes based on income or profits of such Person and its Subsidiaries, to the extent that such provision for taxes was deducted in
computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(3) the
Fixed Charges of such Person and its Subsidiaries, to the extent that such Fixed Charges were deducted in computing such Consolidated
Net Income; plus

(4) [reserved];
plus

(5) depreciation,
amortization (including amortization of intangibles but excluding amortization of prepaid cash expenses that were paid in a prior period)
and other non-cash charges and expenses (excluding any such non-cash charge or expense to the extent that it represents an

8

accrual of or reserve for cash charges
or expenses in any future period or amortization of a prepaid cash charge or expense that was paid in a prior period) of such Person and
its Subsidiaries to the extent that such depreciation, amortization and other non-cash charges or expenses were deducted in computing
such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(6) the
amortization of debt discount to the extent that such amortization was deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(7) deductions
for grants to any employee of Spirit or its Subsidiaries of any Equity Interests during such period to the extent deducted in computing
such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(8) any
net loss arising from the sale, exchange or other disposition of capital assets by Spirit or its Subsidiaries (including any fixed assets,
whether tangible or intangible, all inventory sold in conjunction with the disposition of fixed assets and all securities) to the extent
such loss was deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(9) any
losses arising under fuel hedging arrangements entered into prior to the Closing Date and any losses actually realized under fuel hedging
arrangements entered into after the Closing Date, in each case to the extent deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(10) proceeds
from business interruption insurance for such period, to the extent not already included in computing such Consolidated Net Income; plus

(11) any
expenses and charges that are covered by indemnification or reimbursement provisions in connection with any permitted acquisition, merger,
disposition, incurrence of Indebtedness, issuance of Equity Interests or any investment to the extent (a) actually indemnified or reimbursed
and (b) deducted in computing such Consolidated Net Income; minus

(12) non-cash
items, other than the accrual of revenue in the Ordinary Course of Business, to the extent such amount increased such Consolidated Net
Income; minus

(13) the
sum of (i) income tax credits and (ii) interest income included in computing such Consolidated Net Income;

in each case, determined on a consolidated basis
in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Net
Income means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the aggregate of the net income (or loss) of such Person
and its Subsidiaries for such period, on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with GAAP and without any reduction in respect
of preferred stock dividends; provided that:

(1)all (a) unusual or infrequent or nonrecurring gains and losses or income or expenses, including any expenses related to
a facilities closing and any reconstruction, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternate uses; any severance or relocation
expenses; executive recruiting costs; restructuring or reorganization costs (whether incurred before or after the effective date of any
applicable reorganization plan); curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans; (b) any expenses
(including transaction costs, integration or transition costs, financial advisory fees, accounting fees, legal fees and other similar
advisory and consulting fees and related out-of-pocket expenses), costs or charges incurred in

9

connection with any issuance of securities
(including the Notes), Investments, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, in each case,
permitted under this Indenture, including a refinancing thereof (in each case whether or not successful); and (c) gains and losses realized
in connection with any sale of assets, the disposition of securities, the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or associated with Hedging
Obligations, together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain, will be excluded;

(2)the net income (but not loss) of any Person that is not the specified Person or a Subsidiary or that is accounted for by
the equity method of accounting will be included for such period only to the extent of the amount of dividends or similar distributions
paid in cash to the specified Person or a Subsidiary of the specified Person;

(3)the net income (but not loss) of any Subsidiary will be excluded to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends
or similar distributions by that Subsidiary of that net income is not at the date of determination permitted without any prior governmental
approval (that has not been obtained) or, directly or indirectly, by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument,
judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Subsidiary or its stockholders;

(4)the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles on such Person will be excluded;

(5)the effect of non-cash gains and losses of such Person resulting from Hedging Obligations, including attributable to movement
in the mark-to-market valuation of Hedging Obligations pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification
815Derivatives and Hedging will be excluded;

(6)any non-cash compensation expense recorded from grants by such Person of stock appreciation or similar rights, stock options
or other rights to officers, directors or employees, will be excluded;

(7)the effect on such Person of any non-cash items resulting from any write-up, write-down or write-off of assets (including
intangible assets, goodwill and deferred financing costs) in connection with any acquisition, disposition, merger, consolidation or similar
transaction or any other non-cash impairment charges incurred subsequent to the Closing Date resulting from the application of Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codifications 205Presentation of Financial Statements, 350IntangiblesGoodwill
and Other, 360Property, Plant and Equipment and 805Business Combinations (excluding any such non-cash item to the extent
that it represents an accrual of or reserve for cash expenditures in any future period except to the extent such item is subsequently
reversed), will be excluded;

(8)any provision for income tax reflected on such Persons financial statements for such period will be excluded to the
extent such provision exceeds the actual amount of taxes paid in cash during such period by such Person and its consolidated Subsidiaries;
and

(9)any amortization of deferred charges resulting from the application of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Codifications 470-20 Debt With Conversion and Other Options that may be settled in cash upon conversion (including partial cash settlement)
will be excluded.

10

Consolidated Total
Debt means on any date of determination, means an amount equal to (x) the amount of third party consolidated Indebtedness for
borrowed money, obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, purchase money indebtedness, Capital Lease
Obligations, contingent purchase obligations in connection with any acquisition to the extent due and unpaid, and amounts drawn under
standby letters of credit (to the extent not reimbursed within two (2) Business Days) of Spirit and its Subsidiaries minus (y) all unrestricted
cash and Cash Equivalents of Spirit, in each case as of the last day of the most recently ended Quarterly Reporting Period.

Contingent Payment
Event means any indemnity, termination payment or liquidated damages under a Free Spirit Agreement.

Contribution Agreement
means each of the agreements set forth on Schedule 1.01(a) and each other contribution agreement entered into prior to or after
the date hereof pursuant to which Spirit has contributed and/or contributes (a) all of its rights, title and interest to the Brand Intellectual
Property owned or purported to be owned, or later developed or acquired and owned, by Spirit, directly or indirectly, to the Brand Issuer
or (b) (i) all of its rights, title and interest to the Loyalty Program Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned, or later
developed or acquired and owned, by Spirit, (ii) all rights to establish, create, organize, initiate, participate, operate, assist, benefit
from, promote or otherwise be involved in or associated with, in any capacity, the Free Spirit Program, Saver$ Club or any other customer
loyalty miles program or any similar customer loyalty program, other than in connection with any Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program,
(iii) all of its payment rights under any Free Spirit Agreement (but not any of its obligations thereunder), including its rights to receive
payment under or with respect to any Free Spirit Agreement and all payments due and to become due thereunder, and (iv) membership fees
from members of the Saver$ Club, in each case of clauses (i) through (iv), directly or indirectly, to the Loyalty Issuer.

Controlled Accounts
means each Collection Account, the Notes Payment Account, the Notes Reserve Account, the ECF Account and the Collateral Proceeds Account.

Convertible Indebtedness
means Indebtedness of Spirit permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Indenture that is either (a) convertible or exchangeable
into common stock of Spirit or a parent company of Spirit (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) and/or cash (in an amount determined
by reference to the price of such common stock) or (b) sold as units with call options, warrants or rights to purchase (or substantially
equivalent derivative transactions) that are exercisable for common stock of Spirit or a parent company of the issuer and/or cash (in
an amount determined by reference to the price of such common stock).

Core Collateral
Failure shall have the meaning set forth in the Revolving Credit Agreement and shall include any analogous term in any subsequent
Revolving Credit Agreement.

Corporate Trust
Office shall be at the address of the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian, as applicable, specified in Section 12.02
hereof or such other address as to which the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian, respectively, may give notice to the Holders and the
Co-Issuers.

Credit Facilities
means, one or more debt facilities, commercial paper facilities, reimbursement agreements or other agreements, including the Revolving
Credit Agreement, providing for the extension of credit, or securities purchase agreements, indentures or similar agreements, whether
secured or unsecured, in each case, with banks, insurance companies, financial institutions or other lenders or investors providing for,
or acting as initial purchasers of, revolving credit loans, term loans, receivables financing (including through the sale of receivables
to such lenders or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such lenders against such receivables), letters of credit, surety
bonds, insurance products or the issuance and sale of securities, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, extended, refunded,
replaced in any

11

manner (whether upon or after maturity, termination
or otherwise) or refinanced (including by means of sales of debt securities) in whole or in part from time to time.

Credit Facility
Coverage Ratio means, as of any time of determination, the ratio of (i) the sum of (x) the appraised value of the Revolving
Priority Collateral (excluding any Revolving Priority Collateral that constitutes cash or Cash Equivalents) at such time and (y) the aggregate
amount of cash and Cash Equivalents that constitutes Revolving Priority Collateral at such time to (ii) the sum of (x) the aggregate principal
amount of Indebtedness outstanding under, and unfunded commitments in effect under, the Revolving Credit Agreement at such time and (y)
the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding under, and unfunded commitments in effect under, any other Credit Facilities
previously incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(b)(vi) at such time.

CreditShop Co-Brand
Agreement means the Credit Card Co-Brand Program Agreement dated as of August 7, 2020 between Spirit and CreditShop LLC, as
amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

CRS means
the OECD Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account InformationCommon Reporting Standard.

Currency
means miles, points and/or other units that are a medium of exchange constituting a convertible, virtual, and private currency that is
tradable property and that can be sold or issued to Persons.

Data Protection
Laws means all laws, rules and regulations applicable to each applicable Co-Issuer, Guarantor or Subsidiary thereof regarding
privacy, data protection and data security, including with respect to the collection, storage, transmission, transfer (including cross-border
transfers), processing, encryption, security, safeguarding, loss, disclosure and use of Personal Data (including Personal Data of employees,
contractors, customers, loan applicants and third parties), On-line Tracking Data, and email and mobile communications, including any
approvals or notices required in connection therewith.

Day Count Fraction
means the number of days elapsed in such period on a 30/360 basis.

Debt Service Coverage
Ratio means, with respect to any Determination Date commencing with the Determination Date for the Quarterly Reporting Period
ending on June 30, 2025, the ratio obtained by dividing (i) the sum of (x) the aggregate amount of Collections deposited to the Collection
Accounts during the related Quarterly Reporting Period and (y) Cure Amounts deposited to the Collection Accounts on or prior to such Payment
Date (and which remain on deposit in a Collection Account on such Payment Date) by (ii) the Interest Distribution Amount for the related
Payment Date.

Debt Service Coverage
Ratio Test shall be satisfied as of any Determination Date if the Debt Service Coverage Ratio is not less than 2.0 to 1.0.

Default
means any event that, unless cured or waived, is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default.

Definitive Note
means a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.06 hereof, substantially
in the form of Exhibit A hereto except that such Note shall not bear the Global Note Legend and shall not have the Schedule
of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto.

Deposit Account
has the meaning given to it in the UCC.

12

Depositary
means Wilmington Trust, National Association, as depositary under the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Determination Date
means, with respect to any Payment Date and the related Quarterly Reporting Period, commencing with the Quarterly Reporting Period ending
June 30, 2025, the Business Day that is three Business Days prior to such Payment Date.

Direction of Payment
means a notice to each counterparty of a Free Spirit Agreement, which shall include instructions to such counterparties to pay all amounts
due to Spirit or any Subsidiary thereof under the applicable Free Spirit Agreement directly to the Loyalty Collection Account.

Discharge of Senior
Secured Debt Obligations has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Disposition
means, with respect to any property, any sale, lease, sale and leaseback, conveyance, transfer or other disposition thereof. The terms
Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings.

Disqualified Stock
means any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable,
in each case, at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable,
pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, is convertible or exchangeable for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock, or is redeemable
at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the date on which
the Notes mature. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Capital Stock that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the
holders of the Capital Stock have the right to require Spirit or any Subsidiary to repurchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of
a change of control or an asset sale will not constitute Disqualified Stock if the terms of such Capital Stock provide that Spirit or
such Subsidiary may not repurchase or redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions unless such repurchase or redemption complies
with Section 4.08 hereof. The amount of Disqualified Stock deemed to be outstanding at any time for purposes of this Indenture will be
the maximum amount that Spirit and its Subsidiaries may become obligated to pay upon the maturity of, or pursuant to any mandatory redemption
provisions of, such Disqualified Stock, exclusive of accrued dividends.

DOT shall
mean the United States Department of Transportation and any successor thereto.

DTC means
The Depository Trust Company.

Eligible Account
means: (a) a segregated deposit account maintained with a depository institution or trust company whose short term unsecured debt obligations
are rated at least, if rated by S&P, A-1 by S&P, if rated by Moodys, P-1 by Moodys, and, if rated by Fitch, F-1
by Fitch, (b) a segregated account which is maintained with a depository institution or trust company whose long term unsecured debt obligations
are rated at least, if rated by S&P, A by S&P, if rated by Moodys, A2 by Moodys and, if rated by Fitch, BBB- by
Fitch or (c) a segregated trust account maintained in the corporate trust department of a federally or state chartered depository institution
whose long-term senior debt rating is at least, if rated by S&P, BBB- by S&P, if rated by Moodys, Baa3 by Moodys
and, if rated by Fitch, BBB- by Fitch, subject to regulations regarding fiduciary funds on deposit substantially similar to 12 C.F.R.
9.10(b) in effect on the Closing Date.

Eligible Aircraft
shall mean Airbus model A319, A320 or A321 family aircraft (including any new engine option variants of any such aircraft).

13

Eligible Airport
shall mean LaGuardia Airport, Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport and each other airport that constitutes an Eligible Airport
under the Revolving Credit Agreement.

Eligible Slots
shall mean Slots at any Eligible Airport (which shall include any Gate Leaseholds necessary for servicing the scheduled air carrier service
utilizing such Slots).

Eligible Spare Parts
shall mean all Spare Parts and Appliances.

Engine
shall mean an engine used, or intended to be used, to propel an Aircraft, including a part, appurtenance, and accessory of such Engine,
except any Propeller.

Equity Interests
means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible
into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock).

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Euroclear
means Euroclear Bank SA/NV and its successors, as operator of the Euroclear System.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Rate
means, on any day, the rate at which the currency other than the Required Currency may be exchanged into the Required Currency at approximately
11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date on the Bloomberg Key Cross Currency Rates Page for the relevant currency. To the extent that
such rate does not appear on any Bloomberg Key Cross Currency Rate Page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by Spirit in good faith.

Excluded Contributions
means net cash proceeds received by Spirit after the Closing Date from:

(1) contributions to its common equity capital (other than from any Subsidiary); or

(2)the sale (other than to a Subsidiary or to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee
benefit plan or agreement of Spirit or any Subsidiary) of Qualifying Equity Interests, in each case designated as Excluded Contributions
pursuant to an Officers Certificate executed on or around the date such capital contributions are made or the date such Equity
Interests are sold, as the case may be. Excluded Contributions will not be considered to be net proceeds of Qualifying Equity Interests
for purposes of Section 4.07(a)(ii) hereof.

Excluded Intellectual
Property means (a) all Intellectual Property other than (i) the Loyalty Program Intellectual Property and (ii) the Brand Intellectual
Property and (b) all Spirit Traveler Data.

Excluded Property
means:

(i) any
lease, license, instrument, charter, permit, franchise, authorization, contract or other agreement, and any of its rights or interest
thereunder or any property subject thereto, if and to the extent (but only to the extent) that a security interest:

(A) is prohibited
by or in violation of any law, rule or regulation applicable to such Grantor;

14

(B) would
(x) result in a breach of the terms of, or constitute a default under, such lease, license, instrument, charter, permit, franchise, authorization,
contract or other agreement unless and until any required consent shall have been obtained or (y) give any other party to such lease,
license, instrument, charter, permit, franchise, authorization, contract or other agreement the right to terminate its obligations thereunder
pursuant to a valid and enforceable provision;

(C) is
expressly permitted under such lease, license, instrument, charter, permit, franchise, authorization, contract or other agreement only
with consent of the parties thereto (other than consent of a Grantor) and such necessary consents to such grant of a security interest
have not been obtained;

in each case of the foregoing clauses (A) through
(C) unless such law, rule, regulation, term, provision or condition would be rendered ineffective with respect to the creation of the
security interest under the Collateral Documents pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision
or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other Requirement of Law (including the Bankruptcy Code); provided that the
Collateral shall include (and such security interest shall attach) immediately at such time as the contractual or legal prohibition shall
no longer be applicable and to the extent severable, shall attach immediately to any portion of such lease, license, instrument, charter,
permit, franchise, authorization, contract or other agreement not subject to the prohibitions specified in the foregoing clauses (A) through
(C) above;

(ii) any
intent to use trademark applications for which a statement of use has not been filed with and accepted by the United States
Patent and Trademark Office (but only until such statement is filed and accepted);

(iii) any
tax accounts, trust accounts, sales accounts, payroll accounts, any withholding tax and fiduciary accounts, and any escrow accounts holding
funds for the benefit of third parties (other than Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Grantor), including all such accounts (and
the cash and Cash Equivalents held in such accounts) established in accordance with applicable law, rule or regulation for the purpose
of safeguarding funds for the benefit of customers of any regulated Subsidiary of Spirit;

(iv) any
Real Property Asset or other interest in real property that is not a Material Real Property Asset;

(v) [reserved];

(vi) (A)
any asset subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clauses (vii), (viii)(B), (xvi) and/or (xxiii) of Section 4.09(b)
or Specified Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness, (B) any asset that Spirit reasonably expects to pledge as collateral for Indebtedness
to be incurred by Spirit pursuant to clauses (vii), (viii)(B), (xvi) and/or (xxiii) of Section 4.09(b) or Specified Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness, in each case, in respect of which Spirit has a written, binding commitment therefor or (C) any asset that was previously
pledged as collateral for Indebtedness incurred by Spirit pursuant to clauses (vii), (viii)(B), (xvi) and/or (xxiii) of Section 4.09(b)
or any Specified Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness to the extent that (1) such Indebtedness or Specified Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness,
as applicable, has been repaid, discharged or amortized in full and (2) Spirit reasonably expects to pledge such asset as collateral for
any other Indebtedness to be incurred by Spirit pursuant to clauses (vii), (viii)(B), (xvi) and/or (xxiii) of Section 4.09(b) or any Specified
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness; provided that any asset referred to in sub-clause (B) and/or (C) of this clause (vi) shall
not constitute Excluded Property pursuant to such sub-clause (B) or (C) (but, for the avoidance of doubt, may constitute
Excluded Property pursuant to sub-clause (A) of this clause (vi)) to the extent Spirit has not incurred such Indebtedness
referred to in

15

such sub-clause (B) or (C) on or prior to the
date that is 45 days after Spirits entry into such written, binding commitment or the repayment, discharge or amortization in full
of such Indebtedness, as applicable; and

(vii) any
assets with respect to which, in the reasonable determination of Spirit (which determination shall be set forth in a certificate of a
Responsible Officer of Spirit delivered to the Collateral Agent, with such determination as set forth in such certificate being conclusive
and binding for all purposes of this Indenture and the other Notes Documents), the cost, burden, difficulty or other consequences (including
adverse tax consequences) of pledging such assets or perfecting a security interest therein shall be excessive in view of the benefits
to be obtained by the Notes Secured Parties therefrom;

provided, however, that (1) Excluded
Property shall not include any proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of Excluded Property (unless such proceeds, products,
substitutions or replacements would otherwise constitute Excluded Property) and (2) in the case of any lease, license, instrument, charter,
permit, franchise, authorization, contract or other agreement to which any Obligor is a party, and any of its rights or interest thereunder
or any property subject thereto (including any general intangibles), if and to the extent (but only to the extent) that a security interest
therein to be granted by such Obligor would (a) result in a breach of the terms of, or constitute a default under, such lease, license,
instrument, charter, permit, franchise, authorization, contract or other agreement unless and until any required consent of any Obligor
shall have been obtained or (b) give any other Obligor party to such lease, license, instrument, charter, permit, franchise, authorization,
contract or other agreement the right to terminate its obligations thereunder, each such Obligor hereby agrees that its consent to such
security interest is hereby provided and any such right to terminate such obligations is hereby waived, in each case in connection with
the security interests granted hereby or by any Collateral Document (and such Obligor agrees that such property referred to in this clause
(2) shall not constitute Excluded Property) solely to the extent the consent of such Obligor would be sufficient to overcome such prohibition.

Excluded Subsidiary
means each Subsidiary of Spirit that is (i) a captive insurance company and is prohibited from becoming a Guarantor pursuant to applicable
rules and regulations or (ii) a wholly-owned special purpose entity formed for the sole purpose of owning and financing Aircraft Related
Equipment in a transaction that is not prohibited under the terms of this Indenture.

Existing Indebtedness
means all Indebtedness of Spirit and its Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Agreement or Indebtedness incurred
and outstanding on the Closing Date under clauses (iii) and (iv) of the definition of Permitted Debt) in existence on the
Closing Date until such amounts are repaid.

FAA shall
mean the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States of America and any successor thereto.

FAA Slots
shall mean, in the case of airports in the United States, at any time, the right and operational authority to conduct one Instrument Flight
Rule (as defined in Title 14) scheduled landing or take-off operation at a specific time or during a specific time period at any airport
at which landings or take-offs are restricted, including slots and operating authorizations, whether pursuant to FAA or DOT regulations
or orders pursuant to Title 14, Title 49 or other federal statutes now or hereinafter in effect.

Fair Market Value
means the value that would be paid by a willing buyer to an unaffiliated willing seller in a transaction not involving distress or necessity
of either party, determined in good faith by an Officer of Spirit; provided that any such Officer shall be permitted to consider the circumstances
existing at such time (including economic or other conditions affecting the United States airline industry generally and any relevant
legal compulsion, judicial proceeding or administrative order or the possibility thereof) in determining such Fair Market Value in connection
with such transaction.

16

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, or any U.S. or non-U.S.
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, practices or guidance notes adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement, including
the US IGA.

Fees
means the fees set forth in the fee letter, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and the Co-Issuers,
at the times set forth therein.

Finance Lease Obligation
means, at the time any determination is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a lease that would at that time be required
to be accounted for as a financing or capital lease (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not a straight-line or operating lease) on both
the balance sheet and income statement for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP as in effect prior to giving effect to
the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842) and ASU No. 2018-11
Leases (Topic 842), and the scheduled maturity thereof shall be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount
due under such lease prior to the first date upon which such lease may be prepaid by the lessee without payment of a penalty.

Fitch
means Fitch, Inc., also known as Fitch Ratings, and its successors.

Fixed Charge Coverage
Ratio means with respect to any specified Person for any specified period, the ratio of the Consolidated EBITDAR of such Person
for such period to the Fixed Charges of such Person for such period. If the specified Person or any of its Subsidiaries incurs, assumes,
guarantees, repays, repurchases, redeems, defeases or otherwise discharges any Indebtedness (other than ordinary working capital borrowings)
or issues, repurchases or redeems Disqualified Stock or preferred stock subsequent to the commencement of the period for which the Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio is being calculated and on or prior to the date on which the event for which the calculation of the Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio is made (the Calculation Date), then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio will be calculated giving pro
forma effect (as determined in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of Spirit) to such incurrence, assumption,
guarantee, repayment, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other discharge of Indebtedness, or such issuance, repurchase or redemption
of Disqualified Stock or preferred stock, and the use of the proceeds therefrom, as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the applicable
four-quarter reference period. In addition, for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio:

(1)acquisitions that have been made by the specified Person or any of its Subsidiaries, including through mergers or consolidations,
or any Person or any of its Subsidiaries acquired by the specified Person or any of its Subsidiaries, and including all related financing
transactions and including increases in ownership of Subsidiaries, during the four-quarter reference period or subsequent to such reference
period and on or prior to the Calculation Date, or that are to be made on the Calculation Date, will be given pro forma effect (as determined
in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of Spirit and certified in an Officers Certificate delivered to
the Trustee, and including any operating expense reductions for such period resulting from such acquisition that have been realized or
for which all of the material steps necessary for realization have been taken) as if they had occurred on the first day of the four-quarter
reference period;

(2)the Consolidated EBITDAR attributable to discontinued operations, as determined in accordance with GAAP, and operations or businesses
(and ownership interests therein) disposed of prior to the Calculation Date, will be excluded;

17

(3) the Fixed Charges attributable to discontinued operations, as determined in accordance with GAAP, and operations or businesses
(and ownership interests therein) disposed of prior to the Calculation Date, will be excluded, but only to the extent that the obligations
giving rise to such Fixed Charges will not be obligations of the specified Person or any of its Subsidiaries following the Calculation
Date;

(4)any Person that is a Subsidiary on the Calculation Date will be deemed to have been a Subsidiary at all times during such four-quarter
period;

(5)any Person that is not a Subsidiary on the Calculation Date will be deemed not to have been a Subsidiary at any time during such
four-quarter period; and

(6)if any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest, the interest expense on such Indebtedness will be calculated as if the rate
in effect on the Calculation Date had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Hedging Obligation applicable
to such Indebtedness if such Hedging Obligation has a remaining term as at the Calculation Date in excess of 12 months).

Fixed Charges
means, with respect to any specified Person for any period, the sum, without duplication, of:

(1)the consolidated interest expense (net of interest income) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period to the extent that
such interest expense is payable in cash (and such interest income is receivable in cash); plus

(2)the interest component of Finance Lease Obligations of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period to the extent that such
interest component is related to lease payments payable in cash; plus

(3)any interest expense actually paid in cash for such period by such specified Person on Indebtedness of another Person that is guaranteed
by such specified Person or one of its Subsidiaries or secured by a Lien on assets of such specified Person or one of its Subsidiaries;
plus

(4)the product of (a) all cash dividends accrued on any series of preferred stock of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries for such
period, other than to Spirit or a Subsidiary of Spirit, times (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which
is one minus the then current combined federal, state and local statutory tax rate of such Person, expressed as a decimal, in each case,
determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; plus

(5)the aircraft rent expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period to the extent that such aircraft rent expense is
payable in cash, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; plus

(6)any Unfinanced Capital Expenditures.

Flight Simulators
shall mean the Series D flight simulators of Spirit or any other applicable Grantor (including any such simulators located
on a Real Property Asset).

Free Spirit Agreements
means, at any time, all currently existing, future and successor co-branding, partnering or similar agreements related to or entered into
in connection with the Free Spirit Program, including each Material Free Spirit Agreement, but excluding each Retained Agreement existing

18

at such time. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Bank of America Affinity Agreement shall in all cases be deemed to be a Free Spirit Agreement and shall
in no case constitute a Retained Agreement.

Free Spirit Customer
Data means all data owned or purported to be owned, or later developed or acquired and owned or purported to be owned, by Spirit
or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Loyalty Issuer) and used, generated or produced as part of the Free Spirit Program or Saver$
Club, including all of the following: (a) a list of all members of the Free Spirit Program and the Saver$ Club; and (b) the Free Spirit
Member Profile Data for each member of the Free Spirit Program and/or Saver$ Club, but excluding Spirit Traveler Data.

The parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that customer name, contact information (including name, mailing address, email address, and phone numbers) and communication
and promotion opt-ins (as described in clause (b) of the definition of Free Spirit Member Profile Data) are included in
both Free Spirit Customer Data and Spirit Traveler Data; provided that the foregoing communication and promotion opt-ins are not
specific to the Free Spirit Program or the Saver$ Club, and if such communication and promotion opt-ins are specific to the Free Spirit
Program or the Saver$ Club, such information and data shall only be considered to be Free Spirit Customer Data (it being understood that
Spirit shall be entitled to continue marketing its airline business in the ordinary course).

Free Spirit Member
Profile Data means, with respect to each member of the Free Spirit Program or the Saver$ Club, in each case to the extent applicable,
such members (a) name, mailing address, email address, and phone numbers, (b) communication and promotion opt-ins, (c) total miles
balance, (d) third party engagement history, (e) accrual and redemption activity, including any data related to member segment designations
or member segment activity or qualifications, (f) Free Spirit Program account number, and (g) Free Spirit Program annual member status
and Saver$ Club annual member status, but in the case of clauses (b), (d) and (e), excluding Spirit Traveler Data.

Free Spirit Program
means any Loyalty Program which is operated, owned or controlled, directly or indirectly by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries, or principally
associated with Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries, as in effect from time to time, whether under the Free Spirit name or
otherwise, in each case including any successor program, but excluding any Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program.

Free Spirit Program
Revenues means, with respect to any period, the aggregate amount of revenues of the Free Spirit Program during such period
(including any Retained Agreement Revenues).

Free Spirit Transaction
Revenues means, with respect to any period and without duplication, the aggregate amount of revenues of the Loyalty Issuer
under the Free Spirit Agreements during such period together with all other payments to the Loyalty Issuer under the Free Spirit Agreements
during such period.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, which are in effect from time to time, including those set forth
in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, statements
and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a
significant segment of the accounting profession and the rules and regulations of the SEC governing the inclusion of financial statements
in periodic reports required to be filed pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act, including opinions and pronouncements in staff accounting
bulletins and similar written statements from the accounting staff of the SEC.

Gate Leasehold
means, at any time, all of the right, title, privilege, interest and authority, now held or hereafter acquired, of Spirit or any other
Grantor in connection with the right to use or occupy space in an airport terminal at any airport.

19

Global Note Legend
means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(ii) hereof, which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under this
Indenture.

Global Notes
means, individually and collectively, each of the Restricted Global Notes and the Unrestricted Global Notes, substantially in the form
of Exhibit A hereto, issued in accordance with Section 2.01, Section 2.06(b) or Section 2.06(d) hereof.

Government Securities
means securities that are:

(1) direct
obligations of the United States of America for the timely payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged; or

(2) obligations
of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the timely payment
of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America, which, in either case, are
not callable or redeemable at the option of the Person thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a bank (as defined
in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act), as custodian with respect to any such Government Securities or a specific payment of principal
of or interest on any such Government Securities held by such custodian for the account of the holder of such depository receipt; provided,
that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such
depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Government Securities or the specific payment of principal
of or interest on the Government Securities evidenced by such depository receipt.

Governmental Authority
means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and
any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank organization, or other entity exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, taxing or regulatory powers or functions of or pertaining to government. Governmental Authority shall not include any Person
in its capacity as an Airport Authority.

Grantor
means each Co-Issuer and each other Obligor that shall at any time pledge Collateral under a Collateral Document.

Ground Support Equipment
shall mean the equipment for crew and passenger ground transportation, cargo, mail and luggage handling, catering, fuel/oil servicing,
de-icing, cleaning, aircraft maintenance and servicing, dispatching, security and motor vehicles.

Guarantee
means a guarantee (other than (i) by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection or (ii) customary contractual indemnities, in
each case in the Ordinary Course of Business), direct or indirect, in any manner including by way of a pledge of assets or through letters
of credit or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof, of all or any part of any Indebtedness (whether arising by virtue of partnership
arrangements, or by agreements to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial
statement conditions).

Guarantor
means the Holdco Guarantor (upon the effectiveness of the Holdco Guarantor Supplemental Indenture), Spirit, the Cayman Guarantors or any
other entity that becomes a guarantor with respect to the Notes.

Hedging Obligations
means, with respect to any Person, all obligations and liabilities of such Person under:

20

(1) interest
rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar
agreements;

(2) other
agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate risk; and

(3) other
agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency exchange rates, fuel prices or other commodity
prices, but excluding (x) clauses in purchase agreements and maintenance agreements pertaining to future prices and (y) fuel purchase
agreements and fuel sales that are for physical delivery of the relevant commodity.

HoldCo 1
means Spirit Finance Cayman 1 Ltd., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands.

HoldCo 2
means Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands.

HoldCo 2 Brand License
means that certain Amended and Restated Brand License Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Brand Issuer, as licensor,
and HoldCo 2, as licensee, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms hereof.

HoldCo 2 Loyalty
Program License means that certain Amended and Restated Loyalty Program Intellectual Property License Agreement, dated as of
the date hereof, by and between the Loyalty Issuer, as licensor, and HoldCo 2, as licensee, as amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Holdco Guarantor
Supplemental Indenture means that certain supplemental indenture pursuant to which Holdco Guarantor shall become a Guarantor.

Holder
means, in the case of the Notes, a noteholder, which means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Registrars
books, which shall initially be the respective nominee of DTC, subject to Section 1.05(i).

IAI means
an institutional accredited investor as described in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or (13) under the Securities
Act that is not also a QIB.

IAI Global Note
means a Global Note (other than a 144A Global Note or a Regulation S Global Note) substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto
bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the
Notes Depositary or its nominee that will be issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes issued to
IAIs in the United States.

IATA
means the International Air Transport Association and any successor thereto.

Indebtedness
means, with respect to any specified Person, any indebtedness of such Person (excluding accrued expenses and trade payables), whether
or not contingent:

(1) in
respect of borrowed money;

21

(2) evidenced
by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit (or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof);

(3) in
respect of bankers acceptances;

(4) representing
Capital Lease Obligations;

(5) representing
the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property or services due more than six (6) months after such property is
acquired or such services are completed, but excluding in any event trade payables arising in the Ordinary Course of Business; or

(6) representing
any Hedging Obligations,

if and to the extent any of
the preceding items (other than letters of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of the specified
Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, the term Indebtedness includes all Indebtedness of others secured
by a Lien on any asset of the specified Person (whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by the specified Person) and, to the extent
not otherwise included, the Guarantee by the specified Person of any Indebtedness of any other Person. Indebtedness shall be calculated
without giving effect to the effects of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 815Derivatives and
Hedging and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any
purpose under this Indenture as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
none of the following will constitute Indebtedness: (a) Banking Product Obligations, (b) obligations under leases (other than leases determined
to be Finance Lease Obligations under GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date), (c) obligations to fund pension plans and retiree liabilities,
(d) cash deposits and rent deferrals relating to leases in respect of Aircraft Related Equipment, (e) [reserved], (f) maintenance deferral
agreements, (g) an amount recorded as indebtedness in Spirits financial statements solely by operation of Financial Accounting
Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 840-40-55 or any successor provision of GAAP but which does not otherwise constitute
Indebtedness as defined hereinabove, (h) [reserved], (i) (x) a deferral of pre-delivery payments or (y) pre-delivery payments made to
and held by a manufacturer of Aircraft Related Equipment, in each case, relating to the purchase of Aircraft Related Equipment, (j) [reserved],
(k) air traffic liability, (l) payment obligations in connection with health or other types of social security benefits, (m) payment obligations
in connection with lease maintenance return conditions on leased aircraft, (n) reserves for capital tax obligations and (o) reserves for
obligations under land leases.

Indenture
means this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time.

Indirect Participant
means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a Global Note through a Participant.

Intellectual Property
means all patents and patent applications, registered trademarks or service marks and applications to register any trademarks or service
marks, brand names, trade dress, know how, registered copyrights and applications for registration of copyrights, Trade Secrets, domain
names, social media accounts and other intellectual property, whether registered or unregistered, including unregistered copyrights in
software and source code and applications to register any of the foregoing.

22

Intercreditor Agreements
means the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement, the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor
Agreement and the Notes Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement.

Interest Distribution
Amount means, with respect to each Payment Date, an amount equal to (a) the product of (i) the Cash Interest Rate for
the related Interest Period, multiplied by (ii) the Day Count Fraction, multiplied by (iii) the outstanding principal amount of the Notes
as of the first day of the related Interest Period, plus (b) any unpaid Interest Distribution Amounts from prior Payment Dates
plus, to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the applicable Cash Interest Rate for the related Interest Period.

Interest Period
means, for each Payment Date, the period from and including the Payment Date immediately preceding such Payment Date (or, with respect
to the initial Payment Date, the Closing Date) to but excluding such Payment Date.

Investments
means, with respect to any Person, all direct or indirect investments made by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the
forms of loans (including Guarantees or other obligations), advances (but excluding advance payments and deposits for goods and services
in the Ordinary Course of Business) or capital contributions (excluding commission, travel and similar advances to officers, employees
and consultants made in the Ordinary Course of Business), purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests
or other securities of other Persons, together with all items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared
in accordance with GAAP.

IP Agreements
means (a) each Contribution Agreement; (b) each IP License and the Brand Issuer to Loyalty Issuer License; (c) each Management Agreement
and (d) each other contribution agreement, license or sublicense related to the Brand Intellectual Property or the Loyalty Program Intellectual
Property that is required to be entered into after the Closing Date pursuant to the terms of any Transaction Document.

IP License Transaction
Revenues means, with respect to any period and without duplication, the aggregate amount of payments received by the Co-Issuers
pursuant to the IP Licenses during such period.

IP Licenses
means (a) the Brand IP Licenses and (b) the Loyalty IP Licenses.

IP Security Agreements
shall have the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement.

Issuer
means any Co-Issuer.

Issuer Order
means a written request or order signed on behalf of each Co-Issuer by an Officer of such Co-Issuers and delivered to the Trustee.

Junior Lien Debt
means, any Indebtedness owed to any other Person, so long as:

(i)such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and any other Senior Secured Debt Obligations in the
agreement, indenture or other instrument governing such Indebtedness and in a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement;

(ii)the Liens on the Collateral securing such Indebtedness are subordinated to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Notes and any
other Senior Secured Debt Obligations pursuant to a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement;

(iii)the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Indebtedness shall be no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the
Notes;

23

(iv) the maturity date for such Indebtedness shall be at least 91 days after the latest maturity date of any Notes;

(v)such Indebtedness shall not be subject to or benefit from any Guarantee by any Person other than an Obligor; and

(vi)the terms and conditions governing such Indebtedness of the Obligors shall (a) be reasonably acceptable to the Required Debtholders
or (b) not be materially more restrictive, when taken as a whole, on the Co-Issuers and the other Grantors (as determined in good faith
by the Co-Issuers), than the terms of the then-outstanding Notes (except for (x) terms that are conformed (or added) in the Transaction
Documents for the benefit of the Holders holding then-outstanding Notes pursuant to an amendment hereto or thereto subject solely to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Co-Issuers, (y) covenants, events of default and guarantees applicable only to periods after the latest
maturity date then in effect for any Notes (as of the date of the incurrence of such Junior Lien Debt) and (z) pricing, fees, rate floors,
premiums, optional prepayment or redemption terms) unless the Holders under the then-outstanding Notes receive the benefit of such more
restrictive terms; provided that in no event shall such Indebtedness be subject to events of default, mandatory prepayment or acceleration
resulting from an event of default under the Revolving Credit Agreement except on terms that are no more favorable to the holders thereof
than the terms set forth in this Indenture.

Junior Lien Intercreditor
Agreement means an intercreditor and subordination agreement among the Collateral Agent, the Grantors party thereto, the Trustee
and the other representatives party thereto, including the representative of the holders of Junior Lien Debt, and substantially in the
form attached as an exhibit to the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement with any necessary changes so long as no such change is adverse
to the interests of the Senior Secured Parties, as evidenced by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee pursuant to Section
12.04 and to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Legal Holiday
means a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banking institutions are not required to be open in the State of New York or in
the place of payments.

Lien
means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or similar encumbrance of any kind in respect
of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law (but excluding any lease, sublease, use or license
agreement or swap agreement or similar arrangement by any Grantor described in the definition of Permitted SPV Collateral Disposition
or the definition of Permitted Spirit Collateral Disposition), including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement,
any option or other agreement to sell or give a security interest in and any agreement to give any financing statement under the Uniform
Commercial Code (or equivalent statutes) of any jurisdiction.

Limited Condition
Transaction means the entering into or consummation of any transaction (including any Restricted Payment (other than a Restricted
Payment pursuant to clause (1) of the definition thereof), Disposition, acquisition (whether by merger, consolidation or other business
combination or the acquisition of capital stock, Indebtedness or otherwise) or other Investment by Spirit or one or more of its Subsidiaries).

Liquidity
means the sum of (i) all unrestricted cash, Cash Equivalents and short-term investment securities (as referred to in Spirits
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and/or other public filings with the SEC) of
Spirit and its Subsidiaries (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any cash or Cash Equivalents held in accounts pledged to secure

24

any Indebtedness other than the Notes), and (ii)
the aggregate principal amount committed and available to be drawn by Spirit and its Subsidiaries (taking into account all borrowing base
limitations, collateral coverage requirements or other restrictions on borrowing availability) under all revolving Credit Facilities (including
the Revolving Credit Agreement) of Spirit and its Subsidiaries; provided, that no more than $300,000,000 of Liquidity under the foregoing
clause (ii) may be derived from undrawn commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement at any given time; provided, further, that, as
of any date of determination, any Liquidity contributed by Subsidiaries of Spirit that are not also Obligors on such date that is in excess
of 10% of the total Liquidity shall, in each case, be excluded from the calculation of Liquidity on such date.

Loyalty Collection
Account means the non-interest bearing trust account of Loyalty Issuer held at Wilmington Trust, National Association, account
name: Loyalty Collection Account, which account is established and maintained at the Depositary and under the control of
the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement, or any successor account that is an Eligible Account and
which is under the control of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Loyalty IP Licenses
means the HoldCo 2 Loyalty Program License and the Parent Loyalty Program Sublicense.

Loyalty Program
means (a) any customer loyalty program available to individuals (i.e. natural persons) that grants members in such program Currency based
on a members purchasing behavior and that entitles a member to accrue and redeem such Currency for a benefit or reward, including
flights and/or other goods and services, or (b) any other membership program available to individuals (i.e. natural persons) that grants
members in such program benefits in connection with travel on an airline, including reduced costs on airfare, bag fees and upgrades.

Loyalty Program
Intellectual Property means (a) the Free Spirit Customer Data and (b) all Intellectual Property (but excluding data, which
is addressed in clause (a)) owned or purported to be owned, or later developed or acquired and owned or purported to be owned, by Spirit
or any of its Subsidiaries (including the Co-Issuers) and required or necessary to operate the Free Spirit Program or Saver$ Club, but
excluding (i) all Intellectual Property used to operate the Spirit airline business that, even if used in connection with the Free Spirit
Program or Saver$ Club, would be required or necessary to operate the Spirit airline business in the absence of the Free Spirit Program
or Saver$ Club, and (ii) the following specified Intellectual Property: (1) the Brand Intellectual Property, (2) SAVE as a stock symbol
and (3) the Spirit website (including all content and source code) and the Spirit mobile app.

Loyalty Program
Management Agreement means that certain Loyalty Program Management Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2020, among the Loyalty
Issuer, HoldCo 2, Spirit, as manager, and the Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended
or amended and restated from time to time.

Make-Whole Amount
means, an amount equal to the greater of (a) 6.00% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or accelerated and (b) the excess
(to the extent positive) of:

(i)the present value at such redemption or acceleration date of (1) 106% of the principal amount discounted back over the period starting
on the redemption or acceleration date and ending on March 12, 2027, plus (2) all required interest payments due on such Notes to and
including March 12, 2027 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest), computed upon the redemption or acceleration date using a discount rate
equal to the Treasury Rate at such redemption or acceleration date plus 50 basis points and assuming that the rate of interest on the
principal amount from such redemption or acceleration date to the

25

date set forth above will equal the rate of interest
on that principal amount in effect on the applicable redemption or acceleration date; over

(ii) the
principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or accelerated.

Management Agreements
means each of the Brand Management Agreement and the Loyalty Program Management Agreement.

Marketing and Service
Agreements means those certain business, marketing and service agreements among Spirit and/or any of its Subsidiaries and regional
airline carriers and such other parties or agreements from time to time that include, but are not limited to, code-sharing, pro-rate,
capacity purchase, service, frequent flyer, ground handling, marketing, alliance and joint business agreements that are entered into in
the Ordinary Course of Business.

Material Adverse
Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the consolidated business, operations or financial condition of Spirit and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the validity or enforceability of the Transaction Documents or the rights or remedies of the Holders
and the Senior Secured Parties thereunder, (c) the ability of the Co-Issuers to pay the Obligations under the Transaction Documents,
(d) the validity, enforceability or collectability of the Material Free Spirit Agreements or the IP Agreements generally or any material
portion of the Material Free Spirit Agreements or the IP Agreements, taken as a whole, (e) the business and operations of the Free Spirit
Program, taken as a whole, or (f) the ability of the Obligors to perform their material obligations under the IP Agreements or the Material
Free Spirit Agreements to which it is a party; provided, that no condition or event that has been disclosed in the public filings
for Spirit on or prior to the Closing Date shall be considered a Material Adverse Effect under this Indenture.

Material Free Spirit
Agreements means (a) any Significant Free Spirit Agreement and (b) each other Free Spirit Agreement identified as a Material
Free Spirit Agreement as set forth on Schedule 4.06(e) hereto, as updated from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Indenture.

Material Indebtedness
means (a) with respect to Spirit and its Subsidiaries, Indebtedness of Spirit and its Subsidiaries (other than the Notes) outstanding
under the same agreement in a principal amount exceeding $50.0 million; and (b) with respect to any SPV Party, Indebtedness of any SPV
Party (other than the Notes) outstanding under the same agreement in a principal amount exceeding $50.0 million.

Material Modification
means:

(1) any
amendment or waiver of, or modification or supplement to, a Significant Free Spirit Agreement occurring on or after the Closing Date which:
(a) extends, waives, delays or contractually or structurally subordinates one or more payments due to any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof
with respect to such Free Spirit Agreement; (b) reduces the rate or amount of payments due to any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof with
respect to such Free Spirit Agreement; (c) gives any Person other than Obligors party to such Free Spirit Agreement additional or improved
termination rights with respect to such Free Spirit Agreement; (d) shortens the term of such Free Spirit Agreement or expands or improves
any counterpartys rights or remedies following a termination; or (e) imposes new payment obligations on any Obligor or any Subsidiary
thereof under such Free Spirit Agreement; in each case under this clause (1), if such amendment, waiver, modification or supplement could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and

26

(2) any
amendment or waiver of, or modification or supplement to, an IP Agreement or the Spirit Intercompany Loan which: (a) shortens the scheduled
maturity or term thereof, (b) amends, modifies or otherwise changes the calculation or rate of fees, expenses or termination payments
due and owing thereunder in a manner reducing the amount owed to any Co-Issuer, (c) changes the contractual subordination of payments
thereunder, reduces the frequency of payments thereunder or permits payments due to any Co-Issuer to be deposited to an account other
than a Collection Account, (d) changes the amendment standards applicable to such agreement (other than changes affecting rights of the
Trustee or the Collateral Agent to consent to amendments, which is covered by clause (e)) in a manner that would reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (e) materially impairs the rights of the Trustee or the Collateral Agent to enforce or consent
to amendments to any provisions of any such agreement in accordance therewith.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this definition of Material Modification, the entrance into a Permitted Replacement Free Spirit Agreement
shall not constitute a Material Modification.

Material Real Property
Assets means (a) the real property located at 1731 Radiant Drive, Dania Beach, FL 33004, (b) Spirit Airlines Hangar (DTW
Building 719), 32999 West Service Drive, Detroit, Wayne County, MI 48242, (c) any Real Property Asset that is pledged to secure the
obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement and (d) each other Real Property Asset with a Fair Market Value in excess of $5.0 million.

Material Subsidiaries
means one or more Subsidiaries, for which (a) the assets of all such Subsidiaries constitute, in the aggregate, more than 2.5% of the
total assets of Spirit and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (determined as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of
Spirit for which financial statements are available to the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.17) and (b) the revenues of all such Subsidiaries
account for, in the aggregate, more than 2.5% of the total revenues of Spirit and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the twelve-month
period ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of Spirit for which financial statements are available to the Trustee
pursuant to Section 4.17.

Miles
means the Currency under the Free Spirit Program.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Mortgaged Collateral
shall mean all of the Collateral as defined in the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage (including as supplemented from time
to time).

Net Proceeds
means (a) with respect to any Collateral Sale, Recovery Event or Contingent Payment Event, the aggregate cash and Cash Equivalents received
by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries in respect thereof, net of: (i) the direct costs and expenses relating to such Collateral Sale, Recovery
Event or Contingent Payment Event, including legal, accounting and investment banking fees, and sales commissions, and any relocation
expenses incurred as a result of the Collateral Sale, Recovery Event or Contingent Payment Event, taxes paid or payable as a result of
the Collateral Sale, Recovery Event or Contingent Payment Event, in each case, after taking into account any available tax credits or
deductions and any tax sharing arrangements; and (ii) any reserve for adjustment or indemnification obligations in respect of the sale
price of such asset or assets established in accordance with GAAP; and (b) with respect to any issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness
(including Permitted Pre-paid Miles Purchases), the cash proceeds thereof, net of (i) any fees, underwriting discounts and commissions,
premiums, and other costs and expenses incurred in connection with such issuance and (ii) attorneys fees, investment banking fees,
survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other
customary expenses, and brokerage, consultant, accountant, and other customary fees.

27

Notes
means any notes authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, including the Initial Notes and any PIK Notes and Notes to be issued
or authenticated upon transfer, replacement or exchange of Notes.

Notes Depositary
means, with respect to the Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in global form, the Person specified in Section 2.03 hereof
as the Notes Depositary with respect to the Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as Notes Depositary hereunder and having
become such pursuant to the applicable provision of this Indenture.

Notes Documents
means this Indenture, the Collateral Documents, the Intercreditor Agreements, any supplemental indentures executed in favor of the Trustee
or the Collateral Agent and any other instrument or agreement (which is designated as a Notes Document therein) executed and delivered
by any Co-Issuer or any Guarantor to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent.

Notes Priority Collateral
means all Collateral other than Revolving Priority Collateral. For purposes of Sections 3.09, 4.10 and 4.11 (and, in each case, the component
definitions used therein), Notes Priority Collateral shall be deemed to include, and shall include, all Material Real Property Assets
that are not yet subject to the Liens created by the Collateral Documents due to the provisions of Section 4.38.

Notes Priority Collateral
Intercreditor Agreement means the Notes Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among
Spirit, the other Grantors party thereto, the Revolving Agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Revolving Security Agent, the
Trustee, the Collateral Agent and each Additional Credit Facility Representative party thereto from time to time, as amended, restated,
amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Notes Priority Collateral
Sale Proceeds means Net Proceeds from Collateral Sales of Notes Priority Collateral.

Notes Reserve Account
Required Balance means, with respect to any date, an amount equal to the Interest Distribution Amount due with respect to the
Notes on the next occurring Payment Date.

Notes Secured Parties
means the Holders of the outstanding Notes from time to time.

Obligations
means the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Notes and interest accruing after
the filing of any petition of bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to any Co-Issuer,
whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) the Notes and all other obligations and
liabilities of the Co-Issuers to any Agent or any Holder, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or
now existing or hereafter incurred, which arise under this Indenture or the other Notes Documents, whether on account of principal, interest,
premium (including the Redemption Premium), reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, out-of-pocket costs, and expenses (including
all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to any Agent or any Holder that are required to be paid by the Co-Issuers pursuant hereto
or under any other Notes Document) or otherwise.

Obligors
means collectively the Holdco Guarantor (upon the effectiveness of the Holdco Guarantor Supplemental Indenture), Spirit, the Co-Issuers,
the Cayman Guarantors and each other Guarantor, each an Obligor.

28

Officers
Certificate means a certificate signed on behalf of a Co-Issuer or Spirit (or such other applicable Person) by a Responsible
Officer of a Co-Issuer or Spirit (or such other applicable Person), respectively.

On-line Tracking
Data means any information or data collected in relation to on-line activities that can reasonably be associated with a particular
user or computer or other device.

Opinion of Counsel
means a written opinion from legal counsel. Such counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Co-Issuers or the Guarantors.

Ordinary Course
of Business means, with respect to Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries, (a) in the ordinary course of business of, or in furtherance
of an objective that is in the ordinary course of business of, Spirit and its Subsidiaries, (b) customary and usual in the commercial
airline industry in the United States or (c) consistent with the past or current practice of one or more commercial air carriers in the
United States.

Parent Brand Sublicense
means that certain Brand Sublicense Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2020, by and between HoldCo 2, as licensor, and Spirit, as licensee,
as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Parent Change of
Control means any of the following events:

(1) the
sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Holdco Guarantor, Spirit and their Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person or group (within the meaning
of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or group and its
subsidiaries and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan);

(2) any
person or group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit
plan of such person or group and its subsidiaries and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other
fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under
the Exchange Act) of Equity Interests of the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit representing more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary voting power
for the election of members of the board of directors of the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit (determined on a fully diluted basis); or

(3) a
change of control (or similar event) shall occur under the Revolving Credit Agreement or under the definitive documentation
governing any Material Indebtedness.

For the avoidance of doubt,
any Permitted Parent Reorganization shall be deemed not to constitute a Parent Change of Control.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the consummation of a Public Company Transaction shall not constitute a Parent Change of Control until the earliest to occur of (i) the
545th day after the consummation thereof, (ii) the first day on which each of the FAA and DOT aircraft operator certificates
issued to Spirit are merged or otherwise combined with (through reissuance or otherwise) each of the FAA and DOT aircraft operator certificates
issued to the Public Permitted Airline Business and (iii) the date on which any Rating Agency (x) withdraws its credit ratings on the
then-existing Notes or (y) assigns credit ratings on the then-existing Notes below the then-current credit ratings on such Notes.

29

Parent Loyalty Program
Sublicense means that certain Loyalty Program Intellectual Property Sublicense Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2020, by
and between HoldCo 2, as licensor, and Spirit, as licensee, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Participant
means, with respect to the Notes Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, a Person who has an account with the Notes Depositary, Euroclear
or Clearstream, respectively (and, with respect to DTC, shall include Euroclear and Clearstream).

Payment Date
means (a) the 20th calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year, or if such day is not a Business Day, the
next succeeding Business Day, commencing July 20, 2025, and (b) each Termination Date.

Payment Date Statement
means a written statement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E setting forth the amounts to be paid pursuant to Section
4.01 on the related Payment Date.

Payroll Accounts
means depository accounts used only for payroll.

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor agency or entity performing substantially the same functions.

Permitted Acquisition
Loyalty Program means a Loyalty Program owned, operated or controlled, directly or indirectly, by a Specified Acquisition Entity
or any of its Subsidiaries, or principally associated with such Specified Acquisition Entity or any of its Subsidiaries so long as (a)
the Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program is not operated in a fashion that is more competitive, taken as a whole, than the Free Spirit
Program (as determined by Spirit in good faith), (b) Spirit does not take any action that would reasonably be expected to disadvantage
the Free Spirit Program relative to the Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program, (c) no members of the Free Spirit Program are targeted
for membership in the Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program (excluding any general advertisements, promotions or similar general marketing
activities related to the Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program), (d) except as attributable to market or business conditions as determined
in good faith by Spirit, Spirit will devote substantially similar resources to the Free Spirit Program, including Spirit distribution
and marketing channels, as were applicable immediately prior to the consummation of the acquisition of the Specified Acquisition Entity
and (e) Spirit does not announce to the public, the members of the Free Spirit Program or the members of the Permitted Acquisition Loyalty
Program that the Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program is the primary Loyalty Program for Spirit.

Permitted Airline
Business means any business that is the same as, or reasonably related, ancillary, supportive or complementary to, or a reasonable
extension of, the business in which Spirit and its Subsidiaries (other than the SPV Parties) are engaged on the Closing Date, including
travel-related and leisure-related businesses, and travel, leisure and support services and experiences and other similar services and
experiences.

Permitted Bond Hedge
Transaction means any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on Spirits common
stock (or a parent company of Spirits common stock) purchased by the issuer of any Convertible Indebtedness in connection with
the issuance of any such Convertible Indebtedness; provided that the purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, less the
proceeds received by the issuer of such Convertible Indebtedness from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not
exceed ten percent (10%) of the net proceeds received by such issuer from the sale of such Convertible Indebtedness issued in connection
with the Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction.

30

Permitted Liens
means:

(1)Liens held by the Collateral Agent and/or the Trustee securing the Obligations pursuant to this Indenture and the other
Notes Documents;

(2)Liens securing Junior Lien Debt; provided that any such Liens on the Collateral shall (i) rank junior to the Liens
on the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations and (ii) be subject to a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement;

(3)Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code or any comparable or successor
provision on items in the course of collection and liens in favor of banking or other financial institutions or other electronic payment
service providers arising as a matter of law or customary contract within the general parameters customary in the industry;

(4)Liens in favor of depositary banks arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits (including the right of setoff) and that
are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry;

(5)Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or claims that are not yet delinquent or that are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently concluded; provided that any reserve or other appropriate
provision as is required in conformity with GAAP has been made therefor;

(6)Liens imposed by law, such as carriers, warehousemens, landlords and mechanics Liens, in each
case, incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(7)Liens arising by operation of law in connection with judgments, attachments or awards which do not constitute an Event of
Default under this Indenture;

(8)to the extent constituting Liens, the rights granted by any Obligor to another Obligor or the Collateral Agent pursuant
to any IP Agreement (other than any rights granted thereunder following any amendment or modification thereof that is not permitted by
the terms of such agreement, this Indenture, an IP License or any other Transaction Document);

(9)(i) any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, netting, depositary and cash management services or in
connection with any automated clearing house transfers of funds, in each case as it relates to cash or Cash Equivalents, if any, and (ii)
Liens arising by operation of law or that are contractual rights of set off in favor of the depositary bank or securities intermediary
in respect of any deposit or securities accounts;

(10)to the extent constituting Liens, licenses, sub-licenses and similar rights as they relate to any Intellectual Property
(A) granted to any third-party counterparty of any Free Spirit Agreement pursuant to the terms of such agreement or (B) as otherwise expressly
permitted by the IP Licenses and the Collateral Documents to be granted to any Person (other than any sub-license or similar right granted
thereunder following any amendment or modification thereof that is not permitted by the terms of such agreement or this Indenture);

(11)Liens incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business of Spirit or any Subsidiary of Spirit with respect to obligations that
do not exceed in the aggregate $50,000,000 at any one time outstanding; provided that such Liens are subordinated to the Liens
on the Collateral securing the Obligations pursuant to a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement;

31

(12) rights reserved or vested in any Person by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant, or permit held by any Obligor
or by a statutory provision, to terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant, or permit, or to require annual or periodic payments
as a condition to the continuance thereof, in each case so long as such rights (A) do not interfere in any material respect with the business
of Spirit and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and (B) do not relate to Intellectual Property or Free Spirit Agreements except as expressly
provided in the Collateral Documents;

(13)Liens on cash and Cash Equivalents that are earmarked to be used to satisfy or discharge Senior Secured Debt or Junior Lien
Debt in connection with a permitted repayment thereof and in favor of the Collateral Agent (in the case of Senior Secured Debt) or the
collateral agent, administrative agent or trustee in respect of such Junior Lien Debt; provided that (a) such cash and/or Cash
Equivalents are deposited into an account from which payment is to be made, directly or indirectly, to the Person or Persons holding the
Indebtedness that is to be satisfied or discharged, (b) such Liens extend solely to the account in which such cash and/or Cash Equivalents
are deposited and are solely in favor of the Person or Persons holding the Indebtedness (or any agent or trustee for such Person or Persons)
that is to be satisfied or discharged, and (c) the satisfaction or discharge of such Indebtedness is expressly permitted under the Transaction
Documents;

(14)with respect to any Subsidiary organized under the law of a jurisdiction outside of the United States, other liens and privileges
arising mandatorily by any Requirement of Law;

(15)Liens arising in connection with the IP Agreements;

(16)Liens (including all rights) of counterparties under the Free Spirit Agreements under the terms thereof;

(17)Liens securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(b)(vi); provided that (i) if such Liens are on Revolving
Priority Collateral, (x) such Liens thereon may be senior to the Liens thereon securing the Notes and (y) the applicable representative
thereof on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall be a party to the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement and
(ii) if such Liens are on Notes Priority Collateral, (x) such Liens thereon shall be junior to the Liens thereon securing the Notes and
(y) the applicable representative thereof on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall be a party to the Notes Priority Collateral
Intercreditor Agreement;

(18)licenses, sublicenses, leases and subleases by any Grantor as they relate to any aircraft, airframe, engine, Mortgaged Collateral
or any Revolving Priority Collateral and to the extent (A) such licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases do not interfere in any
material respect with the business of Spirit and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and in each case, such license, sublicense, lease
or sublease is to be subject and subordinate to the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents, and in
each case, would not result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect or (B) otherwise expressly permitted by the Collateral Documents;

(19)salvage or similar rights of insurers, in each case as it relates to any aircraft, airframe, engine, Mortgaged Collateral
or any Revolving Priority Collateral, if any;

(20)in each case as it relates to any aircraft, Liens on appliances, parts, components, instruments, appurtenances, furnishings
and other equipment installed on such aircraft and separately financed by a Grantor, to secure such financing;

(21)Liens on Collateral expressly permitted under the Collateral Documents granting a Lien on such Collateral;

32

(22) easements (including reciprocal easement agreements), rights-of-way, building, zoning and similar restrictions, utility
agreements, covenants, reservations, restrictions, encroachments, charges, and other similar encumbrances or title defects incurred, leases
or subleases, licenses or sublicenses, or occupancy agreements granted to others, whether or not of record and whether now in existence
or hereafter entered into, in the Ordinary Course of Business, which do not in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct
of the business of Spirit and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and

(23)any extension, modification, renewal or replacement of the Liens described in clauses (1) through (22) above; provided
that such extension, modification, renewal or replacement does not increase the amount of Indebtedness associated therewith.

Permitted Noteholders
means, at any time, Holders holding more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes.

Permitted Parent
Investments means:

(1) any
Investment in a Subsidiary of Spirit that is a Guarantor;

(2) any
Investment in cash, Cash Equivalents and any foreign equivalents;

(3) any
Investment by Spirit in a Person, if as a result of such Investment:

(a) such
Person becomes a Subsidiary of Spirit that is a Guarantor; or

(b) such
Person, in one transaction or a series of related and substantially concurrent transactions, is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with
or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets to, or is liquidated into, Spirit or a Subsidiary of Spirit that is a
Guarantor;

(4) any
Investment made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from a Disposition of assets;

(5) any
acquisition of assets or Capital Stock in exchange for the issuance of Qualifying Equity Interests;

(6) any
Investments received in compromise or resolution of (a) obligations of trade creditors or customers that were incurred in the Ordinary
Course of Business, including pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of any trade
creditor or customer or (b) litigation, arbitration or other disputes;

(7) [reserved];

(8) [reserved];

(9) redemption
or purchase of the Notes;

(10) any
Guarantee of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by Section 4.09 hereof other than a Guarantee of Indebtedness of an Affiliate of Spirit
that is not a Subsidiary of Spirit;

(11) any
Investment of Spirit existing on, or made pursuant to binding commitments existing on, the Closing Date and any Investment consisting
of an extension, modification or renewal of

33

any such Investment existing on, or made pursuant
to a binding commitment existing on, the Closing Date; provided that the amount of any such Investment may be increased (a) as required
by the terms of such Investment as in existence on the Closing Date, or (b) as otherwise permitted under this Indenture;

(12) Investments
or commitments to make Investments acquired after the Closing Date and any other Investments consisting of extensions, modifications or
renewals of such Investments as a result of the acquisition by Spirit of another Person, including by way of a merger, amalgamation or
consolidation with or into Spirit in a transaction that is not prohibited by Section 5.01 hereof after the Closing Date to the extent
that such Investments were not made in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence
on the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation;

(13) [reserved];

(14) receivables
arising in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(15) Investments
in connection with outsourcing initiatives in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(16) Permitted
Bond Hedge Transactions which constitute Investments;

(17) Investments
having an aggregate Fair Market Value (measured on the date each such Investment was made and without giving effect to subsequent changes
in value other than a reduction for all returns of principal in cash and capital dividends in cash), when taken together with all Investments
made pursuant to this clause (17) that are at the time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (A) $50,000,000 and (B) after the first
anniversary of the Closing Date, 10.0% of Consolidated EBITDAR at the time of such Investment;

(18) Investments
consisting of reimbursable extensions of credit; provided that any such Investment made pursuant to this clause (18) shall not be permitted
if unreimbursed within 90 days of any such extension of credit;

(19) 
Investments in any Subsidiary referred to in clause (ii) of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary in connection with any
financing of any Aircraft Related Equipment that is not prohibited under this Indenture;

(20) [reserved];

(21) Investments
consisting of payments to or on behalf of any Person (including any third-party service provider) for purposes of improving or reconfiguring
aircraft or Aircraft Related Equipment owned or operated by such Person in order to enhance or improve the brand under which Spirit or
any of its Affiliates operate in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(22) 
Investments in travel or airline related businesses made in connection with Marketing and Service Agreements, alliance agreements, distribution
agreements, agreements relating to flight training, agreements relating to insurance arrangements, agreements relating to spare parts
management systems and other similar agreements which Investments under this clause (22) (excluding Investments existing on the Closing
Date) in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(23) Investments
consisting of payroll advances and advances for business and travel expenses in the Ordinary Course of Business;

34

(24) Investments
made by way of any endorsement of negotiable instruments received in the Ordinary Course of Business and presented to any bank for collection
or deposit;

(25) Investments
consisting of stock, obligations or securities received in settlement of amounts owing to Spirit in the Ordinary Course of Business or
in a distribution received in respect of an Investment permitted hereunder;

(26) [reserved];

(27) Investments
in fuel and credit card consortia and in connection with agreements with respect to fuel consortia, credit card consortia and fuel supply
and sales, in each case, in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(28) [reserved];

(29) [reserved];
and

(30) guarantees
incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business of obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness of any regional air carrier doing business
with Spirit in connection with the regional air carriers business with Spirit, and advances to airport operators of landing fees
and other customary airport charges for carriers on behalf of which Spirit provides ground handling services.

Permitted Parent
Reorganization means the entry by the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit into any reorganization pursuant to Section 251(g) of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware pursuant to which a new holding company structure is implemented above the Holdco Guarantor
or Spirit.

Permitted Pre-paid
Miles Purchases means Pre-paid Miles Purchases permitted by Section 4.09.

Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness means any Indebtedness (or commitments in respect thereof) of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries issued in exchange
for, or the net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, extend, refinance, replace, defease or discharge other Indebtedness of Spirit
or any of its Subsidiaries (other than intercompany Indebtedness); provided that:

(1)the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the original
principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) when initially incurred of the Indebtedness renewed, refunded, extended, refinanced,
replaced, defeased or discharged (plus all accrued interest on the Indebtedness (whether or not capitalized or accreted or payable on
a current basis) and the amount of all fees and expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith (such original principal
amount plus such amounts described above, collectively, for purposes of this clause (1), the preceding amount)); provided
that with respect to any such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness that is refinancing secured Indebtedness and is secured by all or a portion
of the same collateral, the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall not exceed
the greater of the preceding amount and the Fair Market Value of the assets securing such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness (which Fair
Market Value may, at the time of an advance commitment, be determined to be the Fair Market Value at the time of such commitment or (at
the option of the issuer of such Indebtedness) the Fair Market Value projected for the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness);

(2)if such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a maturity date that is after the maturity date of the Notes (with any amortization
payment comprising such Permitted Refinancing

35

Indebtedness being treated as maturing
on its amortization date), such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is (a) equal to or greater
than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, extended, refinanced, replaced, defeased or discharged
or (b) more than 60 days after the final maturity date of the Notes;

(3)if the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, extended, refinanced, replaced, defeased or discharged is subordinated in right of
payment to the Notes, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes on terms at least as favorable
to the Holders of Notes as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, extended, refinanced,
replaced, defeased or discharged; and

(4)notwithstanding that the Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, extended, replaced, defeased or discharged may have
been repaid or discharged by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date on which the new Indebtedness is incurred, Indebtedness
that otherwise satisfies the requirements of this definition may be designated as Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness so long as such renewal,
refunding, refinancing, extension, replacement, defeasance or discharge occurred not more than 36 months prior to the date of such incurrence
of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness.

Permitted Replacement
Free Spirit Agreement means any Free Spirit Agreement entered into by Spirit or the Loyalty Issuer to replace any Significant
Free Spirit Agreement that has been (or will be) terminated, cancelled or expired; provided that:

(1)the Rating Agency Condition has been met;

(2)the counterparty to such Permitted Replacement Free Spirit Agreement shall have a corporate rating from at least two of S&P,
Moodys and Fitch of not lower than the lower of (x) BBB, Baa2 and BBB, respectively and (y) the corresponding corporate ratings
of the counterparty so replaced;

(3)the projected revenues (as determined in good faith by the Obligors) under such Permitted Replacement Free Spirit Agreement for
the immediately succeeding 12 months shall equal no less than 85% of the actual revenues of the Significant Free Spirit Agreement that
it is replacing for the 12 months preceding the termination of such Significant Free Spirit Agreement;

(4)such Permitted Replacement Free Spirit Agreement shall expressly permit the applicable Obligor to pledge its rights thereunder
to the Collateral Agent;

(5)such Permitted Replacement Free Spirit Agreement shall have confidentiality obligations applicable to the applicable Obligors that
are not materially more restrictive (taken as a whole) than the confidentiality obligations in the Significant Free Spirit Agreement so
replaced (as determined in good faith by the Obligors); and

(6)such Permitted Replacement Free Spirit Agreement shall not have a scheduled termination date prior to the scheduled termination
date of the Significant Free Spirit Agreement so replaced.

Permitted Spirit
Collateral Disposition means any of the following by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any SPV Party):

36

(i) the Disposition of Collateral expressly permitted under the applicable Collateral Documents;

(ii)the Disposition of cash or Cash Equivalents constituting Collateral in exchange for other cash or Cash Equivalents constituting
Collateral and having reasonably equivalent value therefor; provided that this clause (ii) shall not permit any Disposition of any letter
of credit account or any amounts on deposit therein;

(iii)sales or dispositions of surplus, obsolete, negligible or uneconomical assets no longer used in the business of Spirit, including
returns of Slots to the FAA;

(iv)Dispositions of Collateral among Spirit and any Grantor so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would
result therefrom or event of default under the Revolving Credit Agreement would result therefrom, including any Person that shall become
a Grantor simultaneous with such Disposition;

(v)abandonment of Slots and Gate Leaseholds; provided that such abandonment is (A) in connection with the downsizing of any hub or
facility which does not materially and adversely affect the business of Spirit and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (B) in the Ordinary
Course of Business consistent with past practices and does not materially and adversely affect the business of Spirit and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, (C) reasonably determined by Spirit to relate to Collateral of de minimis value or surplus to Spirits needs or
(D) required by the DOT, the FAA or other Governmental Authority and, in the case of any such abandonment under this clause (v), does
not have a Collateral Material Adverse Effect;

(vi)exchange of FAA Slots in the Ordinary Course of Business that in Spirits reasonable judgment are of reasonably equivalent
value (so long as the FAA Slots received in such exchange are concurrently pledged as Collateral, and such exchange would not result in
a Collateral Material Adverse Effect);

(vii)the termination of leases or subleases or airport use or license agreements in the Ordinary Course of Business to the extent such
terminations do not have a Collateral Material Adverse Effect;

(viii)any other lease or sublease of, or use or license agreements with respect to, assets and properties that constitute Slots or Gate
Leaseholds in the Ordinary Course of Business and swap agreements or similar arrangements with respect to Slots in the Ordinary Course
of Business and which lease, sublease, use or license agreement or swap agreement or similar arrangement (A) has a term of one year or
less, or does not extend beyond two comparable IATA traffic seasons (and contains no option to extend beyond either of such periods),
and (B) has a term (including any option period) longer than allowed in clause (A); provided, however, that no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing or would result therefrom and no event of default under the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement would result therefrom;
and

(ix)the lease or sublease of assets and properties in the Ordinary Course of Business; provided that, the rights of the lessee or sublessee
shall be subordinated to the rights (including remedies) of the Collateral Agent under the applicable Collateral Document on terms reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Debtholders pursuant to an Act of Required Debtholders);
provided that any such subordination terms that are reasonably satisfactory to the Revolving Agent pursuant to clause (f) of the definition
of Permitted

37

Disposition in the Revolving
Credit Agreement are hereby deemed satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Debtholders.

Permitted SPV Business
any business that is the same as, or reasonably related, ancillary, supportive or complementary to, or a reasonable extension of, the
business in which the SPV Parties are engaged on the Closing Date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated to occur on the
Closing Date by the Transaction Documents.

Permitted SPV Collateral Disposition
means any of the following:

(1)the Disposition of Collateral expressly permitted under the applicable Collateral Documents;

(2)the licensing or sub-licensing or granting of similar rights of Intellectual Property or other general intangibles pursuant to
any Free Spirit Agreement or as otherwise permitted by (or pursuant to) the IP Agreements;

(3)the Disposition of cash or Cash Equivalents constituting Collateral in exchange for other cash or Cash Equivalents constituting
Collateral and having reasonably equivalent value therefor;

(4)to the extent constituting a Disposition, (i) the incurrence of Liens that are expressly permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section
4.10 or (ii) the making of (x) any Restricted SPV Payment that is expressly permitted to be made, and is made, pursuant to Section
4.08 or (y) any Permitted SPV Investment;

(5)Dispositions pursuant to the express terms of any IP Agreement;

(6)surrender or waive contractual rights and settle, release, surrender or waive contractual or litigation claims (or other Disposition
of assets in connection therewith);

(7)the expiration of the following registered Intellectual Property: (A) any copyright, the term of which has expired under applicable
law; (B) any patent, the term of which has expired under applicable law, taking into account all patent term adjustments and extensions,
and provided that all maintenance fees are paid; and (C) any trademark or service mark, the term of which has expired under applicable
law because a declaration or statement of use to maintain the registration cannot be submitted to, or has been finally rejected by, the
relevant governmental authority because such trademark or service mark is no longer in use; in each case, subject to the terms and conditions
of the IP Agreements;

(8)the abandonment or cancellation of Intellectual Property in the Ordinary Course of Business; and

(9)any transfer, deletion, de-identification or purge of any Personal Data that is required or permitted under applicable privacy
laws, under any of the Co-Issuers or Guarantors public-facing privacy policies or in the Ordinary Course of Business (including
in connection with terminating inactive Free Spirit Program or Saver$ Club member accounts) pursuant to the applicable Co-Issuers
or other Guarantors privacy and data retention policies consistent with past practice.

Permitted SPV Investments
means:

(1) to
the extent constituting an Investment, Investments in any SPV Party arising from the transactions contemplated in the Transaction Documents;

38

(2) any
Investment in cash, Cash Equivalents and any foreign equivalents;

(3) any
Investments received in a good faith compromise or resolution of (i) obligations of trade creditors or customers that were incurred in
the Ordinary Course of Business, including pursuant to any plan of reorganization or similar arrangement upon the bankruptcy or insolvency
of any trade creditor or customer or (ii) litigation, arbitration or other disputes;

(4) prepayment
of any Notes in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents and Senior Secured Debt
Documents;

(5) any
guarantee of Indebtedness of the SPV Parties to the extent otherwise expressly permitted under this Indenture;

(6) accounts
receivable arising in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(7) redemption
or purchase of the Notes; and

(8) any
Investment made as a result of the receipt of non-cash consideration from a Disposition of assets.

Permitted Warrant
Transaction means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) on Spirits
common stock (or a parent company of Spirits common stock) sold by Spirit substantially concurrently with any purchase of a related
Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, division of a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association,
company, estate, unincorporated organization, Airport Authority or Governmental Authority or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Personal Data
means (a) any information or data that alone or together with any other data or information can be used to identify, directly or indirectly,
a natural person or otherwise relates to an identified or identifiable natural person and (b) any other information or data considered
to be personally identifiable information or data under applicable law.

Plan
means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan that is a pension plan subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA, Sections
412 or 430 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA.

Pledged Gate Leaseholds
means, as of any date, the Gate Leaseholds included in the Collateral as of such date.

Pledged Ground Support
Equipment means, as of any date, the Ground Support Equipment included in the Collateral as of such date.

Pledged Real Property
Assets means, as of any date, the Material Real Property Assets that are subject to a Real Property Mortgage as of such date.

Pledged Slots
means, as of any date, the Eligible Slots included in the Collateral as of such date.

Pledged Spare Parts
means, as of any date, the Eligible Spare Parts included in the Collateral as of such date.

39

Pre-paid Miles Purchases
means the sale by Spirit or any Subsidiary thereof of pre-paid Miles to a counterparty of a Free Spirit Agreement or any similar transaction
involving a counterparty of a Free Spirit Agreement advancing funds to Spirit or any Subsidiary thereof against future payments to Spirit
or any Subsidiary thereof by such counterparty under such Free Spirit Agreement.

Private Placement
Legend means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(i) hereof to be placed on all Notes issued under this Indenture,
except where otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Indenture.

proceeds
means all proceeds as such term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC, including payments or distributions made with respect
to any investment property, whatever is receivable or received when Collateral or proceeds are sold, leased, licensed, exchanged, collected
or otherwise disposed of, whether such disposition is voluntary or involuntary, and any and all proceeds of loans.

Propeller
shall mean any propeller, including any part, appurtenance, and accessory of a propeller.

Property
means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, and whether tangible or intangible.

Public Company Transaction
means (A) a Public Permitted Airline Business acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange
Act) of Equity Interests of the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit representing more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary voting power for the election
of members of the board of directors of the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit (determined on a fully diluted basis) or (B) the Holdco Guarantor
or Spirit, on one hand, and a Public Permitted Airline Business, on the other hand, consummate a transaction that would constitute a Parent
Change of Control pursuant to clause (1) or (3) of the definition thereof but for the operation of the last paragraph of such definition.

Public Permitted
Airline Business means any Permitted Airline Business whose Equity Interests are traded on a U.S. national securities exchange,
excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any over-the-counter market.

QEC Kits
means the quick engine change kits of any Grantor.

QIB means
a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A.

Qualified Replacement
Assets means assets used or useful in the business of the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors that shall be Collateral.

Qualifying Equity
Interests means Equity Interests of Spirit other than Disqualified Stock.

Quarterly Reporting
Period means (a) initially, the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on June 30, 2025 and (b) thereafter, each
successive period of three consecutive months.

Rating Agency
means each of Moodys and Fitch.

Rating Agency Condition
means, with respect to the Notes and any action, a Co-Issuer has provided evidence to the Trustee that each Rating Agency that has provided
(and continues to maintain) a rating for the Notes as required under the Transaction Documents has provided a written confirmation that
such action will not result in either (A) a withdrawal of its credit ratings on the then-existing Notes or (B) the assignment of credit
ratings on the then-existing Notes below the lower of (x) the then-current credit ratings on such Notes or (y) the initial credit ratings
assigned to such Notes (in each case, without negative

40

implications); provided that any time that
there are no Notes rated by a Rating Agency, references to any condition or requirement that the Rating Agency Condition
shall have been satisfied shall have no effect and no such action shall be required.

Real Property Assets
shall mean those parcels of real property owned in fee by Spirit or any other Grantor designated by Spirit and together with, in each
case, all of Spirits or Grantors (as applicable) right, title and interest in and to all buildings, improvements, facilities,
appurtenant fixtures and equipment, easements and other property and rights incidental or appurtenant to the ownership of such parcel
of real property.

Real Property Mortgages
shall mean the mortgages, deeds of trust and other security documents granting a Lien on any Material Real Property Assets of Spirit or
any other Grantor, together with its interest in such property, to secure the Obligations, each in a form reasonably satisfactory to the
Collateral Agent and counsel to the Required Debtholders.

Recovery Event
means any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim or any condemnation proceeding relating to any
Collateral.

Redemption Premium
means an amount equal to (a) on or prior to March 12, 2027, the Make-Whole Amount, (b) after March 12, 2027 but on or prior March 12,
2028, 6.0% multiplied by the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed or accelerated and (c) after March 12, 2028, zero.

Regulation S
means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Global
Note means a Regulation S Temporary Global Note or Regulation S Permanent Global Note, as applicable.

Regulation S Permanent
Global Note means a permanent Global Note in the form of Exhibit A hereto bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private
Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Notes Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination
equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note upon expiration of the Restricted Period.

Regulation S Temporary
Global Note means a temporary Global Note in the form of Exhibit A hereto bearing the Global Note Legend, the Private
Placement Legend and the Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend and deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the
Notes Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes initially sold in reliance
on Rule 903.

Regulation S Temporary
Global Note Legend means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(iii) hereof.

Required Debtholders
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Required Deposit
Amount means, at any time for any Quarterly Reporting Period, the amount (as estimated by Spirit) necessary to pay in full
on the related Payment Date (a) all outstanding payments estimated to be due pursuant to Section 4.01(a) through (d) and
(b) if a Mandatory Prepayment Event has occurred or Cash Trap Period is in effect at such time, pursuant to Section 4.01(e) through
(h). Solely for the Quarterly Reporting Period ended June 30, 2025, the Required Deposit Amount shall include the amount

41

necessary to pay payments due pursuant to Section
4.01(a) through (d) for the period from the Closing Date until April 30, 2025.

Required Excess
Cash Flow means, (a) with respect to any Payment Date relating to a Quarterly Reporting Period in which a Cash Trap Period
was in effect as of the first day of the related Quarterly Reporting Period, an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 100% of the excess of
(A) the Collections received in the Collection Accounts during such Quarterly Reporting Period while such Cash Trap Period was in effect,
over (B) the amount to be distributed pursuant to Section 4.01(a) through (g) on such Payment Date and (ii) the amount necessary
to pay the outstanding principal balance of the Notes (and accrued interest thereon and all other Obligations) in full and (b) with respect
to any Quarterly Reporting Period in which a Cash Trap Event is not in effect at the beginning of such period but is in effect at the
end, 100% of the excess of (A) the sum of (1) the amounts on deposit in the Collection Accounts on the date of such Cash Trap Event plus
(2) the amounts deposited in the Collection Accounts during the period from such Cash Trap Event until the last day of such Quarterly
Reporting Period, over (B) the amount to be distributed pursuant to Section 4.01(a) through (g) on the related Payment Date
(or under this clause (b), such lesser amount as is necessary to pay the outstanding principal balance of the Notes (and accrued interest
thereon and all other Obligations) in full); provided that, in each case with respect to clauses (a) and (b), if a Cash Trap Cure
has occurred on or prior to such Payment Date or a Cash Trap Period is otherwise no longer in effect as of such Payment Date, Required
Excess Cash Flow with respect to such Payment Date shall equal $0. For the avoidance of doubt, a Cash Trap Event under Section
6.01(a) shall be in effect for a Quarterly Reporting Period if the relevant Debt Service Coverage Ratio Test was not satisfied at
the end of the immediately preceding period.

Requirement of Law
means, with respect to any Person, the common law and any federal, state, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes,
codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative
or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, or requirements
of, any Governmental Authority, in each case having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of
its Property or to which such Person or any of its Property is subject.

Responsible Officer
means, (a) with respect to any Person (other than the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian), the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive
Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller,
the Secretary, any Director, any Manager, any Managing Member or any Vice-President of such Person, and (b) with respect to the Trustee
or the Collateral Custodian, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian, as applicable (or
any successor division, unit or group of the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian, as applicable) who shall have direct responsibility
for the administration of this Indenture.

Restricted Definitive
Note means a Definitive Note bearing the Private Placement Legend.

Restricted Global
Note means a Global Note bearing the Private Placement Legend.

Restricted Parent
Investment means an Investment other than a Permitted Parent Investment.

Restricted Period
means the 40-day distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted SPV Investment
means an Investment other than a Permitted SPV Investment.

42

Retained Agreement
means, at any time, all currently existing (at such time) co-branding, partnering or similar agreements related to or entered into in
connection with the Free Spirit Program and with respect to which the payment rights thereunder have not been transferred to the Loyalty
Issuer (including pursuant to Section 4.06).

Retained Agreement
Revenues means, with respect to any period, the aggregate amount of revenues attributable to the Retained Agreements during
such period.

Revolving Agent
means the administrative agent and/or collateral agent under any Revolving Credit Agreement, together with its successors or co-agents
in substantially the same capacity as may from time to time be appointed pursuant to the Revolving Credit Agreement, together with its
successors and permitted assigns under the Revolving Credit Agreement.

Revolving Credit
Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among Spirit,
the Subsidiaries and/or Affiliates of Spirit party thereto from time to time as guarantors, the Revolving Agent and the other parties
thereto, and including any related notes, guarantees, collateral documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith,
and, in each case, as further amended, restated, supplemented, waived, renewed or otherwise modified or replaced from time to time, and/or
any other or additional credit facility or facilities or notes or other Indebtedness designated by the Co-Issuers or Spirit as a Revolving
Credit Agreement, or part thereof, from time to time.

Revolving Loan Documents
means, collectively, the Revolving Credit Agreement, the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes Priority Collateral
Intercreditor Agreement and the documents governing the Indebtedness outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement and the security
documents related to the foregoing.

Revolving Priority
Collateral has the meaning assigned to such term in the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement.

Revolving Priority
Collateral Intercreditor Agreement means the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing
Date, by and among Spirit, the other Grantors party thereto, the Revolving Agent, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Revolving
Security Agent, the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and each Additional Credit Facility Representative party thereto from time to time,
as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Revolving Priority
Collateral Proceeds Account means the Collateral Proceeds Account as such term is defined in the Revolving Credit
Agreement or any similar account referred to in any other Revolving Credit Agreement.

Revolving Priority
Collateral Sale Proceeds means Net Proceeds of Revolving Priority Collateral.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A
means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 903
means Rule 903 promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 904
means Rule 904 promulgated under the Securities Act.

43

S&P
means Standard & Poors Ratings Services.

Sale of a Grantor
means, with respect to any Collateral, an issuance, sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of the Capital Stock of the
applicable Grantor that owns such Collateral.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, territory or region which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions, which as of the Closing Date
include Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria.

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) a Person which is subject or target of any Sanctions or (b) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person
or Persons.

Sanctions
means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the United States government,
including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of
State.

Saver$ Club
means the Loyalty Program under the name the Saver$ Club as of the Closing Date (f/k/a the $9 Fare Club) which is operated,
owned or controlled, directly or indirectly by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries, or principally associated with Spirit or any of its
Subsidiaries, as in effect from time to time, whether under the Saver$ Club name or otherwise, in each case including any
successor program.

Saver$ Club Transaction
Revenues means, with respect to any period, the aggregate amount of reasonably identifiable revenues (as determined by Spirit
in its commercially reasonable judgment) of the Saver$ Club during such period (whether received by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries).

SEC means
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Section 1110
means 11 U.S.C. Section 1110 of the Bankruptcy Code or any successor or analogous section of the federal bankruptcy law in effect from
time to time.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

Security Agreement
means that certain Security Agreement, dated on the Closing Date, among the Co-Issuers, the Cayman Guarantors and the Collateral Agent,
as it may be amended and restated from time to time.

Senior Secured Debt
means the Notes.

Senior Secured Debt
Documents has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Senior Secured Debt
Obligations has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Senior Secured Debt
Representative means the Trustee.

Senior Secured Parties
has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Shared Liquidity
Amount means an amount equal to (a) $100.0 million minus (b) the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(b)(vi)(y) and (ii) Notes

44

Priority Collateral Sale Proceeds that are retained
by Spirit or any other applicable Grantor pursuant to Section 3.09(a)(iii)(z).

Shared Retained
Amount means an amount equal to (a) $25.0 million minus (b) the sum of (i) Notes Priority Collateral Sale Proceeds that
are retained by Spirit or any other applicable Grantor pursuant to Section 3.09(a)(iii)(y) and (ii) Revolving Priority Collateral
Sale Proceeds that are retained by Spirit or any other applicable Grantor pursuant to Section 3.09(a)(iv).

Significant Free
Spirit Agreement means (a) the Bank of America Affinity Agreement, (b) the CreditShop Co-Brand Agreement, (c) any Permitted
Replacement Free Spirit Agreement and (d) as of any date, each other Free Spirit Agreement that generated Free Spirit Transaction Revenues
equal to 15% or more of the Free Spirit Transaction Revenues received over the twelve months prior to such date, in each case, as amended,
restated, extended, replaced, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time as permitted by this Indenture and the other Collateral
Documents.

Slot
means (a) in the case of airports outside the United States, at any time, the right and operational authority to conduct one landing or
takeoff at a specific time or during a specific time period, or (b) in the case of airports in the United States, FAA Slots.

Slot and Gate Security
Agreement shall mean that certain Slot and Gate Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, entered into by Spirit, each
other applicable Grantor and the Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and
restated from time to time.

Spare Parts
shall mean all accessories, appurtenances, or parts of an Aircraft (except an Engine or Propeller), Engine (except a Propeller), Propeller,
or Appliance, that are to be installed at a later time in an Aircraft, Engine, Propeller or Appliance.

Spare Parts Security
Agreement means the Mortgage and Security Agreement (Spare Parts), dated as of the Closing Date, entered into by Spirit, each
other applicable Grantor and the Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and
restated from time to time.

Specified Accounts
means accounts of Spirit or any Subsidiary thereof (other than any SPV Party), solely to the extent any such accounts hold funds set aside
by Spirit or any Subsidiary thereof (other than any SPV Party) to manage the collection and payment of amounts collected, withheld or
incurred by Spirit or such Subsidiary thereof for the benefit of unaffiliated third parties relating to: (a) escrow accounts; (b) payroll
accounts; (c) federal income tax withholding and backup withholding tax, employment taxes, transportation excise taxes and security related
charges; (d) any and all state and local income tax withholding, employment taxes and related charges and fees and similar taxes, charges
and fees, including, but not limited to, state and local payroll withholding taxes, unemployment and supplemental unemployment taxes,
disability taxes, workmans or workers compensation charges and related charges and fees; (e) state and local taxes imposed
on overall gross receipts, sales and use taxes, fuel excise taxes and hotel occupancy taxes; (f) passenger facility fees and charges collected
on behalf of and owed to various administrators, institutions, authorities, agencies and entities; (g) other similar federal, state or
local taxes, charges and fees (including without limitation any amount required to be withheld or collected under applicable law); (h)
accrued and unpaid employee compensation payments (including salaries, wages, benefits and expense reimbursements, 401(k) and other retirement
plans and employee benefits, including rabbi trusts for deferred compensation and health care benefits); or (i) other fiduciary, tax or
trust accounts or accounts held in trust for, or otherwise pledged to or segregated for the benefit of, an unaffiliated third party; provided
that in no event shall any Controlled Account be a Specified Account.

45

Specified Acquisition
Entity means any entity that is (x) acquired by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Loyalty Issuer, Brand Issuer,
HoldCo 1 or HoldCo 2) after the Closing Date (whether such entity becomes wholly or less than one hundred percent (100%) owned by Spirit
or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Loyalty Issuer, Brand Issuer, HoldCo 1 or HoldCo 2)) or (y) another commercial airline (including
any business lines or divisions thereof) with which Spirit or such a Subsidiary of Spirit merges or enters into an acquisition transaction
with.

Specified IP
means that certain Intellectual Property which cannot be transferred or contributed to the applicable Co-Issuer due to applicable law,
domain registrar restrictions or existing contractual restrictions.

Specified Organizational
Documents means (i) the Third Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association of the Loyalty Issuer, dated as of the Closing
Date, (ii) the Third Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association of the Brand Issuer, dated as of the Closing Date, (iii) the Third
Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association of HoldCo 2, dated as of the Closing Date, and (iv) the Third Amended and Restated Memorandum
of Association of HoldCo 1, dated as of the Closing Date, in each case, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time as
permitted thereby and by this Indenture and the other Collateral Documents.

Specified Permitted
Refinancing Indebtedness means Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to renew, refund, refinance, replace, extend, defease
or discharge any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clauses (vii), (viii)(B), (xvi) and/or (xxiii) of Section 4.09(b).

Spirit Intercompany
Loan means any outstanding loan made by the Co-Issuers or any of the Cayman Guarantors to Spirit at any time, including prior
to the Closing Date, on the Closing Date and/or after the Closing Date.

Spirit Intercompany
Note means the promissory note(s) evidencing the Spirit Intercompany Loan, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from
time to time.

Spirit Traveler
Data means data (a) generated, produced or acquired as a result of the issuance, modification or cancellation of customer tickets
from Spirit or for flights on Spirit, including data in or derived from passenger name records (including name and contact information)
associated with flights on Spirit, or (b) that relates to a customers flight-related experience, but excluding in the case of clause
(a) information that would not be generated, produced or acquired in the absence of the Free Spirit Program, the Saver$ Club or any other
loyalty program.

SPV Parties
means the Co-Issuers, HoldCo 1 and HoldCo 2.

Stated Maturity
means, with respect to any installment of interest or principal on the Notes, the date on which the payment of interest or principal was
scheduled to be paid under this Indenture as of the Closing Date, and will not include any contingent obligations to repay, redeem or
repurchase any such interest or principal prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment thereof.

Stock
means all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership,
limited liability company or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or
equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting; provided,
that any instrument evidencing Indebtedness convertible or exchangeable for Stock shall not be deemed to be Stock, unless and until any
such instruments are so converted or exchanged.

46

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person:

(1) any
corporation, company, association or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture or limited liability company) of which
more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after
giving effect to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election
of directors, managers or trustees of the corporation, association or other business entity is at the time of determination owned or controlled,
directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person (or a combination thereof); and

(2) any
partnership, joint venture or limited liability company of which (a) more than 50% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total
equity and voting interests or general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly,
by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, whether in the form of membership, general,
special or limited partnership interests or otherwise and (b) such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general
partner or otherwise controls such entity.

Survey
shall mean a survey of any Pledged Real Property Asset (and all improvements thereon) which is (a) (i) prepared by a surveyor or engineer
licensed to perform surveys in the jurisdiction where such Pledged Real Property Asset is located, (ii) dated (or redated) not earlier
than nine months prior to the date of delivery thereof unless there shall have occurred within nine months prior to such date of delivery
any material exterior construction on the site of such Pledged Real Property Asset or any material easement, right of way or other interest
in the Pledged Real Property Asset has been granted or become effective through operation of law or otherwise with respect to such Pledged
Real Property Asset which, in either case, can be depicted on a survey, in which events, as applicable, such survey shall be dated (or
redated) within a reasonable period after the completion of such construction or if such construction shall not have been completed as
of such date of delivery, not earlier than 30 days prior to such date of delivery, or after the grant or effectiveness of any such easement,
right of way or other interest in the Pledged Real Property Asset, (iii) certified by the surveyor (in a manner reasonably acceptable
to the Collateral Agent and counsel to the Required Debtholders) to the Collateral Agent, and the Title Company, (iv) complying in all
respects with the minimum detail requirements of the American Land Title Association as such requirements are in effect on the date of
preparation of such survey and (v) sufficient for the Title Company to remove all standard survey exceptions from the title insurance
policy (or commitment) relating to such Pledged Real Property Asset (other than a read-in of the applicable Survey) and
issue the endorsements of the type required by Section 4.34 or (b) otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent (acting at
the direction of the Required Debtholders pursuant to an Act of Required Debtholders); provided, that any survey which is reasonably acceptable
to the Revolving Agent under the Revolving Credit Agreement is hereby deemed acceptable to the Collateral Agent and the Required Debtholders.

Taxes
means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, assessments, fees, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by
any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Termination Date
means the earlier to occur of (a) March 12, 2030 and (b) the date of acceleration of the Notes in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.

Third Party Processors
means a third party provider or other third party that accesses, collects, stores, transmits, transfers, processes, discloses or uses
Personal Data on behalf of a Co-Issuer.

Third-Party Rights
means, with respect to any Intellectual Property, any rights existing on the Closing Date granted to any Person (other than Spirit or
any of its Affiliates) to use such Intellectual

47

Property under the Free Spirit Agreements or other
third-party non-exclusive licenses granted in the ordinary course.

Title Company
shall mean any title insurance company as shall be retained by Spirit and reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent (acting at the
direction of the Required Debtholders pursuant to an Act of Required Debtholders); provided that (i) each of Stewart Title Insurance Company,
First American Title Insurance Company and Chicago Title Insurance Company and (ii) each Title Company reasonably acceptable to the Revolving
Agent under the Revolving Credit Agreement are hereby deemed acceptable to the Collateral Agent and the Required Debtholders.

Titled Ground Support
Equipment shall mean Ground Support Equipment the ownership of which is evidenced by a certificate of title (or local equivalent)
pursuant to laws of any state or municipality located within the United States and in which a security interest in favor of the Collateral
Agent cannot be perfected through filing a UCC-1 financing statement in any applicable jurisdiction, excluding, in each case, any such
Ground Support Equipment with an individual book value of less than $125,000.

Total DSCR
means, with respect to any proposed incurrence or issuance of Junior Lien Debt on any date of determination, the ratio obtained by dividing
(i) the aggregate amount of Collections deposited to the Collection Accounts during the most recently completed Quarterly Reporting Period
by (ii) the aggregate amount of interest that will accrue on the Notes and the Junior Lien Debt for a three-month period, determined based
on the outstanding amount of the Notes and the Junior Lien Debt as of such date of determination and the amount of Junior Lien Debt to
be issued or incurred, which calculation will be determined by Spirit in good faith and certified to the Trustee.

Total Net Leverage
Ratio means, with respect to Spirit and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as of any date of determination, the ratio
of (i) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date to (ii) Consolidated EBITDAR for the most recently ended Quarterly Reporting Period.

Trade Secrets
means all confidential and proprietary information, including trade secrets (as defined under the Uniform Trade Secrets Act or the federal
Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016) and proprietary know-how, which may include all inventions (whether or not patentable), invention disclosures,
methods, processes, designs, algorithms, source code, customer lists and data (including Free Spirit Customer Data), databases, compilations,
collections of data, practices, processes, specifications, test procedures, flow diagrams, research and development, and formulas.

Transaction Documents
means the Notes Documents, the IP Agreements, the Spirit Intercompany Note and the Material Free Spirit Agreements.

Transaction Revenues
means, with respect to any period and without duplication, (a) the Saver$ Club Transaction Revenues during such period, (b) the Free Spirit
Transaction Revenues during such period and (c) the IP License Transaction Revenues during such period. For the avoidance of doubt, (i)
amounts deposited into the Collection Accounts to pre-fund the Required Deposit Amount and (ii) Cure Amounts shall not constitute Transaction
Revenues.

Treasury Rate
means with respect to any redemption date, the yield to maturity as of such redemption date of United States Treasury securities with
a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) that has become publicly
available at least two (2) Business Days prior to the redemption date (or, if such Federal Reserve Statistical Release is no longer published,
any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to the second anniversary
of the Closing Date (or, if such period is shorter than the shortest period which such yield is so published or otherwise so publicly
available, such shortest period).

48

Trust Indenture
Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder as in effect on the date hereof.

Trustee
means Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, until a successor replaces it in accordance with the applicable provisions of
this Indenture and thereafter means the successor serving hereunder.

UCC means
the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in any applicable jurisdiction.

Unfinanced Capital
Expenditures means, for any period, Capital Expenditures made during such period which are not financed from the proceeds of
any Indebtedness (other than proceeds of borrowings under any Credit Facility incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(b)(vi)).

Unrestricted Definitive
Note means one or more Definitive Notes that do not bear and are not required to bear the Private Placement Legend.

Unrestricted Global
Note means a permanent Global Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto that bears the Global Note Legend
and that has the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto, and that is deposited with or on
behalf of and registered in the name of the Notes Depositary, representing Notes that do not bear the Private Placement Legend.

U.S. Person
means a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k) under the Securities Act.

US IGA
means the intergovernmental agreement to improve international tax compliance and the exchange of information between the Cayman Islands
and the United States.

Use or Lose Rule
shall mean with respect to FAA Slots, the terms of 14 C.F.R. Section 93.227 or other applicable utilization requirements issued by the
FAA, other Governmental Authorities or any Airport Authorities.

Weighted Average
Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing:

(x) the
sum of the products obtained by multiplying (a) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other
required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect of the Indebtedness, by (b) the number of years (calculated
to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment; by

(y) the
then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided that for purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to
Maturity of any Indebtedness that is being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, the effects of any prepayments
or amortization made on such Indebtedness prior to the date of the applicable modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement
or extension shall be disregarded.

Section
1.02Other
Definitions.

Term 

Defined
in Section

Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds 3.09(a)

49

Term 

Defined
in Section

Applied Mandatory Prepayment Amount 3.08(a)

Authentication Order 2.02

Brand Issuer Preamble

Cash Trap Events 6.01

Collateral Proceeds Account 4.12(e)

Contingent Payment Event Proceeds 3.09(a)

Covenant Defeasance 8.03

Cure Amounts 4.03(e)

ECF Account 4.12(a)

ECF Repurchase Date 4.22(b)

ECF Repurchase Offer 4.22(a)

ECF Repurchase Offer Notices 4.22(d)

ECF Repurchase Offer Period 4.22(b)

ECF Repurchase Price 4.22(b)

Event of Default 6.02(a)

Excess PPM Net Proceeds 3.08(a)

Excess Recovery Event Proceeds 3.09(a)

Existing LMT Debt 4.35

incur 4.09(a)

Initial Notes Recitals

Legal Defeasance 8.02

Liability Management Transaction 4.35

Loyalty Issuer Preamble

Mandatory Offer Repurchase Price 3.09(c)

Mandatory Prepayment Event 3.08(a)

Mandatory Repurchase Date 3.09(c)

Mandatory Repurchase Offer 3.09(a)

Mandatory Repurchase Offer Event 3.09(a)

Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notices 3.09(e)

Mandatory Repurchase Offer Period 3.09(c)

New LMT Debt 4.35

Note Guarantees 10.01(a)

Note Register 2.03

Notes Payment Account 4.04(a)

Notes Reserve Account 4.05(a)

Parent or Parent Guarantor Preamble

Parent Change of Control Offer 4.23(a)

Parent Change of Control Payment 4.23(a)

Parent Change of Control Payment Date 4.23(a)

Paying Agent 2.03

Payment Waterfall 4.01

Permitted Debt 4.09(b)

PIK Interest 2.16(a)

PIK Notes 2.16(a)

PIK Payment 2.16(a)

Prepayment Date 3.08(a)

Prepayment Record Date 3.08(b)

Recovery Event Proceeds 3.09(a)

50

Term 

Defined
in Section

Redemption Date 3.07(a)

Registrar 2.03

Remitted Amount 3.08(a)

Required Currency 12.18

Restricted Payments 4.08(a)

Restricted SPV Payments 4.08(c)

Spirit Preamble

Transaction Election 1.06

Transaction Test Date 1.06

Section
1.03[Reserved].

Section
1.04Rules
of Construction.

Unless the context otherwise
requires:

(a)a term has the meaning assigned to it;

(b)an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;

(c)or is not exclusive;

(d)words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular;

(e)will shall be interpreted to express a command;

(f)provisions apply to successive events and transactions;

(g)references to sections of, or rules under, the Securities Act shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement or successor
sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time;

(h)unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an Article, Section, clause
or Exhibit refers to an Article, Section, clause or Exhibit, as the case may be, of this Indenture;

(i)the words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer
to this Indenture as a whole and not any particular Article, Section, clause, other subdivision or Exhibit;

(j)the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the
phrase without limitation; and

(k)references to principal amount of Notes include any increase in the principal amount of outstanding Notes
as a result of a PIK Payment.

Section
1.05Acts
of Holders.

(a)Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be
given or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by

51

one or more instruments of substantially similar
tenor signed by such Holders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing. Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action
shall become effective when such instrument or instruments or record or both are delivered to the Trustee, the Collateral Custodian, if
applicable, and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Co-Issuers. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing
any such agent, or the holding by any Person of a Note, shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section
7.01) conclusive in favor of the Trustee, the Collateral Custodian and the Co-Issuers, if made in the manner provided in this Section
1.05.

(b)The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness
of such execution or by the certificate of any notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying
that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where such execution is by or on behalf
of any legal entity other than an individual, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute proof of the authority of the Person
executing the same. The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the
same, may also be proved in any other manner that the Trustee deems sufficient.

(c)Subject to Section 1.05(i), the ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

(d)Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Note shall bind
every future Holder of the same Note and the Holder of every Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor
or in lieu thereof, in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by the Trustee, the Collateral Custodian or the Co-Issuers in
reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Note.

(e)The Co-Issuers may set a record date for purposes of determining the identity of Holders entitled to give any request, demand,
authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or take any other act, or to vote or consent to any action by vote or consent authorized
or permitted to be given or taken by Holders. Unless otherwise specified, if not set by the Co-Issuers prior to the first solicitation
of a Holder made by any Person in respect of any such action, or in the case of any such vote, prior to such vote, any such record date
shall be the later of 30 days prior to the first solicitation of such consent or the date of the most recent list of Holders furnished
to the Trustee prior to such solicitation.

(f)Without limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular Note may do
so with regard to all or any part of the principal amount of such Note or by one or more duly appointed agents, each of which may do so
pursuant to such appointment with regard to all or any part of such principal amount. Any notice given or action taken by a Holder or
its agents with regard to different parts of such principal amount pursuant to this Section 1.05(f) shall have the same effect
as if given or taken by separate Holders of each such different part.

(g)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Holder, including DTC that is the Holder of a Global Note, may make,
give or take, by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in writing, any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver
or other action provided in this Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders, and DTC that is the Holder of a Global Note may provide
its proxy or proxies to the beneficial owners of interests in any such Global Note through such depositarys standing instructions
and customary practices.

(h)The Co-Issuers may fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Persons who are beneficial owners of interests in
any Global Note held by DTC entitled under the procedures of such depositary to make, give or take, by a proxy or proxies duly appointed
in writing, any request, demand,

52

authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver
or other action provided in this Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders. If such a record date is fixed, the Holders on such
record date or their duly appointed proxy or proxies, and only such Persons, shall be entitled to make, give or take such request, demand,
authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record date.
No such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action shall be valid or effective if made, given
or taken more than 90 days after such record date.

(i)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, a holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note will be entitled to
exercise rights to vote, give consents and directions which Holders of the related Notes are entitled to give under this Indenture and
the other Notes Documents upon delivery of a beneficial ownership certificate in a form acceptable to the Trustee which certifies (i)
that such Person is a beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note, and (ii) the amount of Notes so owned; provided that, nothing
shall prevent the Trustee from reasonably requesting additional information and documentation with respect to any such beneficial owner;
provided further that the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the accuracy and the currency of each beneficial ownership
certificate and shall have no liability for relying thereon.

Section
1.06Limited
Condition Transactions.

Notwithstanding anything in
this Indenture to the contrary, when (i) calculating availability under any applicable basket or ratio in this Indenture in connection
with the incurrence of Indebtedness, the creation of Liens, the making of any Disposition, the making of any acquisitions, the making
of an Investment, the making of a Restricted Payment (other than a Restricted Payment pursuant to clause (1) of the definition thereof),
the repayment of Indebtedness or for any other purpose, (ii) determining whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred, is continuing
or would result from any action or (iii) determining compliance with any representations and warranties and any other condition precedent
to any action or transaction, in each case of clauses (i) through (iii) in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, the date of
determination of such basket or ratio, whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred, is continuing or would result therefrom,
or the satisfaction of any other condition precedent shall, at the option of the Co-Issuers (the Co-Issuers election to exercise
such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, a Transaction Election), be deemed to be the date
of declaration of such Restricted Payment (other than a Restricted Payment made pursuant to clause (1) of the definition thereof) or the
date that the definitive agreement for such Restricted Payment (other than a Restricted Payment made pursuant to clause (1) of the definition
thereof), Investment, acquisition, Disposition or incurrence, repayment, repurchase or refinancing of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock
or preferred stock is entered into, the date a public announcement of an intention to make an offer in respect of the target of such acquisition
or Investment or the date of such notice, which may be conditional, of such repayment, repurchase or refinancing of Indebtedness, Disqualified
Stock or preferred stock or such Disposition is given to the holders of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or preferred stock (any
such date, the Transaction Test Date). If on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Limited Condition Transaction
and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any acquisitions, Investments, the incurrence or issuance
of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or preferred stock and the use of proceeds thereof, the incurrence of Liens, repayments, Restricted
Payments (other than a Restricted Payment made pursuant to clause (1) of the definition thereof) and Dispositions) and any related pro
forma adjustments, with such baskets and ratios, absence of defaults, satisfaction of conditions precedent and other provisions calculated
as if such Limited Condition Transaction or other transactions had occurred on the relevant Transaction Test Date in compliance with the
applicable baskets and ratios or other provisions, such provisions shall be deemed to have been complied with. For the avoidance of doubt,
(i) if any of such baskets, ratios, absence of defaults, satisfaction of conditions precedent or other provisions are exceeded or breached
as a result of fluctuations in such ratio, a change in facts and circumstances or other provisions at or prior to the consummation of
the relevant Limited Condition Transaction, such ratios, absence of

53

defaults, satisfaction of conditions precedent
and other provisions will not be deemed to have been exceeded, breached, or otherwise failed to have been satisfied as a result of such
fluctuations or changed circumstances solely for purposes of determining whether the Limited Condition Transaction and any related transactions
is permitted hereunder and (ii) such baskets and ratios and compliance with such conditions shall not be tested at the time of consummation
of such Limited Condition Transaction or related transactions. If the Issuer has made a Transaction Election for any Limited Condition
Transaction, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or basket availability with respect to any other Limited
Condition Transaction or otherwise on or following the relevant Transaction Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such
Limited Condition Transaction is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is terminated
or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such ratio or basket shall be calculated on a pro forma basis
assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and
the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. For purposes of any calculation of any ratio that includes Fixed Charges or otherwise
includes interest expense of any Indebtedness to be incurred, such Fixed Charges or interest expense may be calculated using an assumed
interest rate for the Indebtedness to be incurred in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction based on the indicative interest
margin contained in any financing commitment documentation with respect to such Indebtedness or, if no such indicative interest margin
exists, as reasonably determined by the Issuer in good faith.

Article
2 

THE NOTES

Section
2.01Form
and Dating; Terms.

(a)General. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication (including any PIK Notes and the related
Trustees certificate of authentication) shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto. The Notes may have notations,
legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rules or usage. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes
shall be in minimum denominations of $1.00 and integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof.

(b)Global Notes. Notes issued in global form shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (including
the Global Note Legend thereon and the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto). Notes issued
in definitive form shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon and without
the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto). Each Global Note shall represent such of the
outstanding Notes as shall be specified in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto and
each shall provide that it shall represent up to the aggregate principal amount of Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as applicable, to reflect
prepayments, exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate
principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby resulting from exchange from one Global Note to another shall be made by the
Trustee or the Collateral Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required
by Section 2.06 hereof.

(c)Temporary Global Notes. Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S shall be issued initially in the form
of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Notes represented thereby with
the Trustee, as custodian for the Notes Depositary, and registered in the name of the Notes Depositary or the nominee of the Notes Depositary
for

54

the accounts of designated agents holding on behalf
of Euroclear or Clearstream, duly executed by the Co-Issuers and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided.

Following the termination of
the Restricted Period, beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for beneficial interests in the
Regulation S Permanent Global Note pursuant to the Applicable Procedures. Simultaneously with the authentication of the Regulation S Permanent
Global Note, the Trustee shall cancel the Regulation S Temporary Global Note. The aggregate principal amount of the Regulation S Temporary
Global Note and the Regulation S Permanent Global Note may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records
of the Trustee and the Notes Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, in connection with transfers of interest, exchanges, prepayments
and redemption as hereinafter provided.

(d)Terms. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited.

The terms and provisions contained
in the Notes in Exhibit A attached hereto shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture and the Co-Issuers,
the Guarantors and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to
be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision of any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions
of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling.

The Notes shall be subject to
repurchase by the Co-Issuers pursuant to a Mandatory Repurchase Offer as provided in Section 3.09 hereof, an ECF Repurchase Offer
as provided in Section 4.22 hereof or a Parent Change of Control Offer as provided in Section 4.23 hereof. The Notes shall
not be redeemable or prepayable, other than as provided in Article 3.

(e)Euroclear and Clearstream Procedures Applicable. The provisions of the Operating Procedures of the Euroclear
System and Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the General Terms and Conditions of Clearstream
Banking and Customer Handbook of Clearstream shall be applicable to transfers of beneficial interests in the Regulation
S Temporary Global Note and the Regulation S Permanent Global Notes that are held by Participants through Euroclear or Clearstream.

(f)PIK Notes. The Co-Issuers shall from time to time issue PIK Notes and/or increase the principal amount of a Global
Note as a result of a PIK Payment, if any, in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Indenture. The Initial Notes and PIK Notes
will be treated (i) as a single class of securities for all purposes under this Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions
and offers to purchase, and (ii) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as part of the same issue pursuant to Treasury Regulations
Sections 1.1275-1(f)(4) and 1.1275-2(c)(3).

Section
2.02Execution
and Authentication.

One or more Responsible Officers
of each Co-Issuer shall sign the Notes on behalf of the Co-Issuers by manual or facsimile signature.

If a Responsible Officer whose
signature is on a Note no longer holds that office at the time a Note is authenticated, the Note shall nevertheless be valid.

A Note shall not be valid until
authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Note
has been authenticated under this Indenture. A Note shall be dated the date of its authentication unless otherwise provided by a board

55

resolution, a supplemental indenture or an Officers
Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order (an Authentication Order), authenticate
and deliver the Initial Notes. In addition, from time to time, the Trustee shall upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance
with Section 2.16, authenticate and deliver any PIK Notes in an aggregate principal amount to be determined at the time of issuance and
specified therein and/or an increase in the aggregate principal amount of an outstanding Global Note as a result of a PIK Payment in the
amount specified therein. Such Authentication Order shall specify the amount of the Notes to be authenticated and/or the amount of the
increase in the aggregate principal amount of an outstanding Global Note as a result of a PIK Payment, the date on which the original
issue of Notes is to be authenticated and whether the Notes are to be Initial Notes or PIK Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Indenture or Exhibit A, any issuance of PIK Notes, as applicable, after the Closing Date shall be in a principal amount of at
least $1.00 and integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof.

The Trustee may appoint an authenticating
agent acceptable to the Co-Issuers to authenticate Notes. An authenticating agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so.
Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An authenticating agent has the
same rights as any Registrar, Paying Agent or agent of services of notices and demands.

Section
2.03Registrar
and Paying Agent.

The Co-Issuers shall maintain
an office or agency where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (Registrar) and an
office or agency where Notes may be presented for payment (Paying Agent). The Registrar shall keep a register of
the Notes (Note Register) and of their transfer and exchange. The Co-Issuers may have one or more co-registrars and
one or more additional paying agents. The term Registrar includes any co-registrar and the term Paying Agent
includes any additional paying agent. The Co-Issuers may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without prior notice to any Holder. If the
Co-Issuers fail to appoint or maintain another entity as Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such. The Co-Issuers hereby
appoint the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office as Registrar and Paying Agent for the Notes unless another Registrar or Paying Agent,
as the case may be, is appointed prior to the time the Notes are first issued. The Co-Issuers shall notify the Trustee of the name and
address of any Agent not a party to this Indenture.

The Co-Issuers initially appoint
DTC to act as Notes Depositary with respect to the Global Notes.

Section
2.04Paying
Agent to Hold Money in Trust.

The Co-Issuers shall, no later
than the Allocation Date in connection with each Payment Date, deposit with a Paying Agent cash (which shall be funded in accordance with
Section 2.9 of the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement) and, if applicable, PIK Notes sufficient to pay such amount, such cash and,
if applicable, such PIK Notes to be held in trust for the Holders entitled to the same, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the
Co-Issuers shall promptly notify the Trustee of their action or failure so to act. The Co-Issuers shall require each Paying Agent other
than the Trustee to agree in writing that such Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all cash and/or
PIK Notes held by such Paying Agent for the payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes, and shall notify the Trustee
of any default by the Co-Issuers in making any such payment. While any such default continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent
to pay or deliver, as applicable, all cash and/or PIK Notes held by it to the Trustee. The Co-Issuers at any time may require a Paying
Agent to pay all cash and/or PIK Notes held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over, or delivery, to the Trustee, a Paying Agent shall
have no further liability for the cash and/or PIK Notes, as the case may be. If the Parent Guarantor or either Co-

56

Issuer acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate
and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders all cash held by it as Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy or reorganization
proceedings relating to the Co-Issuers, the Trustee shall serve as Paying Agent for the Notes. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture
to the contrary, any PIK Payment in the form of an increase in the aggregate principal amount of an outstanding Global Note made in accordance
with Sections 2.01(f), 2.16 and 4.01 shall be deemed to comply with this Section 2.04.

Section
2.05Holder
Lists.

The Trustee shall preserve in
as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of Holders. If the Trustee
is not the Registrar, the Co-Issuers shall furnish to the Trustee at least five Business Days before each Payment Date and at such other
times as the Trustee may reasonably request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require
of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes.

Section
2.06Transfer
and Exchange.

(a)Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 2.06, a Global Note may
be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to another nominee of the Notes Depositary or to a successor Notes Depositary or a nominee
of such successor Notes Depositary. A beneficial interest in a Global Note may not be exchanged for a Definitive Note unless (i) the Notes
Depositary (x) notifies the Co-Issuers that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Notes Depositary for such Global Note or (y) has
ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Notes Depositary is not appointed by
the Co-Issuers within 120 days or (ii) there shall have occurred and be continuing a Default with respect to the Notes. Upon the occurrence
of any of the preceding events in (i) or (ii) above, Definitive Notes delivered in exchange for any Global Note or beneficial interests
therein will be registered in the names, and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of the Notes Depositary (in
accordance with its customary procedures). Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Section
2.07 and Section 2.10 hereof. Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion
thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.06 or Section 2.07 or Section 2.10 hereof, shall be authenticated and delivered
in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note, except for Definitive Notes issued subsequent to any of the preceding events in (i) or (ii)
above and pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(ii)(B) and Section 2.06(c) hereof. A Global Note may not be exchanged for another
Note other than as provided in this Section 2.06(a); provided, however, beneficial interests in a Global Note may
be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 2.06(b) or Section 2.06(c) hereof.

(b)Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests
in the Global Notes shall be effected through the Notes Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable
Procedures. Beneficial interests in the Restricted Global Notes shall be subject to restrictions on transfer comparable to those set forth
herein to the extent required by the Securities Act. Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Notes also shall require compliance
with either subparagraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable:

(i)Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred
to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer
restrictions set forth in the Private Placement Legend; provided, however, that prior to the expiration of the Restricted
Period, transfers of beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be made to a U.S. Person or for the account
or benefit of a U.S. Person. Beneficial interests in

57

any Unrestricted Global Note may be
transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. No written orders
or instructions shall be required to be delivered to the Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 2.06(b)(i).

(ii)All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges
of beneficial interests that are not subject to Section 2.06(b)(i) hereof, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver
to the Registrar either (A) (1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Notes Depositary in accordance
with the Applicable Procedures directing the Notes Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global
Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable
Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase or (B) (1) subsequent to any
of the events in clauses (i) or (ii) of Section 2.06(a), a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant
given to the Notes Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Notes Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive
Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given by the Notes Depositary to
the Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer
or exchange referred to in (1) above; provided, that in no event shall Definitive Notes be issued upon the transfer or exchange
of beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note prior to (A) the expiration of the Restricted Period and (B) the receipt
by the Registrar of the certificates in the form of Exhibit B hereto. Upon satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer
or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in this Indenture and the Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities
Act, the Trustee shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Note(s) pursuant to Section 2.06(h) hereof.

(iii)Transfer of Beneficial Interests to Another Restricted Global Note. A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note
may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Restricted Global Note if the
transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(ii) hereof and the Registrar receives the following:

(A)if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note, then the transferor must
deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(B)if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note, then the transferor
must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; or

(C)if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the IAI Global Note, then the transferor must
deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and, if applicable, Opinion of
Counsel, in each case as required by item (3)(d) thereof.

(iv)Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note.
A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note may be exchanged by any Holder thereof for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted
Global Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note
if the exchange or transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(ii) hereof and the Registrar receives the following:

58

(A) if the Holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for
a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto,
including the certifications in item (1)(a) thereof; or

(B)if the Holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a
Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder
in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such
case set forth in this Section 2.06(b)(iv), if the Registrar or Co-Issuers so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require,
an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar and Co-Issuers to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in
compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer
required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

If any such transfer
is effected pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iv) at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Co-Issuers
shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee shall authenticate
one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of beneficial interests
transferred pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iv).

Beneficial interests
in an Unrestricted Global Note cannot be exchanged for, or transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of, a beneficial
interest in a Restricted Global Note.

(c)Transfer or Exchange of Beneficial Interests for Definitive Notes.

(i)Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. If any Holder of a beneficial interest in
a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial
interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note, then, upon the occurrence of any of the events
in clauses (i) or (ii) of Section 2.06(a) hereof and receipt by the Registrar of the following documentation:

(A)if the Holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for
a Restricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications
in item (2)(a) thereof;

(B)if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate substantially in the
form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(C)if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule
903 or Rule 904, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof;

59

(D) if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item
(3)(a) thereof;

(E)if such beneficial interest is being transferred to the Co-Issuers, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries,
a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof;

(F)if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act,
a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof; or

(G)if such beneficial interest is being transferred to an IAI in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) through (D) above, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit
B hereto, including the certifications, certificate and, if applicable, Opinion of Counsel, in each case as required by item (3)(d)
thereof,

the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal
amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.06(h) hereof, and the Co-Issuers shall execute
and upon receipt of an Authentication Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and mail to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive
Note in the applicable principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note
pursuant to this Section 2.06(c) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations
as the Holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar through instructions from the Notes Depositary and the Participant
or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall mail such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any
Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(i) shall
bear the Private Placement Legend and shall be subject to all restrictions on transfer contained therein.

(ii)Beneficial Interests in Regulation S Temporary Global Note to Definitive Notes. Notwithstanding Section 2.06(c)(i)(A)
and Section 2.06(c)(i)(C) hereof, a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be exchanged for a Definitive
Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note prior to (A) the expiration of the Restricted
Period and (B) the receipt by the Registrar of any certificates required pursuant to Exhibit B hereto, except in the case of a
transfer pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 903 or Rule 904.

(iii)Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A Holder of a beneficial interest in a
Restricted Global Note may exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or may transfer such beneficial interest
to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note only upon the occurrence of any of the events in
subsection (i) or (ii) of Section 2.06(a) hereof and if the Registrar receives the following:

(A)if the Holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for
an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications
in item (1)(b) thereof; or

60

(B) if the Holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to
a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially
in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case, if the Registrar
or Co-Issuers so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar
and Co-Issuers to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer
contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

(iv)Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. If any Holder of a beneficial interest
in an Unrestricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest
to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note, then, upon the occurrence of any of the events in subsection
(i) or (ii) of Section 2.06(a) hereof and satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.06(b)(ii) hereof,
the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section
2.06(h) hereof, and the Co-Issuers shall execute and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and
mail to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the applicable principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in
exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(iv) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized
denomination or denominations as the Holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar through instructions from or through
the Notes Depositary and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall mail such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose
names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(iv)
shall not bear the Private Placement Legend.

(d)Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests.

(i)Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes. If any Holder of a Restricted Definitive
Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note or to transfer such Restricted Definitive Note
to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, then, upon receipt by the Registrar
of the following documentation:

(A)if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted
Global Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item
(2)(b) thereof;

(B)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate substantially
in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(C)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with
Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof;

61

(D) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications
in item (3)(a) thereof;

(E)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to the Co-Issuers, the Guarantors or any of the Subsidiaries, a
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof;

(F)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof; or

(G)if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to an IAI in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) through (D) above, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit
B hereto, including the certifications, certificate and, if applicable, Opinion of Counsel, in each case as required by item (3)(d)
thereof,

the Trustee shall cancel the Restricted Definitive
Note, increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of, in the case of clause (A) of this Section 2.06(d)(i),
the applicable Restricted Global Note, in the case of clause (B) of this Section 2.06(d)(i), the applicable 144A Global
Note, in the case of clause (C) of this Section 2.06(d)(i), the applicable Regulation S Global Note and in the case of clause
(G) of this Section 2.06(d)(i), the applicable IAI Global Note.

(ii)Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note
may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Restricted Definitive Note to a Person
who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note only if the Registrar receives the following:

(A)if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global
Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(c)
thereof; or

(B)if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the
form of a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit
B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in
this Section 2.06(d)(ii), if the Registrar or Co-Issuers so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of
Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar and Co-Issuers to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with
the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in
order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

62

Upon satisfaction of the applicable
conditions in this Section 2.06(d)(ii), the Trustee shall cancel the Definitive Notes and increase or cause to be increased the
aggregate principal amount of the Unrestricted Global Note.

(iii)Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of an Unrestricted Definitive
Note may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such Definitive Notes to a Person who
takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note at any time. Upon receipt of a request for
such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee shall cancel the applicable Unrestricted Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased
the aggregate principal amount of one of the Unrestricted Global Notes.

If any such exchange or transfer
from a Definitive Note to a beneficial interest is effected pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 2.06(d)
at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Co-Issuers shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication
Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Definitive Notes so transferred.

(e)Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and
such Holders compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.06(e), the Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange
of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the Registrar
the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed
by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional certifications,
documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to the following provisions of this Section 2.06(e):

(i)Restricted Definitive Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be transferred to and registered
in the name of Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note if the Registrar receives the following:

(A)if the transfer will be made to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, then the transferor must deliver a certificate substantially
in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(B)if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904 then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form
of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof;

(C)if the transfer will be made to an IAI, then the transferor must deliver a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit
B hereto, including the certifications, certificate and, if applicable, Opinion of Counsel, in each case as required by item (3)(d)
thereof; or

(D)if the transfer will be made pursuant to any other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, then
the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications required by item (3) thereof,
if applicable.

(ii)Restricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be exchanged by the Holder
thereof for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or

63

transferred to a Person or Persons who
take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note if the Registrar receives the following:

(A)if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a
certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(d) thereof;
or

(B)if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof
in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including
the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in
this Section 2.06(e)(ii), if the Registrar or Co-Issuers so requests, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the
Registrar and Co-Issuers to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions
on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities
Act.

(iii)Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A Holder of Unrestricted Definitive Notes may transfer such
Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note. Upon receipt of a request to register such
a transfer, the Registrar shall register the Unrestricted Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof.

(f) [Reserved].

(g)Legends. The following legends shall appear on the face of all Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued under this
Indenture unless specifically stated otherwise in the applicable provisions of this Indenture:

(i) Private Placement Legend.

(A)Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below, each Global Note and each Definitive Note (and all Notes issued in exchange
therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

[[in the case of 144A Global
Note or IAI Global Note:] THE NOTES EVIDENCED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT) OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) (1) TO SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC., HOLDCO 1, HOLDCO 2, BRAND ISSUER, LOYALTY ISSUER OR ONE OF THEIR RESPECTIVE
SUBSIDIARIES, (2) TO A PERSON WHO THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS
OF RULE 144A, (3) TO NON-U.S. PERSONS IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (4) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) OR
(13) UNDER THE

64

SECURITIES ACT THAT IS NOT A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND THAT IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR,
IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE SECURITIES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR OFFER
OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, (5) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OTHER
THAN RULE 144A OR REGULATION S, OR (6) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND (B) IN ACCORDANCE
WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IN ADDITION, THE NOTES MAY NOT TRANSFERRED
TO OR HELD BY A COMPETITOR (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE).]

[[in the case of Regulation S Global
Note:] THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE SECURITIES ACT) AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY US PERSON, UNLESS SUCH NOTES ARE REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS THEREOF IS AVAILABLE. THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT APPLY FOLLOWING
THE EXPIRATION OF FORTY DAYS FROM THE LATER OF (I) THE DATE ON WHICH THESE NOTES WERE FIRST OFFERED AND (II) THE DATE OF ISSUANCE OF THESE
NOTES.]

(B)Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Global Note or Definitive Note issued pursuant to subparagraphs (b)(iv), (c)(iii), (c)(iv),
(d)(ii), (d)(iii), (e)(ii), or (e)(iii) of this Section 2.06 (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall
not bear the Private Placement Legend.

(ii)Global Note Legend. Each Global Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE
NOTES DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS
HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY
BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(H) OF THE INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO
SECTION 2.06(A) OF THE INDENTURE, (III) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.11 OF
THE INDENTURE AND (IV) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR NOTES DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE CO-ISSUERS.
UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE
BY THE NOTES DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE NOTES DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE NOTES DEPOSITARY TO THE NOTES DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER
NOMINEE OF THE NOTES DEPOSITARY OR BY THE NOTES DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR NOTES DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR
NOTES DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE

65

DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET,
NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (DTC) TO THE CO-ISSUERS OR THEIR AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND
ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE
& CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

(iii)Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend. The Regulation S Temporary Global Note shall bear a legend in substantially the
following form:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE SECURITIES ACT) AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED IN THE UNITED
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY US PERSON, UNLESS SUCH NOTES ARE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS THEREOF IS AVAILABLE. THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT APPLY FOLLOWING THE EXPIRATION OF FORTY DAYS FROM THE
LATER OF (I) THE DATE ON WHICH THESE NOTES WERE FIRST OFFERED AND (II) THE DATE OF ISSUANCE OF THESE NOTES

(h)Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note
have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part,
each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.11 hereof. At any
time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take
delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented
by such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Notes Depositary
at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person
who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note shall be increased
accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Notes Depositary at the direction of the Trustee
to reflect such increase.

(i)General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

(i)To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Co-Issuers shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate Global Notes
and Definitive Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof or at the Registrars
request.

(ii)No service charge shall be made to a Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for any
registration of transfer or exchange, but the Co-Issuers may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar
governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange
or transfer pursuant to Section 2.07, Section 2.10, Section 3.06, Section 3.07, Section 3.08,Section 3.09, Section 4.22, Section 4.23 and Section 9.05 hereof).

66

(iii) Neither the Registrar nor the Co-Issuers shall be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Note selected for redemption
in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

(iv)All Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes
shall be the valid obligations of the Co-Issuers, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as
the Global Notes or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(v)The Co-Issuers shall not be required (A) to issue, to register the transfer of or to exchange any Notes during a period beginning
at the opening of business 15 days before the day of any selection of Notes for redemption under Section 3.02 hereof and ending
at the close of business on the day of selection, (B) to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note so selected for redemption or
tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with a Parent Change of Control Offer, ECF Repurchase Offer, a Mandatory Repurchase
Offer or other tender offer, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed or untendered portion of any Note being redeemed or repurchased
in part or (C) to register the transfer of or to exchange a Note between a record date and the next succeeding Payment Date.

(vi)Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Co-Issuers may deem and
treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of interest,
principal and premium, if any, on such Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Co-Issuers shall be
affected by notice to the contrary.

(vii)Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the Co-Issuers designated pursuant to Section
4.24 hereof, the Co-Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee
or transferees, one or more replacement Notes of any authorized denomination or denominations of a like aggregate principal amount.

(viii)At the option of the Holder, Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denomination or denominations of a like aggregate
principal amount upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Global Notes or Definitive Notes are
so surrendered for exchange, the Co-Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the replacement Global Notes
and Definitive Notes which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 hereof.

(ix)All certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to this Section
2.06 to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile.

(x)The Trustee shall have no responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of a Global Note, a member of, or a Participant
or Indirect Participant in, the Notes Depositary or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the Notes Depositary or
its nominee or of any Participant or Indirect Participant or member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or with
respect to the delivery to any Participant or Indirect Participant, member, beneficial owner, or other Person (other than

67

the Notes Depositary) of any notice (including
any notice of redemption or purchase) or the payment of any amount or delivery of any Notes (or other security or property) under or with
respect to such Notes. The Trustee may rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Notes Depositary
with respect to its members, Participants or Indirect Participants, and any beneficial owners.

(xi)The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer
imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers
between or among the Notes Depositarys participants, members, or beneficial owners in any Global Note) other than to require delivery
of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by,
the terms of this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.
None of the Trustee, the Collateral Custodian nor any of their agents shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken
by the Notes Depositary.

(xii)Each purchaser of the Notes offered hereby will be deemed to have represented and agreed to provide the Co-Issuers and its agents
with any correct, complete and accurate information and documentation that may be required for the Co-Issuers to comply with FATCA, the
AEOI Regulations and the CRS, and to prevent the imposition of U.S. federal withholding tax under FATCA on payments to or for the benefit
of the Co-Issuers, including but not limited to a properly completed and executed Entity Self-Certification Form or Individual
Self-Certification Form (in the forms published by the Cayman Islands Department for International Tax Cooperation, which forms
can be obtained at https://www.ditc.ky/category/legislation-resources) on or prior to the date on which it becomes a holder of Notes.
In the event such purchaser fails to provide such information or documentation, or to the extent that its ownership of Notes would otherwise
cause the Co-Issuers to be subject to any tax under FATCA, (A) the Co-Issuers (and any agent acting on their behalf) are authorized to
withhold amounts otherwise distributable to the purchaser as compensation for any tax imposed under FATCA or any fine or penalty imposed
under the CRS as a result of such failure or the purchasers ownership, and (B) to the extent necessary to avoid an adverse effect
on the Co-Issuers as a result of such failure or the purchasers ownership, the Co-Issuers will have the right to compel the purchaser
to sell its Notes and, if it does not sell its Notes within 10 Business Days after notice from the Co-Issuers or its agents, the Co-Issuers
will have the right to sell such Notes at a public or private sale called and conducted in any manner permitted by law, and to remit the
net proceeds of such sale (taking into account any taxes incurred by the Co-Issuers in connection with such sale) to the purchaser as
payment in full for such Notes. The Co-Issuers may also assign each such Note a separate securities identifier in the Co-Issuers
sole discretion. It agrees that the Co-Issuers and its agents or representatives may (1) provide any information and documentation concerning
its investment in its Notes to the Cayman Islands Tax Information Authority, the IRS and any other relevant tax authority and (2) take
such other steps as they deem necessary or helpful to ensure that the Co-Issuers comply with FATCA, the AEOI Regulations and the CRS.

(xiii)Each Co-Issuer is subject to anti-money laundering legislation in the Cayman Islands. Accordingly, if Notes are issued in the form
of certificated Notes, each Co-Issuer may, except in relation to certain categories of institutional investors, require a detailed verification
of the identity of the purchaser of such certificated Notes and the source of the payment used by such purchaser for purchasing such certificated
Notes. The

68

laws of other major financial centers
may impose similar obligations upon the Co-Issuers. Each Holder of a beneficial interest will, by its acquisition
of such an interest, be deemed to have represented and agreed to provide the Co-Issuers or their agents with such information and documentation
that may be required for the Co-Issuers to achieve compliance with Cayman AML Regulations and shall update or replace such information
or documentation, as necessary.

Section
2.07Replacement
Notes.

If any mutilated Note is surrendered
to the Trustee, the Co-Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor, a new Note of like
tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

If there shall be delivered
to the Co-Issuers and the Trustee (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note and (ii) such security
or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them and any agent of either of them harmless, then, in the absence of notice
to the Co-Issuers or the Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Co-Issuers shall execute, and upon the
Co-Issuers request the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen
Note, a new Note of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

In case any such mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Note has become or is about to become due and payable, the Co-Issuers, in their discretion, may, instead of
issuing a new Note, pay such Note.

Upon the issuance of any new
Note under this Section, the Co-Issuers may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that
may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith.

Every replacement Note is a
contractual obligation of the Co-Issuers and shall be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with
all other Notes duly issued hereunder.

The provisions of this Section
are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Notes.

Section
2.08Outstanding
Notes.

The Notes outstanding at any
time are all the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation, those reductions
in the interest in a Global Note effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof, and those described in this Section
2.08 as not outstanding. Except as set forth in this Section 2.08 or Section 2.09 hereof, a Note does not cease to be
outstanding because the Co-Issuers or an Affiliate of the Co-Issuers holds the Note.

If a Note is replaced pursuant
to Section 2.07 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Note
is held by a bona fide purchaser.

If the principal amount of any
Note is considered paid under Section 4.01 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding and interest on it ceases to accrue.

If the Paying Agent (other than
the Co-Issuers, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of any thereof) holds, on a redemption date, repurchase date or maturity date, money sufficient
to pay Notes payable on

69

that date, then on and after that date such Notes
shall be deemed to be no longer outstanding and shall cease to accrue interest.

For the avoidance of doubt,
unless represented by PIK Notes, the aggregate principal amount outstanding under any Note (as reflected in the books and records of the
Depositary and the Trustee) shall include any increase in the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Notes as a result of
a PIK Payment.

Subject to Section 2.09,
in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of outstanding Notes have given any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, the principal amount of Notes that shall be deemed to be outstanding for such purposes
shall be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon a declaration of
acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.02.

Section
2.09Treasury
Notes; Competitors.

(a)In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or
consent, Notes owned by the Co-Issuers, or by any Affiliate of the Co-Issuers, shall be considered as though not outstanding, except that
for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes
that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned which have been pledged
in good faith shall not be disregarded if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right to deliver
any such direction, waiver or consent with respect to the Notes and that the pledgee is not the Co-Issuers or any obligor upon the Notes
or any Affiliate of the Co-Issuers or of such other obligor.

(b)In determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of the outstanding Notes have given or taken any request,
demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action pursuant to, or in connection with, this Indenture, the Notes,
Guarantees, or Notes Documents, Notes owned by a Competitor will be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding (it being understood
that in determining whether the Trustee is protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other action, only Notes in respect of which the Trustee has received prior written notice from the Co-Issuers that such Notes
are owned by a Holder that is a Competitor will be so disregarded).

Section
2.10Temporary
Notes.

Until certificates representing
Notes are ready for delivery, the Co-Issuers may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate
temporary Notes. Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of certificated Notes but may have variations that the Co-Issuers
consider appropriate for temporary Notes and as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Without unreasonable delay, the Co-Issuers
shall prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes.

Holders and beneficial Holders,
as the case may be, of temporary Notes shall be entitled to all of the benefits accorded to Holders, or beneficial Holders, respectively,
of Notes under this Indenture.

Section
2.11Cancellation.

The Co-Issuers at any time may
deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Notes surrendered to them
for registration of transfer,

70

exchange or payment. The Trustee or, at the direction
of the Trustee, the Registrar or the Paying Agent and no one else shall cancel all Notes surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange,
payment, replacement or cancellation and shall dispose of cancelled Notes (subject to the record retention requirement of the Exchange
Act) in accordance with its customary procedures. Certification of the disposal of all cancelled Notes shall be delivered to the Co-Issuers
upon its written request. The Co-Issuers may not issue new Notes to replace Notes that it has paid or that have been delivered to the
Trustee for cancellation.

Section
2.12Defaulted
Interest.

If the Co-Issuers or the Guarantors
default in a payment of interest or principal on the Notes or in the payment of any other amount become due under this Indenture, whether
at the Stated Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, the Co-Issuers shall on written demand of the Trustee pay interest, to the extent
permitted by law, on all overdue amounts up to (but not including) the date of actual payment (after as well as before judgment) at a
rate equal to the rate then applicable thereto plus 2.00% per annum, pursuant to clause (a) or (b) below, as the
Co-Issuers shall elect:

(a)The Co-Issuers may elect to make such payment to the persons who are Holders of the Notes on a subsequent special record
date. The Co-Issuers shall fix the payment date for such defaulted interest and the special record date therefor, which shall not be more
than 15 days nor less than 10 days prior to such payment date. At least 10 days before the special record date, the Co-Issuers shall mail
to the Trustee and to each Holder of the Notes a notice that states the special record date, the payment date and the amount of interest
to be paid.

(b)The Co-Issuers may elect to make such payment in any other lawful manner.

Payment of defaulted interest and any interest
thereon to the Trustee shall be deemed to satisfy the Co-Issuers obligation to pay such defaulted interest and any interest thereon
for all purposes of this Indenture.

Section
2.13CUSIP
and ISIN Numbers.

(a)The Co-Issuers in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP and/or ISIN numbers (if then generally in
use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP and/or ISIN numbers in notices as a convenience to Holders;
provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed
on the Notes or as contained in any notice and that reliance may be placed only on the other elements of identification printed on the
Notes, and any such notice shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers.

(b)The Co-Issuers will as promptly as practicable notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP and
ISIN numbers.

Section
2.14Prohibition
on Transfers to Competitors.

The transfer of any Notes to
any Competitor is prohibited, and by acceptance of any transferred Note the transferee shall be deemed to represent that it is not a Competitor.

Section
2.15Co-Issuers.

(a)Joint and Several Liability. All Obligations of the Co-Issuers under this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents
shall be joint and several Obligations of the Co-Issuers, each as principal. Anything contained in this Indenture and the other Transaction
Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Obligations of each Co-Issuer hereunder, solely to the extent that such Co-Issuer did

71

not receive proceeds of Notes hereunder, shall
be limited to a maximum aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its Obligations hereunder subject to avoidance
as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under 548 of the Bankruptcy Code, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance
Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to the Obligations of such
Co-Issuer (collectively, the Fraudulent Transfer Laws), in each case after giving effect to all other liabilities
of such Co-Issuer, contingent or otherwise, that are relevant under the Fraudulent Transfer Laws (specifically excluding, however, any
liabilities of such Co-Issuer in respect of intercompany Indebtedness to any other Obligor or Affiliates of any other Obligor to the extent
that such Indebtedness would be discharged in an amount equal to the amount paid by Obligor hereunder) and after giving effect as assets
to the value (as determined under the applicable provisions of the Fraudulent Transfer Laws) of any rights to subrogation or contribution
of such Co-Issuer pursuant to (i) applicable law or (ii) any agreement providing for an equitable allocation among such Co-Issuer
and other Affiliates of any Obligor of Obligations arising under guarantees by such parties.

(b)Subrogation. Until the Obligations shall have been paid in full in cash, each Co-Issuer shall withhold exercise of
any right of subrogation, contribution or any other right to enforce any remedy which it now has or may hereafter have against the other
Co-Issuer or any other Obligor of the Obligations. Each Co-Issuer further agrees that, to the extent the waiver of its rights of subrogation,
contribution and remedies as set forth herein is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void or voidable for any reason, any
such rights such Co-Issuer may have against the other Co-Issuer, any collateral or security or any such other Obligor, shall be junior
and subordinate to any rights the Notes Secured Parties may have against the other Co-Issuer, any such collateral or security, and any
such other Obligor.

(c)Obligations Absolute. Each Co-Issuer hereby waives, for the benefit of the Notes Secured Parties: (1) any right to
require any Notes Secured Parties, as a condition of payment or performance by such Co-Issuer, to (i) proceed against any other Co-Issuer
or any other Person, (ii) proceed against or exhaust any security held from any other Co-Issuer, any Guarantor or any other Person, (iii)
proceed against or have resort to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of any Notes Secured Party in favor of any
other Co-Issuer or any other Person, or (iv) pursue any other remedy in the power of any Notes Secured Party whatsoever; (2) any defense
arising by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority or any disability or other defense of any other Co-Issuer including any defense
based on or arising out of the lack of validity or the unenforceability of the Obligations or any agreement or instrument relating thereto
or by reason of the cessation of the liability of the other Co-Issuer from any cause other than payment in full of the Obligations; (3)
any defense based upon any statute or rule of law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor
in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; (4) any defense based upon any Notes Secured Partys errors or omissions
in the administration of the Obligations, except behavior which amounts to bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct; (5) (i)
any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms hereof and any legal or
equitable discharge of such Co-Issuers obligations hereunder, (ii) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Co-Issuers
liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof, (iii) any rights to set-offs, recoupments, recharacterization and counterclaims, and (iv)
promptness, diligence and any requirement that any Notes Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien
or any property subject thereto; (6) notices, demands, presentments, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and notices of
any action or inaction, including acceptance hereof, notices of default hereunder or any agreement or instrument related thereto, notices
of any renewal, extension or modification of the Obligations or any agreement related thereto, notices of any extension of credit to such
Co-Issuer and any right to consent to any thereof; (7) any defense based upon any rescission, waiver, compromise, acceleration, amendment
or modification of any of the terms or provisions of any of the Transaction Documents and (8) any defenses or benefits that may be derived
from or afforded by law which limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or which may conflict with the terms hereof.

72

The obligations of the Co-Issuers
hereunder shall not, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be affected by (i) the failure of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or
a Holder to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any other Obligor under the provisions of this Indenture
or any other Transaction Document or otherwise; (ii) any extension or renewal of any provision hereof or thereof; (iii) any rescission,
waiver, compromise, acceleration, amendment or modification of any of the terms or provisions of any of the Transaction Documents; (iv)
the release, exchange, waiver or foreclosure of any security held by the Collateral Agent or the Trustee for the Obligations or any of
them; (v) the failure of the Trustee or a Holder to exercise any right or remedy against any other Obligor; or (vi) the release or substitution
of any Collateral or any other Obligor.

To the extent permitted by applicable
law, each Co-Issuer hereby waives any defense that it might have based on a failure to remain informed of the financial condition of the
other Co-Issuer and of any other Obligor and any circumstances affecting the ability of the Co-Issuers to perform under this Indenture.

Each Co-Issuer further agrees
that its obligations hereunder shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part
thereof, of any Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by the Trustee, any Holder or any other Notes Secured Party upon
the bankruptcy or reorganization of the other Co-Issuer or any Guarantor, or otherwise.

Section
2.16Payment
of Interest.

(a)(x) Prior to the consummation of a Public Company Transaction, the Notes shall bear (A) cash interest at a rate of 8.00%
per annum and (B) interest payable in-kind at a rate of 4.00% per annum by increasing the principal amount of the outstanding
Notes or issuing additional Notes having the same terms and conditions as the other Notes (such notes, PIK Notes,
such interest payable in-kind, PIK Interest and such payment, PIK Payment) (rounded up to the
nearest $1.00); provided that, at the Co-Issuers option, the Co-Issuers may elect, upon notice of such election to the Trustee
and the Holders no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Payment Date immediately preceding the applicable Interest Period, to pay interest
at a rate of 11.00% per annum payable in cash and (y) after the consummation of a Public Company Transaction, the Notes shall bear
interest at a rate of (A) 11.00% per annum payable in cash plus (B) if any Notes are outstanding on the date that is six months
after the consummation of a Public Company Transaction, 2.00% per annum payable in cash.

(b)PIK Interest will be payable on the applicable Payment Date (x) with respect to Notes represented by one or more Global
Notes registered in the name of, or held by, the Notes Depositary or its nominee on the relevant record date, by increasing the principal
amount of the outstanding Global Notes on such Payment Date by an amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable Interest
Period (rounded up to the nearest $1.00) and upon receipt of an Authentication Order at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable
Payment Date, the Trustee will cause such Global Notes to be increased and (y) with respect to Definitive Notes, by issuing PIK Notes
in certificated form on such Payment Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable Interest
Period (rounded up to the nearest $1.00), and the Trustee will, upon receipt of an Authentication Order at least five (5) Business Days
prior to the applicable Payment Date, authenticate such PIK Notes in certificated form for delivery to the Holders as of the relevant
record date, as evidenced by the Note Register and set forth in the Authentication Order. Following an increase in the principal amount
of the outstanding Global Notes as a result of a PIK Payment, the Global Notes will bear interest on such increased principal amount from
and after the date of such PIK Payment. Any PIK Notes issued in certificated form will be dated as of the applicable Payment Date and
will bear interest from and after such date. All Notes issued pursuant to a PIK Payment will mature on the Stated Maturity and will be
governed by, and subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture and shall have the same rights and benefits as the
Notes

73

issued on the Closing Date. Any PIK Notes issued
in certificated form will be issued with the description PIK on the face of such PIK Note, and references to the principal
or principal amount of the PIK Notes shall include any increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Notes as a result
of any PIK Payment.

(c)The calculation of PIK Interest will be made by the Co-Issuers or on behalf of the Co-Issuers by such Person as the Co-Issuers
shall designate. The Co-Issuers shall notify the Trustee and the Holders in writing not later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the
applicable Payment Date of the amount of PIK Interest payable on such Payment Date and the amount of cash interest payable on such Payment
Date and shall also specify such PIK Interest and cash interest in the applicable Payment Date Statement. Notwithstanding anything in
this Indenture to the contrary, the payment of accrued interest (including interest that would be PIK Interest when paid) in connection
with any prepayment or redemption of Notes as described in Paragraph 5 of the Notes (Redemption, Prepayment and Repurchase), Section 3.07,
Section 3.08 and Section 3.09 shall be made solely in cash. PIK Interest on the Notes will be paid in denominations of $1.00 and integral
multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof. The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the Co-Issuers calculations under the
Notes and this Indenture.

Article
3 

REDEMPTION

Section
3.01Notices
to Trustee.

If the Co-Issuers elect to redeem
Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, they shall furnish to the Trustee, not less than 10 days before notice of redemption is
required to be sent or caused to be sent to Holders pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof but not more than 60 days before a redemption
date (except that redemption notices may be delivered more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection
with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture), an Officers Certificate setting forth (i) the
paragraph or subparagraph of such Note and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur, (ii) the redemption
date, (iii) the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and (iv) the redemption price.

Section
3.02Selection
of Notes to Be Redeemed.

If less than all of the Notes
are to be redeemed at any time, such Notes shall be selected for redemption by the Trustee (1) if the Notes are listed on an exchange
and such listing is known to the Trustee, in compliance with the requirements of such exchange or in the case of Global Notes, in accordance
with customary procedures of the Notes Depositary or (2) on a pro rata basis to the extent practicable, or, if the pro rata
basis is not practicable for any reason, by lot or by such other method as most nearly approximates a pro rata basis subject to
customary procedures of the Notes Depositary. Such Notes to be redeemed shall be selected, unless otherwise provided herein, not less
than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption.

The Trustee shall promptly notify
the Co-Issuers in writing of the Notes selected for redemption and, in the case of any Note selected for partial redemption, the principal
amount thereof to be redeemed. Notes and portions of Notes selected shall be in minimum amounts of $1.00 or integral multiples of $1.00
in excess thereof; no Notes of $1.00 or less can be redeemed in part, except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed or
purchased, the entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder, even if not a multiple of $1.00, shall be redeemed or purchased.
Except as provided in the preceding sentence, provisions of this Indenture that apply to Notes called for redemption also apply to portions
of Notes called for redemption.

74

The Trustee shall not be responsible
for any actions taken or not taken by DTC pursuant to its Applicable Procedures.

Section
3.03Notice
of Redemption.

If the Co-Issuers elect to redeem
Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, the Co-Issuers shall deliver notices of redemption electronically or by first-class mail,
postage prepaid, at least 10 but not more than 60 days before the purchase or redemption date to each Holder of Notes (with a copy to
the Trustee) at such Holders registered address or otherwise in accordance with the procedures of DTC, except that redemption notices
may be delivered electronically or mailed more than 60 days prior to a redemption date if the notice is issued in connection with Article
8 or Article 11 hereof. Notices of redemption may be conditional.

The notice shall identify
the Notes to be redeemed and shall state:

(a)the redemption date;

(b)the redemption price;

(c)if any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed and
that, after the redemption date upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of
the original Note representing the same indebtedness to the extent not redeemed shall be issued in the name of the Holder of the Notes
upon cancellation of the original Note;

(d)the name and address of the Paying Agent;

(e)that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price;

(f) that, unless the Co-Issuers default in making such redemption payment, interest on Notes called for redemption ceases to
accrue on and after the redemption date;

(g)the paragraph or subparagraph of the Notes and/or Section of this Indenture pursuant to which the Notes called for redemption
are being redeemed;

(h)that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, if any, listed in such notice or printed
on the Notes; and

(i) any condition to such redemption.

At the Co-Issuers request,
the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Co-Issuers names and at their expense; provided that the Co-Issuers
shall have delivered written notice to the Trustee, at least 5 Business Days prior to the date on which notice of redemption is to be
sent (unless a shorter notice shall be agreed to by the Trustee) in the form of an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee
give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice as provided in the preceding paragraph.

Any notice of any redemption
may be given prior to the redemption thereof, and any such redemption or notice may, at the Co-Issuers discretion, be subject to
one or more conditions precedent, including the consummation of an incurrence or issuance of debt or equity or a Parent Change of Control

75

or other corporate transaction. If such redemption
is so subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable,
shall state that, in the Co-Issuers discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time (including more than 60 days
after the date the notice of redemption was mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall
be satisfied, or such redemption or purchase may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions
shall not have been satisfied by the redemption date, or by the redemption date as so delayed. In addition, the Co-Issuers may provide
in such notice that payment of the redemption price and performance of the Co-Issuers obligations with respect to such redemption
may be performed by another Person.

Section
3.04Effect
of Notice of Redemption.

Once notice of redemption is
sent in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, Notes called for redemption become irrevocably due and payable on the redemption date
at the redemption price, unless such redemption is conditioned on the happening of a future event. The notice, if sent in a manner herein
provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give
such notice or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption in whole or in part shall not affect the validity
of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. Subject to Section 3.05 hereof, on and after the redemption date, interest
ceases to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption.

Section
3.05Deposit
of Redemption or Purchase Price.

Prior to 4:00 p.m. (Eastern
time) on the Business Day prior to the redemption or purchase date, the Co-Issuers shall deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent
money sufficient to pay the redemption or purchase price of and accrued and unpaid interest on all Notes to be redeemed or purchased on
that date. The Trustee or the Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Co-Issuers any money deposited with the Trustee or the Paying
Agent by the Co-Issuers in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the redemption price of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all Notes
to be redeemed or purchased.

If the Co-Issuers comply with
the provisions of the preceding paragraph, on and after the redemption or purchase date, interest shall cease to accrue on the Notes or
the portions of Notes called for redemption or purchase. If a Note is redeemed or purchased on or after a record date but on or prior
to the related Payment Date, then any accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption or purchase date shall be paid to the Person in whose
name such Note was registered at the close of business on such record date. If any Note called for redemption or purchase shall not be
so paid upon surrender for redemption or purchase because of the failure of the Co-Issuers to comply with the preceding paragraph, interest
shall be paid on the unpaid principal, from the redemption or purchase date until such principal is paid, and to the extent lawful on
any interest accrued to the redemption or purchase date not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes
and in Section 4.01 hereof.

Section
3.06Notes
Redeemed or Purchased in Part.

Upon surrender of a Definitive
Note that is redeemed or purchased in part, the Co-Issuers shall issue and the Trustee shall authenticate for the Holder at the expense
of the Co-Issuers a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed or unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered representing
the same indebtedness to the extent not redeemed or purchased; provided, that each new Note shall be in a principal amount of
$1.00 or an integral multiple of $1.00 in excess thereof. It is understood that, notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary,
only an Authentication Order and not an Opinion of Counsel or Officers Certificate is required for the Trustee to authenticate
such new Note. 

76

Section
3.07Optional
Redemption.

(a)At any time prior to March 12, 2028, the Co-Issuers may on one or more occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon
notice as described under Section 3.03 hereof, at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount of the Notes (including
any PIK Notes) to be redeemed plus the Redemption Premium as of the date of redemption (the Redemption Date), plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but not including, the applicable Redemption Date; provided that (i) on or prior
to June 10, 2025, the Co-Issuers may redeem all (but not less than all) of the principal amount of then-outstanding Notes at a redemption
price equal to 108.0% thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed up to, but excluding, the applicable
Redemption Date and (ii) upon or after the consummation of a Public Company Transaction, the Co-Issuers may redeem all then-outstanding
Notes at a redemption price equal to the lesser of (A) 104.0% thereof and (B) the then-applicable Redemption Premium, in each case, plus
accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes up to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date; provided that, in the case of this
clause (ii), such notice of redemption shall be issued by the Co-Issuers within thirty (30) days of the consummation of such Public Company
Transaction and the Redemption Date shall occur within sixty (60) days after the date on which such notice of redemption is issued.

(b)On and after March 12, 2028, the Co-Issuers may on one or more occasions redeem all or a part of the Notes (including any
PIK Notes) upon notice as described under Section 3.03 hereof, at a redemption price equal to 100% thereof, plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, thereon to, but not including the Redemption Date.

Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that if the Notes are accelerated or otherwise become due prior to their stated maturity,
in each case, in respect of any Event of Default (including any Bankruptcy Default) (each an Acceleration Event),
an amount in cash equal to the Redemption Premium with respect to an optional redemption of the Notes shall also be due and payable as
though the Notes had been optionally redeemed in full immediately prior to the time of such Acceleration Event and shall constitute part
of the Obligations payable to Holders of the Notes in view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining actual damages
and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable calculation of each Holders loss as a result thereof. If the Redemption
Premium becomes due and payable, it shall be deemed to be principal of the Notes, and interest shall accrue on the full principal amount
of the Notes (including the Redemption Premium) from and after the applicable Acceleration Event. Any Redemption Premium payable above
shall be presumed to be the liquidated damages sustained by each Holder of the Notes as the result of the acceleration of the Notes and
each Co-Issuer and each Guarantor agrees that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. The Redemption Premium shall
also be payable in the event the Notes (and/or this Indenture) are satisfied, released or discharged by foreclosure (whether by power
of judicial proceeding or otherwise), deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other similar means. Each
Co-Issuer AND EACH GUARANTOR EXPRESSLY WAIVES (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE
OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING Redemption PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH ACCELERATION event.
Each Co-Issuer and each Guarantor expressly agrees (to the fullest extent it may lawfully do so) that: (A) the Redemption Premium is reasonable
and is the product of an arms length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel; (B) the Redemption
Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time acceleration occurs; (C) there has been a course
of conduct between the Holders of the Notes and the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors giving specific consideration in this transaction for
such agreement to pay the Redemption Premium; and (D) each Co-Issuer and each Guarantor shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently
than as agreed to in this paragraph. Each Co-Issuer and each Guarantor expressly

77

acknowledges that its agreement to pay the Redemption
Premium to the Holders of the Notes as herein described is a material inducement to the Holders to purchase the Notes.

(c)[Reserved].

(d)If the optional Redemption Date is on or after a record date and on or before the corresponding Payment Date, the accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Redemption Date will be paid on the Redemption Date to the Holder in whose name
the Note is registered at the close of business on such record date in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, and no additional
interest will be payable to Holders whose Notes will be subject to redemption by the Co-Issuers.

(e)Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01 through
Section 3.06 hereof.

Section
3.08Mandatory
Prepayments.

(a)Upon the receipt of Net Proceeds by the Holdco Guarantor, Spirit or any of their Subsidiaries from (i) the issuance or incurrence
of any Indebtedness of the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor (other than with respect to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant
to Section 4.09), (ii) [reserved] or (iii) a Permitted Pre-paid Miles Purchase for which Net Proceeds, together with the aggregate
amount of Net Proceeds previously received from Permitted Pre-paid Miles Purchases during the same fiscal year, are in excess of $25.0
million (such excess, Excess PPM Net Proceeds) (each of the events set forth in the foregoing clauses (i)
and (iii), a Mandatory Prepayment Event), the Co-Issuers will cause such Net Proceeds or Excess PPM Net Proceeds,
as applicable (the Applied Mandatory Prepayment Amount), plus accrued and unpaid interest on the aggregate principal
amount of Notes to be prepaid to, but excluding, the Prepayment Date (as defined below) (the Remitted Amount), to
be remitted to the Trustee to be paid by the Trustee to Holders as of the Prepayment Record Date (as defined below) by a date that is
(a) with respect to the Mandatory Prepayment Event set forth in clause (i), five (5) Business Days after the receipt of such Net
Proceeds, (b) [reserved], and (c) with respect to the Mandatory Prepayment Event set forth in clause (iii), ten (10) Business Days after
the receipt of such Net Proceeds (such remittance date, as the case may be, a Prepayment Date).

(b)On such Prepayment Date, the Trustee will apply the Remitted Amount to prepay the maximum principal amount of Notes that
may be prepaid with the portion of such Remitted Amount representing the Applied Mandatory Prepayment Amount at a prepayment price equal
to the redemption price that would be due if the Notes were being redeemed pursuant to Section 3.07 (including, in the case of
any Mandatory Prepayment Event set forth in clause (i) of Section 3.08(a), the Redemption Premium that would be due if the Notes (including
any PIK Notes) were being redeemed pursuant to Section 3.07 on the applicable Prepayment Date, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the
principal amount being prepaid up to, but excluding, the Prepayment Date. The Prepayment Record Date for any Prepayment
Date will be the Business Day prior to the Prepayment Date.

(c)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3.08(a) or (b), if following a Mandatory Prepayment Event
but prior to the related Prepayment Date, the Co-Issuers pay the related Applied Mandatory Prepayment Amount (inclusive of any applicable
premium (including the Redemption Premium)) to the Holders on an intervening Payment Date pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.01,
no mandatory prepayment pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.08(a) and (b) will be required.

(d)In connection with any mandatory prepayment of the Notes pursuant to this Section 3.08, the Co-Issuers, or the Trustee
of behalf of the Co-Issuers pursuant to written instructions from the Co-Issuers to the Trustee, shall issue a written notice to the Holders
at least two (2) Business Days prior

78

to the Prepayment Date, which notice shall include
a description of the Mandatory Prepayment Event, the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be prepaid, the prepayment price and the Prepayment
Date.

(e)Any prepayment made pursuant to this Section 3.08 shall be made pursuant to the procedures set forth in this Indenture,
except to the extent inconsistent with Section 3.08(c). The Co-Issuers shall not be required to make any mandatory prepayment or
sinking fund payment with respect to the Notes, except pursuant this Section 3.08 and Section 3.09(b).

Section
3.09Mandatory
Repurchase Offers.

(a)In the event that the Holdco Guarantor, Spirit or any of their Subsidiaries receives Net Proceeds in respect of:

(i)a Recovery Event (Recovery Event Proceeds) that causes the aggregate amount of all Recovery Event Proceeds
received since the Closing Date to exceed $10.0 million (such excess amounts, Excess Recovery Event Proceeds);

(ii)any Contingent Payment Event (Contingent Payment Event Proceeds) that causes the aggregate amount of all Contingent
Payment Event Proceeds received since the Closing Date to exceed $10.0 million (such excess amounts, Excess Contingent
Payment Event Proceeds);

(iii)any Collateral Sale of Notes Priority Collateral that causes the aggregate amount of Notes Priority Collateral Sale Proceeds received
in any fiscal year to exceed the sum of (x) $25.0 million; provided that, at Spirits election, (A) the unused portion of such amount
for any future fiscal year may be reallocated for use in the then-current fiscal year and (B) the unused portion of such amount for any
fiscal year may be carried-over for use in subsequent fiscal years, (y) the Shared Retained Amount and (z) the Shared Liquidity Amount
(such excess amounts, Excess Notes Priority Collateral Sale Proceeds); or

(iv)any Collateral Sale of Revolving Priority Collateral for which Spirit is not required, pursuant to the terms of any Credit Facility
incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(b)(vi), to apply the related Revolving Priority Collateral Sale Proceeds to repay outstanding
revolving loans and/or cash collateralize letters of credit in accordance with the terms governing the applicable Credit Facility or to
deposit in the Revolving Priority Collateral Proceeds Account that causes the aggregate amount of all Revolving Priority Collateral Sale
Proceeds received in any fiscal year to exceed the Shared Retained Amount (such excess amounts, Excess Revolving Priority Collateral
Sale Proceeds);

(each of the events set forth
in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), a Mandatory Repurchase Offer Event), the Co-Issuers
(or the Parent on behalf of the Co-Issuers) shall, except as provided in Section 3.09(b), make an offer (a Mandatory
Repurchase Offer) to all Holders to purchase the maximum principal amount of Notes on a pro rata basis that may be purchased
out of such Excess Recovery Event Proceeds, Excess Contingent Payment Event Proceeds, Excess Notes Priority Collateral Sale Proceeds or
Excess Revolving Priority Collateral Sale Proceeds, as applicable (the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds).

(b)Upon the occurrence of any Mandatory Repurchase Offer Event, the Co-Issuers must (I) promptly deposit the Applicable Mandatory
Repurchase Offer Proceeds into the Collateral Proceeds Account and (II) provide notice to the Trustee of such Mandatory Repurchase Offer
Event and, as long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such Mandatory Repurchase Offer Event,
the Co-Issuers shall have the option to (x) in the case of Excess Revolving Priority

79

Collateral Sale Proceeds, invest the Excess Revolving
Priority Collateral Sale Proceeds within 365 days of receipt thereof in Qualified Replacement Assets, (y) in the case of a Recovery Event,
repair, replace or restore the assets which are the subject of such Recovery Event and (z) in the case of Excess Notes Priority Collateral
Sale Proceeds, invest such Excess Notes Priority Collateral Sale Proceeds within 365 days of receipt thereof in additional assets that
are, or shall become concurrently with such investment, Notes Priority Collateral, and any such Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer
Proceeds so invested (or, in the case of clause (y), applied to so repair, replace or restore the assets with are subject of such Recovery
Event) shall not be required to be applied to make a Mandatory Repurchase Offer pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 3.09 and the
Co-Issuers may, upon two (2) Business Days prior written notice, direct the Trustee to release to the Co-Issuers from the Collateral
Proceeds Account the applicable portion of the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds on the date of, and in order to consummate,
the transaction described in clause (x), (y) or (z) above, as applicable, such written direction accompanied by an Officers Certificate,
certifying as to the applicable clause above pursuant to which such amount shall be used and that the release of such amount is in compliance
with this Indenture and the other Notes Documents (upon which direction and Officers Certificate the Trustee may conclusively rely
without independent inquiry or investigation); provided further, that any such Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds from
such Mandatory Repurchase Offer Event that are not invested (or, in the case of clause (y), applied to so repair, replace or restore the
assets with are subject of such Recovery Event) within such 365-day period will thereafter be required to be re-deposited into the Collateral
Proceeds Account and applied to make a Mandatory Repurchase Offer pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 3.09 (it being understood
that the last day of such 365-day period shall constitute the date on which Spirit or the applicable Subsidiary shall have received the
Net Proceeds of such Mandatory Repurchase Offer Event).

(c)The Mandatory Repurchase Offer shall remain open for a period of 20 Business Days following its commencement and no longer,
except to the extent that a longer period is required by applicable law (the Mandatory Repurchase Offer Period).
Promptly after the expiration of the Mandatory Repurchase Offer Period (the Mandatory Repurchase Date), the Co-Issuers
(or Spirit on behalf of the Co-Issuers) shall direct the Trustee to apply all of the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds to
effect the repurchase by the Co-Issuers of all of the Notes tendered in the Mandatory Repurchase Offer at a repurchase price equal to
100.0% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Mandatory
Repurchase Date (the Mandatory Offer Repurchase Price); provided that if the aggregate Mandatory Offer Repurchase
Price for all Notes tendered in such Mandatory Repurchase Offer exceeds the total amount of Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds,
then such tendered Notes shall be repurchased pro rata up to the maximum amount of Notes that can be repurchased with such Applicable
Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds.

(d)If the Mandatory Repurchase Date is on or after a record date and on or before the related Payment Date, any accrued and
unpaid interest up to but excluding the Mandatory Repurchase Date, shall be paid to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the
close of business on such record date, and no additional interest shall be payable to Holders who tender Notes pursuant to the Mandatory
Repurchase Offer.

(e)Subject to Section 3.09(b), notices of a Mandatory Repurchase Offer (Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notices)
shall be sent by first class mail or sent electronically, no later than (a) with respect to the Mandatory Repurchase Offer Event set forth
in clause (i) of Section 3.09(a), five (5) Business Days after the receipt of Net Proceeds therefrom and (b) with respect
to the Mandatory Repurchase Offer Event set forth in clause (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 3.09(a), ten (10)
Business Days after the receipt of Net Proceeds therefrom, in each case, to each Holder at such Holders registered address or otherwise
in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC. The Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notice shall contain all instructions and materials
necessary to enable such Holders to tender Notes pursuant to the Mandatory

80

Repurchase Offer. The Mandatory Repurchase Offer
shall be made to all Holders. The Mandatory Repurchase Offer Notice, which shall govern the terms of the Mandatory Repurchase Offer, shall
state:

(i) that the Mandatory Repurchase Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 3.09 and the length of time the Mandatory Repurchase
Offer shall remain open;

(ii)the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds, the repurchase price and the Mandatory Repurchase Date;

(iii)that any Note not tendered or accepted for payment shall continue to accrue interest;

(iv)that, unless the Co-Issuers default in making such payment, any Note accepted for payment pursuant to the Mandatory Repurchase
Offer shall cease to accrue interest after the Mandatory Repurchase Date;

(v)that Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to a Mandatory Repurchase Offer may elect to have Notes purchased in minimum
amounts of $1.00 or integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof only;

(vi)that Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to any Mandatory Repurchase Offer shall be required to surrender the Note,
with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase attached to the Note completed, or transfer by book-entry transfer,
to the Co-Issuers, the Notes Depositary, if appointed by the Co-Issuers, or a Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice at least
two (2) Business Days before the Mandatory Repurchase Date;

(vii)that Holders shall be entitled to withdraw their election if the Co-Issuers, the Notes Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the
case may be, receives, not later than the expiration of the Mandatory Repurchase Offer Period, a facsimile or other electronic transmission
or letter setting forth the name of the Holder, the principal amount of the Notes the Holder delivered for purchase and a statement that
such Holder is withdrawing his election to have such Notes purchased;

(viii)that, if the aggregate principal amount of Notes surrendered by the Holders thereof exceeds the amount that can be repurchased
with the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds, the Trustee shall select the Notes (while the Notes are in global form pursuant
to the procedures of the Notes Depositary) to be purchased on a pro rata basis based on the principal amount of the Notes tendered
(with such adjustments as may be deemed appropriate by the Co-Issuers so that only Notes in denominations of $1.00, or integral multiples
of $1.00 in excess thereof, shall remain outstanding after such purchase) to the extent practicable, or, if the pro rata basis
is not practicable for any reason, by lot or by such other method as most nearly approximates a pro rata basis subject to customary
procedures of the Notes Depositary; and

(ix)that Holders whose Notes were purchased only in part shall be issued new Notes (or allocated an applicable beneficial interest
in the applicable Global Note) equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered (or transferred by book-entry
transfer) representing the same indebtedness to the extent not repurchased.

(f)To the extent that the aggregate principal amount of Notes validly tendered or otherwise surrendered in connection with
a Mandatory Repurchase Offer is less than the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds, the Co-Issuers may, after purchasing all
such Notes validly

81

tendered and not withdrawn, instruct the Trustee
to release the remaining Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds to the Co-Issuers and may use the remaining Applicable Mandatory
Repurchase Offer Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of the Notes validly
tendered pursuant to any Mandatory Repurchase Offer exceeds the amount that can be repurchased with the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase
Offer Proceeds, the Co-Issuers will allocate the Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds to purchase Notes on a pro rata
basis on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of tendered Notes; provided that no Notes will be selected and purchased in
an unauthorized denomination. Upon completion of any repurchase of Notes in a Mandatory Repurchase Offer, the amount of Applicable Mandatory
Repurchase Offer Proceeds shall be reset at zero and the Co-Issuers may instruct the Trustee to release the remaining Applicable Mandatory
Repurchase Offer Proceeds to the Co-Issuers. Together with any instruction of the Co-Issuers to the Trustee pursuant to this Section 3.09(f),
the Co-Issuers shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate, certifying that the release of such amount is in compliance
with this Indenture and the other Notes Documents (upon which direction and Officers Certificate the Trustee may conclusively rely
without independent inquiry or investigation).

(g)On or before the Mandatory Repurchase Date, the Co-Issuers shall, to the extent lawful, (1) accept for payment, on a pro
rata basis to the extent necessary, the Notes or portions thereof validly tendered pursuant to the Mandatory Repurchase Offer, or
if the aggregate Mandatory Offer Repurchase Price for all Notes so tendered in such Mandatory Repurchase Offer does not exceed the total
amount of Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds, all Notes tendered and (2) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the
Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions thereof
so tendered.

(h)The Co-Issuers, the Notes Depositary, the Paying Agent or the Trustee, as the case may be, shall promptly mail or deliver
to each tendering Holder from amounts held in the Collateral Proceeds Account an amount equal to the repurchase price of the Notes properly
tendered by such Holder and accepted by the Co-Issuers for repurchase, and the Co-Issuers shall promptly issue a new Note, and the Trustee,
upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate and mail or deliver (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) such new Note
to such Holder (it being understood that, notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary, no Opinion of Counsel or Officers
Certificate is required for the Trustee to authenticate and mail or deliver such new Note) in a principal amount equal to any unpurchased
portion of the Note surrendered representing the same indebtedness to the extent not repurchased; provided, that each such new
Note shall be in a minimum denomination of $1.00 or an integral multiple of $1.00 in excess thereof. Any Note not so accepted shall be
promptly mailed or delivered by the Co-Issuers to the Holder thereof. The Co-Issuers shall publicly announce the results of the Mandatory
Repurchase Offer on or as soon as practicable after the Mandatory Repurchase Date.

(i)To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations, including Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, conflict
with the provisions of this Indenture, the Co-Issuers shall not be deemed to have breached their obligations described in this Indenture
by virtue of compliance therewith.

Article
4 

COVENANTS

Section
4.01Payment
of Notes.

On each Payment Date prior to
(i) the occurrence and continuance of a Bankruptcy Default or (ii) the occurrence and continuance of any other Event of Default with respect
to which the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Required Debtholders) or the Trustee (at the direction of the Permitted Noteholders)
has provided the Co-Issuers with at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice that this

82

Section 4.01 shall no longer apply, all
Available Funds in the Notes Payment Account on such Payment Date (based upon instructions in the Payment Date Statement furnished to
it on the related Determination Date by the Co-Issuers) shall be distributed by the Trustee in the following order of priority (the Payment
Waterfall):

(a)first, ratably to the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian, Fees, costs, expenses, reimbursements and indemnification
amounts due and payable to such Persons pursuant to the terms of this Indenture and the other Notes Documents in an amount not to exceed
$200,000 in the aggregate per annum;

(b)second, to the Trustee, on behalf of the Holders, an amount equal to the Interest Distribution Amount with respect
to such Payment Date minus the amount of interest paid by the Co-Issuers in connection with any redemptions, prepayments or repurchases
of any Notes pursuant to this Indenture after the immediately preceding Payment Date and prior to such Payment Date;

(c)third, on the Termination Date only, to the Trustee, on behalf of the Holders, in an amount equal to the outstanding
principal amount of the Notes;

(d)fourth, to the Notes Reserve Account, to the extent the amount on deposit in the Notes Reserve Account is less than
the Notes Reserve Account Required Balance for the following Payment Date;

(e)fifth, to the extent not already paid, to the Trustee on behalf of the Holders, the Remitted Amount for any mandatory
prepayments required pursuant to Section 3.08;

(f)sixth, any premium without any duplication for any premium paid pursuant to Section 4.01(e) due and unpaid
as of such Payment Date;

(g)seventh, to pay (x) ratably to the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian, and then (y) to any other Person (other
than Spirit and any of its Subsidiaries), any additional Obligations due and payable to such Person on such Payment Date to the extent
not paid pursuant to clause (a) through clause (f) of this Section 4.01;

(h)eighth, if a Cash Trap Period is in effect as of the last day of the related Quarterly Reporting Period and a Cash
Trap Cure has not occurred on or prior to such Payment Date, then to the ECF Account, an amount equal to the Required Excess Cash Flow
for such Payment Date;

(i)ninth, [reserved]; and

(j)tenth, (i) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all remaining amounts shall be remitted to, and
remain on deposit in, the applicable Collection Account (as specified in the Payment Date Statement) (and held under the sole control
of the Collateral Agent) or (ii) if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all remaining amounts shall be released to or
at the direction of the Co-Issuers, which may be distributed directly or indirectly to Spirit without any restriction.

For the avoidance of doubt,
to the extent Available Funds with respect to any Payment Date are insufficient to pay amounts due under this Indenture to the Agents,
Holders or any other Person on such Payment Date, the Co-Issuers, and to the extent provided in Article 10 hereof, the Guarantors,
are fully obligated to timely pay such amounts to the Agents, Holders or other Persons.

PIK Interest will be considered
paid on the date due if prior to such date the Trustee has received (i) an Authentication Order to increase the aggregate principal amount
of an outstanding Global Note as a

83

result of a PIK Payment in the amount set forth
in such Authentication Order or (ii) PIK Notes duly executed by the Co-Issuers together with an Authentication Order pursuant to Section
2.02 requesting the authentication of such PIK Notes by the Trustee as of such Payment Date.

Section
4.02Collections.

(a)Spirit shall instruct and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause sufficient counterparties to Free Spirit Agreements
to direct all payments of Free Spirit Program Revenues into the Loyalty Collection Account such that in any Quarterly Reporting Period,
at least 90% of the aggregate amount of Free Spirit Program Revenues are deposited directly into the Loyalty Collection Account. To the
extent any Co-Issuer or Guarantor or any of their respective controlled Affiliates receives any such payments to an account other than
the Loyalty Collection Account, such Person shall cause such amounts to be deposited into the Loyalty Collection Account within two (2)
Business Days after receipt and identification thereof.

(b)Spirit shall cause all reasonably identifiable revenues of the Saver$ Club, but in any event no less than 90% of all Saver$
Club Transaction Revenues, received by Spirit to be deposited into the Loyalty Collection Account within two business days after receipt
and identification thereof.

(c)Other than as required to provide for any successor account that becomes the Loyalty Collection Account, no Co-Issuer or
Guarantor shall revoke, or permit to be revoked, any Direction of Payment.

Section
4.03Collection
Account; Debt Service Coverage Ratio Cure.

(a)Spirit shall determine the Required Deposit Amount and notify the Trustee and the Collateral Agent in writing of such Required
Deposit Amount for each Quarterly Reporting Period no later than the fifth Business Day of such Quarterly Reporting Period; provided
that at any time that Spirit determines that the Required Deposit Amount for a Quarterly Reporting Period is greater (including as a result
of the occurrence of a Cash Trap Event) or less, than the Required Deposit Amount for such Quarterly Reporting Period as previously calculated,
then Spirit shall promptly (i) notify the Trustee and the Collateral Agent in writing and (ii) such revised Required Deposit Amount shall
thereafter be applicable for such Quarterly Reporting Period, unless subsequently revised; provided that the effect of such increase
shall be to stop further withdrawals from any Collection Account but shall not require the deposit of additional funds. The Co-Issuers
shall only be permitted to withdraw or release funds from the Collection Accounts in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Agency
and Accounts Agreement.

(b)Subject to the terms of the Collateral Documents, the Guarantors may or may cause any of their Affiliates (with written
notice to the Collateral Agent) to deposit amounts into a Collection Account from time to time prior to a Payment Date, but such amounts
(other than Cure Amounts or to the extent constituting Transaction Revenues) shall not constitute Collections for purposes
of the Debt Service Coverage Ratio.

(c)[Reserved].

(d)[Reserved].

(e)To the extent that Collections received in the Collection Accounts with respect to any Quarterly Reporting Period are insufficient
to satisfy the Debt Service Coverage Ratio Test for such Quarterly Reporting Period, the Co-Issuers may deposit, or cause to be deposited
into the Collection Accounts, funds in an amount necessary to satisfy the Debt Service Coverage Ratio Test for such Quarterly

84

Reporting Period (such deposited amounts, the
Cure Amounts); provided that such deposit and deemed cures shall not occur more than five (5) times in the
aggregate since the Closing Date and no more than two (2) times in any four (4) fiscal periods. To the extent that Cure Amounts are received
in a Collection Account on or prior to the Payment Date with respect to the Quarterly Reporting Period in which such funds are necessary
to satisfy the Debt Service Coverage Ratio Test, Cure Amounts will be treated as Collections for such Quarterly Reporting Period for purposes
of the Debt Service Coverage Ratio. Any Cure Amounts received in a Collection Account on or prior to the Determination Date for such Quarterly
Reporting Period shall be allocated to the Notes Payment Account on the Allocation Date with respect to such Quarterly Reporting Period
pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement. Any Cure Amounts received in a Collection Account following the
Determination Date with respect to such Quarterly Reporting Period shall not be allocated to the Notes Payment Account on the Allocation
Date with respect to such Quarterly Reporting Period and shall be allocated to the Quarterly Reporting Period in which such funds were
deposited.

Section
4.04Notes
Payment Account.

(a)The Co-Issuers shall establish and maintain or cause to be maintained at the Collateral Custodian, a segregated non-interest
bearing trust account in the name of one or both Co-Issuers (as specified in the applicable Account Control Agreement), for the purpose
of holding amounts transferred thereto from the Collection Accounts on each Allocation Date pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency
and Accounts Agreement (such account, the Notes Payment Account). The Notes Payment Account shall be subject at all
times to an Account Control Agreement. Amounts on deposit in the Notes Payment Account shall remain uninvested.

(b)On each Allocation Date, the Notes Payment Account shall be funded with amounts allocated from the Collection Accounts as
contemplated under Section 4.03 in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

(c)As security for the prompt payment or performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise,
of all Obligations, the Co-Issuers hereby grant to the Trustee for the benefit of the Notes Secured Parties a security interest in and
lien upon, all of the Co-Issuers right, title and interest in and to (i) the Notes Payment Account, (ii) all funds held in the
Notes Payment Account, and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time representing or evidencing any account or such
funds, (iii) all Investments from time to time of amounts in the Notes Payment Account and all certificates and instruments, if any, from
time to time representing or evidencing such Investments, (iv) all notes, certificates of deposit and other instruments from time to time
delivered to or otherwise possessed by the Trustee or any Notes Secured Party or any assignee or agent on behalf of the Trustee or any
Notes Secured Party in substitution for or in addition to any of the then existing Collateral in the Notes Payment Account, and (v) all
interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of
or in exchange for any and all of the then existing Collateral in the Notes Payment Account.

(d)Each Co-Issuer and Guarantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that at all times, the Trustee shall be the only Person that
has a right to withdraw from the Notes Payment Account and the funds on deposit in the Notes Payment Account shall at all times continue
to be Collateral security for all of the Obligations.

(e)If, at any time, the Notes Payment Account shall no longer be an Eligible Account, the Co-Issuers shall provide prompt written
notice to the Trustee and, within sixty (60) days, move the Notes Payment Account to a new depositary institution pursuant to Section
7.11.

85

Section
4.05Notes
Reserve Account.

(a)The Co-Issuers shall establish and maintain or cause to be maintained at the Collateral Custodian, a segregated non-interest
bearing trust account in the name of one or both Co-Issuers (as specified in the applicable Account Control Agreement) (such account,
the Notes Reserve Account), for the purpose of holding a minimum balance of not less than the Notes Reserve Account
Required Balance at all times, and the Co-Issuers will maintain a minimum balance of not less than the Notes Reserve Account Required
Balance in the Notes Reserve Account at all times, except for periods between any Determination Date and Payment Date to the extent resulting
from the application of funds in the Notes Reserve Account into the Notes Payment Account. The Notes Reserve Account shall be subject
at all times to an Account Control Agreement.

(b)So long as the Collateral Custodian has not been notified by the Trustee or any Co-Issuer that an Event of Default exists,
then the Collateral Custodian shall, at the written direction of either Co-Issuer from time to time cause the funds held in the Notes
Reserve Account, from time to time, to be invested in one or more Cash Equivalents selected by such Co-Issuer (which Cash Equivalents
shall at all times be subject to the Lien created hereunder); provided that in no event shall the Collateral Custodian: (i) have
any responsibility whatsoever as to the validity or quality of any Cash Equivalent, (ii) be liable for the selection of Cash Equivalents
or for investment losses incurred thereon or in respect of losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any Cash Equivalent before
its stated maturity pursuant to this Section 4.05 or the failure of a Co-Issuer to provide timely written investment direction
or (iii) have any obligation to invest or reinvest any such amounts in the absence of such investment direction. Notwithstanding anything
else in this Indenture to the contrary, in no event shall any Co-Issuer direct any investment in any such Cash Equivalent that will mature
later than the Business Day before the next occurring Payment Date. It is agreed and understood that the entity serving as the Trustee
or the Collateral Custodian may earn fees associated with the investments outlined above in accordance with the terms of such investments.
In no event shall the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian be deemed an investment manager or adviser in respect of any selection of investments
hereunder. It is understood and agreed that the Trustee, the Collateral Custodian or their respective affiliates are permitted to receive
additional compensation that could be deemed to be in the Trustees or the Collateral Custodians economic self-interest for
(1) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder servicing agent, custodian or sub custodian with respect to certain of the
investments, (2) using affiliates to effect transactions in certain investments and (3) effecting transactions in investments. All income
from such Cash Equivalents shall be retained in the Notes Reserve Account, subject to release as permitted by this Indenture. All investments
in such Cash Equivalents shall be at the risk of the Co-Issuers. All income from Investments in the Notes Reserve Account shall be taxable
to the Co-Issuers (or their regarded parent entity), and the Collateral Custodian shall prepare and timely distribute to the Co-Issuers,
as required, Form 1099 or other appropriate U.S. federal and state income tax forms with respect to such income.

(c)As security for the prompt payment or performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise,
of all Obligations, each Co-Issuer hereby grants to the Trustee for the benefit of the Notes Secured Parties a security interest in and
lien upon, all of the Co-Issuers right, title and interest in and to (i) the Notes Reserve Account, (ii) all funds held in the
Notes Reserve Account, and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time representing or evidencing any account or such
funds, (iii) all Investments from time to time of amounts in the Notes Reserve Account and all certificates and instruments, if any, from
time to time representing or evidencing such Investments, (iv) all notes, certificates of deposit and other instruments from time to time
delivered to or otherwise possessed by the Trustee or any Notes Secured Party or any assignee or agent on behalf of the Trustee or any
Notes Secured Party in substitution for or in addition to any of the then existing Collateral in the Notes Reserve Account, and (v) all
interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other property from time to time received,

86

receivable or otherwise distributed in respect
of or in exchange for any and all of the then existing Collateral in the Notes Reserve Account.

(d)The Co-Issuers hereby acknowledge and agree that the Trustee shall be the only Person that has a right to withdraw from
the Notes Reserve Account. The funds on deposit in the Notes Reserve Account shall at all times continue to be Collateral security for
the benefit of the Notes Secured Parties.

(e)If, at any time, the Notes Reserve Account shall no longer be an Eligible Account, the Co-Issuers shall provide prompt written
notice to the Trustee and, within sixty (60) days, move the Notes Reserve Account to a new depositary institution pursuant to Section
7.11.

(f)If, on any Determination Date, the amount on deposit in the Notes Reserve Account would exceed the then applicable Notes
Reserve Account Required Balance for the related Payment Date, the Co-Issuers shall be entitled to request the Trustee by notice in writing
(which may be the Payment Date Statement) to transfer such excess amounts in the Notes Reserve Account to a Collection Account. In such
circumstances, the Trustee shall promptly direct the Collateral Custodian to wire such excess amounts from the Notes Reserve Account to
the Collection Account specified by the Co-Issuers.

(g)If, on any Determination Date, the Available Funds for the related Payment Date will not be sufficient to pay the amounts
due in accordance with Section 4.01(a) through Section 4.01(c) on the related Payment Date, the Co-Issuers shall request
by notice in writing (which may be the Payment Date Statement) to the Trustee that the Trustee, on or prior to the related Payment Date,
transfer amounts in the Notes Reserve Account to the Notes Payment Account to the extent necessary so that the Available Funds on the
related Payment Date will be sufficient to pay such amounts. In such circumstances, the Trustee shall promptly direct the Collateral Custodian
to wire such amounts from the Notes Reserve Account to the Notes Payment Account.

Section
4.06Operation
of the Free Spirit Program.

(a)Each Co-Issuer and Guarantor (as applicable) agrees to honor Miles according to the policies and procedure of the Free Spirit
Program, subject to cure, except to the extent that would not be reasonably expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect, and shall take
any action permitted under the Free Spirit Agreements and applicable law that it, in its reasonable business judgment, determines is advisable,
in order to diligently and promptly (i) enforce its rights and any remedies available to it under the Free Spirit Agreements, (ii) perform
its obligations under the Free Spirit Agreements and (iii) cause the applicable counterparties to perform their obligations under the
related Free Spirit Agreements, including such counterparties obligations to make payments to and indemnify the applicable Co-Issuer
or Guarantor in accordance with the terms thereof, in each case except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(b)Neither any Co-Issuer nor Spirit shall substantially reduce the Free Spirit Program business or modify the terms of the
Free Spirit Program in any manner that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)Spirit shall not and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to change the policies and procedures of the Free Spirit Program
except to the extent that such change would not be reasonably expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

(d)Each of the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors shall not, and shall not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to, establish,
create or operate any Loyalty Program, other than a Permitted

87

Acquisition Loyalty Program, unless substantially
all such Loyalty Program cash proceeds (which excludes, for the avoidance of doubt, airline revenues such as ticket sales and non-loyalty
ancillary revenue), accounts in which such cash receipts are deposited, Intellectual Property and member data (but solely to the extent
that such Intellectual Property and member data would be included in the definition of Loyalty Program Intellectual Property, substituting
references to the Free Spirit Program and the Saver$ Club, as applicable, with references to such other Loyalty Program) are pledged as
Collateral on a first lien basis, subject to Third-Party Rights and other Permitted Liens; provided that, for the avoidance of
doubt, nothing will prohibit the Co-Issuers or the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries from offering and providing discounts
or other incentives (other than any Currency) for travel or carriage on Spirit.

With respect to any Permitted
Acquisition Loyalty Program, the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors will be permitted to undertake the following actions at any time after
such actions are permitted under the Material Free Spirit Agreements, such Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Programs co-branding,
partnering or similar agreements and debt obligations and applicable law: (i) terminate the Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program; (ii)
merge and consolidate the Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program into the Free Spirit Program; or (iii) cause the Permitted Acquisition
Loyalty Programs cash receipts (which excludes airline revenues such as ticket sales and non-loyalty ancillary revenue), accounts
in which such cash receipts are deposited, Intellectual Property and member data to be pledged as Collateral.

Until it is merged into or consolidated
with the Free Spirit Program, any Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program shall not constitute a Free Spirit Program and its co-branding,
partnering or similar agreements shall not constitute Free Spirit Agreements.

(e)On each Determination Date, the Loyalty Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee an updated Schedule
4.06(e), attached as Annex I to the corresponding Payment Date Statement, to the extent necessary to cause the Material Free Spirit
Agreements listed on such updated schedule, in the aggregate, to represent at least 85% of the Free Spirit Program Revenues in the prior
twelve (12) months.

(f)If, as of any Determination Date, the aggregate amount of Retained Agreement Revenues for the preceding four Quarterly Reporting
Periods (or, in the case of the first three Quarterly Reporting Periods, since the Closing Date) are greater than or equal to 5.0% of
the Free Spirit Program Revenues for such period, (i) Spirit shall promptly assign its rights to receive payment under one or more Retained
Agreements to the Loyalty Issuer such that the aggregate amount of revenues produced by the Retained Agreements not so assigned is less
than 5.0% of the Free Spirit Program Revenues in such period (on a pro forma basis). Upon the effectiveness of such assignment,
such Retained Agreement(s) shall become Free Spirit Agreement(s).

(g)Each Co-Issuer and Guarantor shall maintain in effect commercially reasonable privacy and data security policies. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each applicable
Co-Issuer and Guarantor shall comply in all material respects, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and each of its Third Party Processors
to be in compliance in all material respects with (i) all internal privacy policies and privacy policies contained on any websites maintained
by or on behalf of such Co-Issuer or Guarantor or such Subsidiary and such policies are accurate, not misleading and consistent with the
actual practices of such Co-Issuer or Guarantor, (ii) all Data Protection Laws with respect to Personal Data of the United States, the
State of California, the United Kingdom, the Cayman Islands, and the European Union and (iii) its contractual commitments and obligations
regarding Personal Data.

Section
4.07

88

Maintenance of Rating.

The Co-Issuers and the Guarantors
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (x) cause the Notes to be rated by both of the Rating Agencies within 30 days of the Closing
Date and (y) cause the Notes to be continuously rated by both of the Ratings Agencies but, in each case, shall not be required to obtain
any specific rating. The Co-Issuers and the Guarantors shall make commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Rating Agencies (at Spirits
sole expense) such reports, records and documents as each shall reasonably request to monitor or affirm such ratings, except to the extent
the disclosure of any such document or any such discussion would result in the violation of any Co-Issuers or Guarantors
contractual (including all confidentiality obligations set forth in the Free Spirit Agreements) or legal obligations; provided
that the Co-Issuers or Guarantors failure to obtain such a rating after using commercially reasonable efforts shall not
constitute an Event of Default.

Section
4.08Restricted
Payments.

(a)Spirit shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(1)declare or pay any dividend or make any other payment or distribution on account of Spirits or any of its Subsidiaries
Equity Interests (including any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries) or
to the direct or indirect holders of Spirits or any of its Subsidiaries Equity Interests in their capacity as such (other
than dividends, distributions or payments payable in Qualifying Equity Interests or in the case of preferred stock of Spirit, an increase
in the liquidation value thereof);

(2)purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of Spirit or any Subsidiary thereof;

(3)make any voluntary payment on or with respect to, or purchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value
(collectively, for purposes of this clause (3), a purchase) any Indebtedness of the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor that
is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or the applicable Note Guarantee (excluding any intercompany Indebtedness
between or among Spirit and its Subsidiaries), Junior Lien Debt (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any payment in respect of Indebtedness
outstanding pursuant to Section 4.09(b)(vi)) or unsecured Indebtedness, in each case, except any scheduled payment of interest
and any purchase within one year of the scheduled maturity of such Indebtedness; or

(4)make any Restricted Parent Investment;

(all such payments and other
actions set forth in these clauses (1) through (4) being collectively referred to as Restricted Payments), unless,
at the time of and after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the sum of such Restricted Payment together with the aggregate amount
of all other Restricted Payments (other than Restricted Parent Investments) made by Spirit and its Subsidiaries since the Closing Date
and together with Restricted Parent Investments outstanding at the time of giving effect to such Restricted Payment (excluding, in each
case, Restricted Payments permitted by clauses (ii) through (xxi) of Section 4.07(b) hereof), is less than the sum, without duplication,
of:

(i)an amount (which amount shall not be less than zero) equal to 50% of the Consolidated Net Income (less 100% of such Consolidated
Net Income which is a deficit) of Spirit for the period (taken as one accounting period) from January 1, 2025 to the end

89

of Spirits most recently ended
fiscal quarter for which financial statements are available at the time of such Restricted Payment or Restricted Parent Investment; plus

(ii)100% of the aggregate net cash proceeds and the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by Spirit after the Closing
Date, in each case, as a contribution to its common equity capital or from the issue or sale of Qualifying Equity Interests (other than
Qualifying Equity Interests sold to a Subsidiary of Spirit and Excluded Contributions); plus

(iii)100% of the aggregate net cash proceeds and the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by Spirit from the issue or
sale of convertible or exchangeable Disqualified Stock of Spirit or convertible or exchangeable debt securities of Spirit (regardless
of when issued or sold) or in connection with the conversion or exchange thereof, in each case that have been converted into or exchanged
after the Closing Date for Qualifying Equity Interests of Spirit (other than Qualifying Equity Interests and convertible or exchangeable
Disqualified Stock or debt securities sold to a Subsidiary of Spirit); plus

(iv)to the extent that any Restricted Parent Investment that was made after the Closing Date by Spirit is (a) sold for cash or otherwise
cancelled, liquidated or repaid for cash, or (b) made in an entity that subsequently becomes a Subsidiary of Spirit, the initial amount
of such Restricted Parent Investment (or, if less, the amount of cash received upon repayment or sale);

provided, however, there shall
be no increase in respect of any amount contemplated by clause (iv) of this Section 4.08(a) pursuant to any such clause to the extent
such amount otherwise increases the capacity of Spirit to make Restricted Payments pursuant to this Section 4.08(a).

(b)The provisions of Section 4.08(a) hereof shall not prohibit:

(i)the payment of any dividend or distribution or the consummation of any irrevocable redemption within 60 days after the date of
declaration of the dividend or distribution or giving of the redemption notice, as the case may be, if at the date of declaration or notice,
the dividend or distribution or redemption payment would have complied with the other applicable provisions of this Indenture;

(ii)the making of any Restricted Payment in exchange for, or out of or with the net cash proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale
(other than to a Subsidiary of Spirit) of, Qualifying Equity Interests or from the substantially concurrent contribution of common equity
capital to Spirit; provided that the amount of any such net cash proceeds that are utilized for any such Restricted Payment shall not
be considered to be net proceeds of Qualifying Equity Interests for purposes of clause (ii) of Section 4.08(a) hereof and shall not be
considered to be Excluded Contributions;

(iii)Restricted SPV Payments by the SPV Parties (A) with amounts released to the Co-Issuers under Section 4.01(j), Section
4.22(e) or pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement, in each case, so long as no Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing at such time and/or (B) in the form of cash dividends or cash distributions to Spirit solely to the extent
necessary for Spirit to pay (x) government fees and other amounts due and owing in respect of maintaining the corporate existence of the
SPV Parties and/or (y) any U.S. federal, state or local or non-U.S. income taxes (or any

90

franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof)
of Spirit to the extent attributable to the income of the SPV Parties, determined by assuming that Spirit is subject to the maximum rate
of tax applicable to C corporations;

(iv)the repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value of Indebtedness of the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor
that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or to the applicable Note Guarantee with the net cash proceeds from
an incurrence of Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness;

(v)Restricted Payment so long as, immediately after giving effect to such payment or declaration, the Total Net Leverage Ratio is
less than or equal to 4.00 to 1.00;

(vi)the repurchase of Equity Interests of Spirit or other securities of Spirit deemed to occur upon (A) the exercise of stock options,
warrants or other securities convertible or exchangeable into such Equity Interests or any other such securities, to the extent such Equity
Interests or other securities represent a portion of the exercise price of those stock options, warrants or other securities convertible
or exchangeable into Equity Interests or any other securities or (B) the withholding of a portion of Equity Interests issued to employees
and other participants under an equity compensation program Spirit to cover withholding tax obligations of such persons in respect of
such issuance;

(vii)so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the declaration and payment of regularly scheduled or accrued dividends,
distributions or payments to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Stock or subordinated debt of Spirit, in each case, issued
after the Closing Date in accordance with Section 4.09 hereof;

(viii)payments of cash, dividends, distributions, advances, common stock or other Restricted Payments by Spirit to allow the payment
of cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares upon (A) the exercise of options or warrants, (B) the conversion or exchange of Capital
Stock of any such Person or (C) the conversion or exchange of Indebtedness or hybrid securities into Capital Stock of any such Person;

(ix)the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Stock of Spirit to the extent such dividends
are included in the definition of Fixed Charges for such Person;

(x)in the event of a Parent Change of Control, and if no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the payment, purchase, redemption,
defeasance or other acquisition or retirement of any subordinated Indebtedness of the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor, in each case, at a
purchase price not greater than 101% of the principal amount of such subordinated Indebtedness, plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon;
provided, however, that prior to such payment, purchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement, the Co-Issuers or
Spirit (or a third party to the extent permitted by this Indenture) has made a Parent Change of Control Offer as a result of such Parent
Change of Control (it being agreed that the Co-Issuers or Spirit may pay, purchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire such
subordinated Indebtedness even if the purchase price exceeds 101% of the principal amount of such subordinated Indebtedness; provided
that the amount paid in excess of 101% of such principal amount is otherwise permitted under this Section 4.08);

(xi)Restricted Payments made with Excluded Contributions;

91

(xii) [reserved];

(xiii)[reserved];

(xiv)[reserved];

(xv)[reserved];

(xvi)the payment of any amounts in respect of any restricted stock units or other instruments or rights whose value is based in whole
or in part on the value of any Equity Interests issued to any directors, officers or employees of Spirit;

(xvii)the making of cash payments in connection with any conversion of Convertible Indebtedness in an aggregate amount since the Closing
Date not to exceed the sum of (a) the principal amount of such Convertible Indebtedness plus (b) any payments received by Spirit pursuant
to the exercise, settlement or termination of any related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction; and

(xviii) any payments in connection with (a) a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and (b) the settlement of any related Permitted Warrant
Transaction (i) by delivery of shares of Spirits or a parent company of Spirits common stock upon settlement thereof or
(ii) by (A) set-off against the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (B) payment of an early termination amount thereof upon any
early termination thereof in common stock or, in the case of a nationalization, insolvency, merger event (as a result of which holders
of such common stock are entitled to receive cash or other consideration for their shares of the such common stock) or similar transaction
with respect to Spirit, such parent company or such common stock, cash and/or other property.

(c)The SPV Parties shall not, directly or indirectly:

(i)declare or pay any dividend or make any other payment or distribution on account of any SPV Partys Equity Interests (including
any payment in connection with any merger or consolidation) or to the direct or indirect holders of any SPV Partys Equity Interests
in their capacity as such;

(ii)purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of any SPV Party;

(iii)make any payment on or with respect to, or purchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Indebtedness
that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or the applicable Note Guarantee (excluding any intercompany Indebtedness
between or among Spirit and its Subsidiaries), except any scheduled payment of interest and any purchase, redemption, defeasance or other
acquisition or retirement within one year of the scheduled maturity of such Indebtedness; or

(iv)make any Restricted SPV Investment,

(all such payments and other actions set forth
in this Section 4.08(c)(i) through (iv) being collectively referred to as Restricted SPV Payments),
other than pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 4.08(b)(iii).

92

(d) Spirit will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make any Investment to create
or acquire, or in furtherance or support of, any Loyalty Program (for the avoidance of doubt, other than the Free Spirit Program) other
than any Loyalty Program which Spirit and its Subsidiaries are expressly permitted to operate under the Transaction Documents, including
a Permitted Acquisition Loyalty Program.

(e)For purposes of determining compliance with Section 4.08(a) and (b), if a proposed Restricted Payment (or portion thereof)
meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Restricted Payments set forth in clauses (i) through (xxi) of Section 4.08(b)
hereof, or is entitled to be made pursuant to Section 4.08(a) hereof, Spirit shall be entitled to classify on the date of its payment
or later reclassify such Restricted Payment (or portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this Section 4.08.

(f)Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary, if a Restricted Payment is made (or any other action is taken
or omitted under this Indenture) at a time when a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and such Default or Event
of Default is subsequently cured, any Default or Event of Default arising from the making of such Restricted Payment (or the taking or
omission of such other action) during the existence of such Default or Event of Default shall simultaneously be deemed cured.

(g)In the case of any Restricted Payment that is not cash, the amount of such non-cash Restricted Payment will be the Fair
Market Value on the date of the Restricted Payment of the asset(s) or securities proposed to be transferred or issued by Spirit or such
Subsidiary of Spirit, as the case may be, pursuant to the Restricted Payment.

Section
4.09Incurrence
of Indebtedness and Issuance of Preferred Stock.

(a)Spirit shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume,
guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise, with respect to (collectively, incur)
any Indebtedness (including Acquired Debt), and Spirit shall not issue any Disqualified Stock and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to issue any shares of preferred stock; provided, however, that Spirit may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Debt) or issue Disqualified
Stock and its Subsidiaries may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Debt), if Spirits Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the most
recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which
such additional Indebtedness is incurred or such Disqualified Stock is issued, as the case may be, would have been at least 1.10 to 1.00,
determined on a pro forma basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the additional Indebtedness had
been incurred or the Disqualified Stock had been issued, as the case may be, at the beginning of such four-quarter period.

(b)The provisions of Section 4.09(a) hereof shall not prohibit the incurrence of any of the following items of Indebtedness
(collectively, Permitted Debt):

(i)Junior Lien Debt; provided that (A) prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, the Rating Agency Condition shall have
been satisfied, (B) no Event of Default or Cash Trap Event shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the issuance of
such Junior Lien Debt and (C) the pro forma Total DSCR immediately after giving effect to the issuance of such Indebtedness shall be more
than 3.50 to 1.00;

(ii)Pre-paid Miles Purchases, so long as (A) the aggregate amount of Miles purchased or other Indebtedness incurred in connection with
such Pre-paid Miles Purchases during any fiscal year does not exceed $100.0 million, (B) the proceeds of such Pre-paid

93

Miles Purchases are deposited to the Loyalty
Collection Account, (C) such sale is non-refundable and non-recourse to the SPV Parties, (D) the Indebtedness related thereto is unsecured
or secured by assets of Spirit or its Subsidiaries (other than the SPV Parties) that do not constitute Collateral and (E) the Indebtedness
related thereto is unsecured and subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Trustee;

(iii)Indebtedness represented by the Notes issued and outstanding on the Closing Date and any PIK Notes issued upon payment of interest
thereon, and the Note Guarantees related thereto;

(iv)Indebtedness arising from customary indemnification or other similar obligations under the Transaction Documents and the other
agreements entered into on the Closing Date in connection therewith (or permitted replacements or amendments thereto);

(v)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of Existing Indebtedness outstanding as of the Closing Date;

(vi)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness and letters of credit (and reimbursement obligations with respect
thereto), and Guarantees thereof, under Credit Facilities in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding under this clause
(vi) (with letters of credit being deemed to have a principal amount equal to the maximum potential liability of Spirit and its Subsidiaries
thereunder) not to exceed (x) $300.0 plus (y) the Shared Liquidity Amount;

(vii)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness (including Finance Lease Obligations, mortgage financings,
purchase money obligations and government bond financings) incurred to finance (or to reimburse Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries for)
all or any part of the purchase price or cost of use, design, construction, installation or improvement of property, plant or equipment
(including without limitation (and in each case, whether or not owned by Spirit or its Subsidiaries) Aircraft Related Facilities or Aircraft
Related Equipment) used in the business of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries;

(viii)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of (A) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in exchange for, or the net proceeds
of which are used to renew, refund, refinance, replace, extend, defease or discharge any Indebtedness (other than intercompany Indebtedness)
that was permitted by this Indenture to be incurred under Section 4.09(a) hereof or clause (v), (vi), (vii), (viii), (ix), (xvi), (xxiii),
(xiv), (xxvii) or (xxviii) of this Section 4.09(b) and (B) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness secured by Aircraft Related Equipment (other
than a refinancing of the Revolving Credit Agreement and the obligations thereunder) or other assets replacing, renewing, refunding, extending,
refinancing, defeasing or discharging any other Indebtedness of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries that was secured by Aircraft Related
Equipment or other assets;

(ix)[reserved];

(x)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of intercompany Indebtedness between or among Spirit and/or any of its Subsidiaries;

94

(xi) the issuance by any Subsidiary of Spirit to Spirit or to any of its Subsidiaries of shares of preferred stock;

(xii)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of Hedging Obligations in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(xiii)the Guarantee (including by way of co-obligation or assumption) by Spirit or any Subsidiary of Spirit of Indebtedness of Spirit
or a Subsidiary of Spirit to the extent that the guaranteed Indebtedness was permitted to be incurred by another provision of this Section
4.09; provided that if the Indebtedness being guaranteed is subordinated to or pari passu with the Notes, then the Guarantee must be subordinated
or pari passu, as applicable, to the same extent as the Indebtedness guaranteed or assumed;

(xiv)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness or reimbursement obligations in respect of workers compensation
claims, self-insurance obligations (including reinsurance), bankers acceptances, performance bonds and surety bonds in the Ordinary
Course of Business (including without limitation in respect of customs obligations, landing fees, taxes, airport charges, overfly rights
and any other obligations to airport and governmental authorities);

(xv)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness in respect of any overdrafts and related liabilities arising
from treasury, depository and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearing house transfers of funds;

(xvi)Indebtedness (a) constituting credit support or financing from aircraft or engine or parts manufacturers or their affiliates or
(b) incurred to finance or refinance Aircraft Related Equipment (including to reimburse Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries for the acquisition
cost of any of the foregoing, to finance any pre-delivery, progress or similar payment or pursuant to a sale and lease-back) (whether
in advance of or at any time following any acquisition of items being financed, and whether such Indebtedness is unsecured in whole or
in part or is secured by such items or by other items or by any combination); provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness
incurred in reliance on subclause (b) of this clause (xvi), at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness, may exceed the aggregate incurred
and anticipated costs to finance acquisition of the item or items being financed by such Indebtedness (calculated at the time of incurrence
of such Indebtedness and determined in good faith by an Officer of Spirit or Subsidiary, as applicable, (including reasonable estimates
of anticipated costs) and calculated to include, without limitation, purchase price, fees, expenses, repayment of any pre-delivery financing
and related interest expense (whether or not capitalized) and premium (if any), delivery and late charges and other costs associated with
such acquisition (as so calculated, for purposes of this proviso, the financing costs)) but, if such principal amount exceeds
such financing costs, it may not exceed the aggregate Fair Market Value of the item or items securing such Indebtedness (which Fair Market
Value may, at the time of an advance commitment, be determined to be the Fair Market Value at the time of such commitment or (at the option
of the issuer of such Indebtedness) the Fair Market Value projected for the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness);

(xvii)[reserved];

95

(xviii) reimbursement obligations in respect of standby or documentary letters of credit or bankers acceptances;

(xix)surety and appeal bonds that do not secure judgments that constitute an Event of Default;

(xx)Indebtedness of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries to credit card, travel charge or clearing house processors in connection with
credit card processing, travel charge or clearing house services incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, whether in the form of hold-backs
or otherwise;

(xxi)[reserved];

(xxii)the incurrence of Indebtedness of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries owed to one or more Persons in connection with the financing
of insurance premiums in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(xxiii)Indebtedness in respect of or in connection with tax-exempt or tax-advantaged municipal bond and similar financings related to
Aircraft Related Facilities;

(xxiv)credit card purchases of fuel;

(xxv)Indebtedness arising from agreements of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase
price or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets
or a Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of a disposition, the maximum assumable liability in respect of all such Indebtedness shall
at no time exceed the gross proceeds, including non-cash proceeds (the Fair Market Value of such non-cash proceeds being measured at the
time received and without giving effect to any subsequent changes in value) actually received by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries in
connection with such disposition;

(xxvi)Indebtedness of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries consisting of take-or-pay or like obligations contained in supply, maintenance,
repair, power-by-the-hour, overhaul or like agreements either (A) entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business or (B) otherwise customary,
typical or appropriate for a Permitted Airline Business;

(xxvii)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of additional Indebtedness that is either (A) unsecured and expressly contractually
subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full in cash of all Notes and Spirits Obligations on terms not materially
less favorable to the Holders of the Notes than those customary at the time of incurrence (determined in good faith by a senior financial
officer of Spirit) for senior subordinated high yield debt securities or (B) unsecured, pari passu with all Notes and Spirits
Obligations and convertible into common stock of Spirit; provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant
to clauses (A) and (B) together, including all Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to renew, refund, refinance, replace, extend,
defease or discharge any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (xxvii), does not exceed $250.0 million at any time outstanding;
and

(xxviii)the incurrence by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries of additional unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount (or accreted
value, as applicable), including

96

all Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness
incurred to renew, refund, refinance, replace, extend, defease or discharge any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (xxviii),
not to exceed $250.0 million, at any time outstanding.

(c) For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 4.09, if an item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than
one of the categories of Permitted Debt set forth in clauses (i) through (xxviii) of Section 4.09(b) hereof or is entitled to be incurred
pursuant to Section 4.09(a) hereof, Spirit shall be permitted to classify all or a portion of such item of Indebtedness on the date of
its incurrence in any manner that complies with this Section 4.09. Additionally, all or any portion of any item of Indebtedness may later
be reclassified as having been incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(a) hereof or under any category of Permitted Debt described in clauses
(i) through (xxviii) of Section 4.09(b) so long as such item (or portion) of Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred pursuant to such
provision at the time of reclassification.

(d)None of the following shall constitute an incurrence of Indebtedness or an issuance of preferred stock or Disqualified Stock
for purposes of this Section 4.09:

(i)the accrual of interest or preferred stock dividends;

(ii)the accretion or amortization of original issue discount;

(iii)the payment of interest on any Indebtedness in the form of additional Indebtedness with the same terms (including PIK Interest);

(iv)the reclassification of preferred stock or any other instrument or transaction as Indebtedness due to a change in accounting principles
or in GAAP; and

(v)the payment of dividends on preferred stock or Disqualified Stock in the form of additional shares of the same class of preferred
stock or Disqualified Stock.

(e)For purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the
U.S. dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be utilized, calculated based on the relevant
currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 4.08,
the maximum amount of Indebtedness that Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries may incur pursuant to this Section 4.08 shall not be deemed
to be exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations in exchange rates or currency values.

(f)The amount of any Indebtedness outstanding as of any date shall be:

(1) the
accreted value of the Indebtedness as of such date, in the case of any Indebtedness issued with original issue discount;

(2) the
principal amount of the Indebtedness as of such date, in the case of any other Indebtedness; and

(3) in
respect of Indebtedness of another Person secured by a Lien on the assets of the specified Person, the lesser of:

(A) the Fair Market
Value of such assets as of such date; and

97

(B) the amount of the
Indebtedness of the other Person as of such date.

Section
4.10Liens.

(a)Spirit shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly create, incur,
assume or suffer to exist any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any property or asset that constitutes (x) Collateral or
(y) cash, Cash Equivalents, deposit accounts or securities accounts of Spirit or its Subsidiaries securing Indebtedness of
the type described in clauses (1), (2) and (4) of the definition thereof (other than Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clauses
(vii), (viii)(B), (xvi) and/or (xxiii) of Section 4.09(b) and any Specified Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, in
each case, solely to the extent such pledge is necessary for Spirit or any Subsidiary thereof to comply with a loan-to-value, collateral
coverage ratio or similar financial maintenance covenant contained in the definitive documentation governing any such Indebtedness); provided
that, in case of clause (y), Spirit and its Subsidiaries shall be permitted to (A) cash collateralize letters of credit in the ordinary
course of business and consistent with past practice, (B) pledge such assets to credit card processors to the extent required under contractual
arrangements existing on the Closing Date or otherwise pledge up to an additional $50,000,000 of such assets to credit card processors,
(C) pledge such assets to credit card processors so long as, in the case of this sub-clause (C), Spirit and/or its Subsidiaries, as applicable,
grant junior Liens thereon to the Collateral Agent to secure the Obligations and (D) provide security deposits in the case of aircraft
operating leases.

(b)No SPV Party will directly or indirectly create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien of any kind on any of its property
or assets, other than Permitted Liens.

(c)Spirit and any other applicable Grantor shall be required to cause all cash, Cash Equivalents, deposit accounts and securities
accounts that constitutes Revolving Priority Collateral (other than cash collateral for letters of credit provided in the ordinary course
of business and consistent with past practice) to be subject to one or more Account Control Agreements.

Section
4.11Restrictions
on Disposition of Collateral.

(a)Neither Spirit nor any Grantor shall sell or otherwise Dispose of any Collateral (including by way of any Sale of a Grantor),
unless:

(i)in the case of any Notes Priority Collateral of Spirit or any other Grantor that is not a SPV Party, (x) such Disposition constitutes
a Permitted Spirit Collateral Disposition or (y) (A) Spirit or the applicable Grantor (as the case may be) receives consideration at the
time of the Disposition at least equal to the Fair Market Value of the assets or Equity Interests issued or sold or otherwise disposed
of and (B) at least 75% of the consideration received in the Disposition by Spirit or such Grantor is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents;

(ii)in the case of any Notes Priority Collateral of a SPV Party, such Disposition constitutes a Permitted SPV Collateral Disposition;
and/or

(iii)in the case of any Revolving Priority Collateral, (x) such Disposition constitutes a Permitted Spirit Collateral Disposition; provided
that so long as any loans or letters of credit are outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement (other than such as have been cash
collateralized or covered by a back-to-back letter of credit),
no Core Collateral Failure (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) results therefrom, or (y) upon the consummation of such Disposition,
(A) no event of default under the Revolving Credit Agreement shall have occurred and be continuing,
(B) the Collateral Coverage Ratio is not less than 1.00 to 1.00 after giving effect

98

to such Disposition (and the grant of
Liens to the Revolving Agent on, or any other provision to the Revolving Agent of, any additional Revolving Priority Collateral) and (C)
so long as any loans or letters of credit are outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement (other than
such as have been cash collateralized or covered by a back-to-back letter of credit),
no Core Collateral Failure results from such Disposition. 

Section
4.12ECF
Account and Collateral Proceeds Account.

(a)The Co-Issuers shall establish and maintain or cause to be maintained at the Collateral Custodian, a segregated non-interest
bearing trust account in the name of one or both Co-Issuers (as specified in the applicable Account Control Agreement), for the purpose
of holding Required Excess Cash Flow amounts deposited therein from time to time pursuant to Section 4.01 (such account, the ECF
Account). Amounts on deposit in the ECF Account shall be applied to offer to repurchase Notes as set forth under Section
4.22. Only Required Excess Cash Flow deposited into the ECF Account pursuant to Section 4.01 will be permitted to be deposited
in the ECF Account. The ECF Account shall be subject at all times to an Account Control Agreement. Amounts on deposit in the ECF Account
shall remain uninvested.

(b)As security for the prompt payment or performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise,
of all Obligations, the Co-Issuers hereby grants to the Trustee for the benefit of the Notes Secured Parties a security interest in and
lien upon, all of the Co-Issuers right, title and interest in and to (i) the ECF Account, (ii) all funds held in the ECF Account,
and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time representing or evidencing any account or such funds, (iii) all Investments
from time to time of amounts in the ECF Account and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time representing or evidencing
such Investments, (iv) all notes, certificates of deposit and other instruments from time to time delivered to or otherwise possessed
by the Trustee or any Notes Secured Party or any assignee or agent on behalf of the Trustee or any Notes Secured Party in substitution
for or in addition to any of the then existing Collateral in the ECF Account, and (v) all interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other
property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for any and all of the then existing
Collateral in the ECF Account.

(c)Each Co-Issuer and Guarantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that at all times, the Trustee shall be the only Person that
has a right to withdraw from the ECF Account and, so long as such funds remain on deposit in the ECF Account, such funds shall at all
times continue to be Collateral security for all of the Obligations.

(d)If, at any time, the ECF Account shall no longer be an Eligible Account, the Co-Issuers shall provide prompt written notice
to the Trustee and, within sixty (60) days, move the ECF Account to a new depositary institution pursuant to Section 7.11.

(e)The Co-Issuers shall establish and maintain or cause to be maintained at the Collateral Custodian, a segregated non-interest
bearing trust account in the name of one or both Co-Issuers (as specified in the applicable Account Control Agreement), for the purpose
of holding Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds deposited therein from time to time pursuant to Section 3.09 (such account,
the Collateral Proceeds Account). Amounts on deposit in the Collateral Proceeds Account shall be applied to offer
to repurchase Notes as set forth under Section 3.09. Only Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds deposited into the Collateral
Proceeds Account pursuant to Section 3.09 will be permitted to be deposited in the Collateral Proceeds Account. The Collateral
Proceeds Account shall be subject at all times to an Account Control Agreement. Amounts on deposit in the Collateral Proceeds Account
shall remain uninvested.

99

(f) As security for the prompt payment or performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise,
of all Obligations, the Co-Issuers hereby grant to the Trustee for the benefit of the Notes Secured Parties a security interest in and
lien upon, all of the Co-Issuers right, title and interest in and to (i) the Collateral Proceeds Account, (ii) all funds held in
the Collateral Proceeds Account, and all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time representing or evidencing any account
or such funds, (iii) all Investments from time to time of amounts in the Collateral Proceeds Account and all certificates and instruments,
if any, from time to time representing or evidencing such Investments, (iv) all notes, certificates of deposit and other instruments from
time to time delivered to or otherwise possessed by the Trustee or any Notes Secured Party or any assignee or agent on behalf of the Trustee
or any Notes Secured Party in substitution for or in addition to any of the then existing Collateral in the Collateral Proceeds Account,
and (v) all interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed
in respect of or in exchange for any and all of the then existing Collateral in the Collateral Proceeds Account.

(g)Each Co-Issuer and Guarantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that at all times, the Trustee shall be the only Person that
has a right to withdraw from the Collateral Proceeds Account and, so long as such funds remain on deposit in the Collateral Proceeds Account,
such funds shall at all times continue to be Collateral security for all of the Obligations.

(h)If, at any time, the Collateral Proceeds Account shall no longer be an Eligible Account, the Co-Issuers shall provide prompt
written notice to the Trustee and, within sixty (60) days, move the Collateral Proceeds Account to a new depositary institution pursuant
to Section 7.11.

Section
4.13Restrictions
on Business Activities.

(a)Spirit will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than the SPV Parties) to, engage in any business other
than the Permitted Airline Business, except to such extent as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Spirit
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

(b)The SPV Parties will not engage in any business other than the Permitted SPV Business.

Section
4.14Transactions
with Affiliates.

(a)Spirit shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell or transfer
any property or assets to, or purchase or acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transaction with, any
of its Affiliates (other than Spirit and its Subsidiaries or any person that becomes a Subsidiary of a Spirit as a result of such transaction)
in a transaction (or series of related transactions) involving aggregate consideration in excess of $5.0 million, unless such transaction
is upon terms that are substantially no less favorable, when taken as a whole, to Spirit or such Subsidiary, as applicable, than would
be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction with a person that is not an Affiliate of Spirit or such Subsidiary,
as determined by the Board of Directors of Spirit or such Subsidiary in good faith.

(b)Section 4.14(a) shall not prohibit, to the extent otherwise permitted under this Indenture:

(i)any issuance of securities, or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of,
employment arrangements, equity purchase agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Board of Directors of Spirit;

(ii)loans or advances to employees or consultants of Spirit or any of the Subsidiaries;

100

(iii) the payment of fees, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and indemnities and employment and severance arrangements provided
to, or on behalf of or for the benefit of, directors, officers, consultants and employees of Spirit and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary
course of business;

(iv)transactions, agreements and arrangements in existence on the Closing Date;

(v)(A) any employment agreements entered into by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (B) any
subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Equity Interests pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights
with employees, officers or directors, and (C) any employee compensation, benefit plan or arrangement, any health, disability or
similar insurance plan which covers employees, and any reasonable employment contract and transactions pursuant thereto;

(vi)any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 4.08, Permitted Parent Investments and Permitted SPV Investments;

(vii)transactions for the purchase or sale of goods, equipment, products, parts and services (including property management and similar
services) entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(viii)any transaction in respect of which Spirit delivers to the Trustee a letter addressed to the Board of Directors of Spirit from
an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm, in each case of nationally recognized standing that is in the good faith determination
of Spirit qualified to render such letter, which letter states that (i) such transaction is on terms that are substantially no less
favorable, when taken as a whole, to Spirit or such Subsidiary, as applicable, than would be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction
with a person that is not an Affiliate or (ii) such transaction is fair, when taken as a whole, to Spirit or such Subsidiary, as
applicable, from a financial point of view;

(ix)transactions with joint ventures for the purchase or sale of goods, equipment, products, parts and services entered into in the
ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm;

(x)payments, loans (or cancellation of loans) or advances to employees or consultants that are
(i) approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of Spirit in good faith, (ii) made in compliance with applicable law and (iii)
otherwise permitted under this Indenture; 

(xi)transactions with customers, clients or suppliers, or purchasers or sellers of goods or services,
in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norm otherwise in compliance with the terms
of this Indenture that are fair to Spirit or the Subsidiaries (in the good faith determination of Spirit); and 

(xii)transactions between or among Spirit, any Co-Issuer and any Guarantor.

Section
4.15Liquidity.

Spirit shall not permit the
aggregate amount of Liquidity to be less than $450.0 million at the end of any Business Day following the Closing Date.

Section
4.16Appraisals.

101

Spirit shall provide the Trustee
with a copy of each Appraisal that is required to be delivered to the Revolving Agent under the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement
within three (3) Business Days after the date on which such Appraisal is delivered to the Revolving Agent thereunder.

Section
4.17Financial
Statements and Other Reports.

(a)From and after the Closing Date, Spirit shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee:

(i)within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, the consolidated
balance sheet and related statement of income and cash flows of the Reporting Entity (as defined below), showing the financial condition
of the Reporting Entity on a consolidated basis as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of their respective operations during
such year, the consolidated statement of the Reporting Entity to be audited for the Reporting Entity by independent public accountants
of recognized national standing and to be accompanied by an opinion of such accountants (which opinion shall be without any qualification
or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition and results of operations of the Reporting Entity on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided
that the foregoing delivery requirement shall be satisfied if the Reporting Entity shall have filed with the SEC its Annual Report on
Form 10-K for such fiscal year, which is available to the public via EDGAR or any similar successor system;

(ii)within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal
quarter ending March 31, 2025), the consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Reporting Entity,
showing the financial condition of the Reporting Entity on a consolidated basis as of the close of such fiscal quarter and the results
of their operations during such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, each certified by a Responsible Officer
of the Reporting Entity as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Reporting
Entity on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; provided
that the foregoing delivery requirement shall be satisfied if the Reporting Entity shall have filed with the SEC its Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for such fiscal quarter, which is available to the public via EDGAR or any similar successor system; and

(iii)within ninety (90) days after the end of the fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024), a certificate
of a Responsible Officer of Spirit certifying that, to the knowledge of such Responsible Officer, no Cash Trap Event or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, or, if, to the knowledge of such Responsible Officer, such Cash Trap Event or Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto;

(iv)within (A) ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, and (B)
forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal quarter
ending March 31, 2025), a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Spirit demonstrating in reasonable detail compliance with Section
4.15 as of the end of such

102

preceding fiscal quarter; provided that,
in the case of the compliance certificate delivered for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025, such compliance certificate shall demonstrate
compliance with Section 4.15 for the period from the Closing Date through and including March 31, 2025;

(v)no later than each Determination Date with respect to each Quarterly Reporting Period, a certificate of a Responsible Officer of
Spirit (which may be the Payment Date Statement), (i) setting forth the name of each new Material Free Spirit Agreement entered into as
of such date and each of the parties thereto, (ii) certifying compliance with deposit requirements under the Transaction Documents with
respect to such Free Spirit Agreements, (iii) verifying that 90% of all Free Spirit Program Revenues for such Quarterly Reporting Period
were deposited directly into the Loyalty Collection Account, and (iv) certifying whether there has been any Material Modification to any
Material Free Spirit Agreement and, if there has been, specifying the date of such Material Modification and the Material Free Spirit
Agreement to which such Material Modification applied and certifying that the Material Modification was made in compliance with this Indenture;

(vi)on each Determination Date, a Payment Date Statement to the Trustee. The Trustee may, prior to the related Payment Date, provide
notice to the Co-Issuers of any information contained in the Payment Date Statement that the Trustee believes to be incorrect. If the
Trustee provides such a notice, the Co-Issuers shall use their reasonable efforts to resolve the discrepancy and provide an updated Payment
Date Statement on or prior to the related Payment Date. If the discrepancy is not resolved and a replacement Payment Date Statement is
not received by the Trustee prior to the payment of Available Funds on the related Payment Date pursuant to Section 4.01 and it
is later determined that the information identified by the Trustee as incorrect was in fact incorrect and such error resulted in a party
receiving a smaller distribution on the Payment Date than they would have received had there not been such an error, then the Co-Issuers
shall indemnify such party for such shortfall. For the avoidance of doubt and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture
or in any Collateral Document, the Trustee shall have no obligation to inquire into, investigate, verify or perform any calculations in
connection with a Payment Date Statement or notice from the Trustee in respect of the same; it being understood and agreed that the Trustee
shall be entitled to conclusively rely, and shall not be liable for so relying, on the Payment Date Statement last received by it on or
prior to each Payment Date and the Trustee shall have no obligation, responsibility or liability in connection with any indemnification
payment of the Co-Issuers pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence;

(vii)promptly after the occurrence thereof, written notice of the termination of a Plan of Spirit pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA
to the extent such termination would constitute an Event of Default; and

(viii)promptly after the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer of Spirit becoming aware of the occurrence of a Default, a Cash Trap
Event or an Event of Default that is continuing, an Officers Certificate specifying such Default, Cash Trap Event or Event of Default
and what action Spirit and its Subsidiaries are taking or propose to take with respect thereto.

(b)To the extent not satisfied by this Section 4.17, for so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding during any period
when the Reporting Entity is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

103

Exchange Act, the Co-Issuers shall furnish to
Holders, prospective investors and securities analysts, upon the requests of such Holders, prospective investors or securities analysts,
any information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act so long as the Notes are not freely transferable
under the Securities Act.

(c)In no event shall the Trustee be entitled to inspect, receive and make copies of materials (except in connection with any
enforcement or exercise of remedies in the case of clause (i)) (i) that constitute non registered Intellectual Property, Excluded Intellectual
Property, non-financial Trade Secrets (including the Free Spirit Customer Data) or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect
of which disclosure to the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or any Holder (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited
by law or any binding agreement (or would otherwise cause a breach or default thereunder) or (iii) that are subject to attorney client
or similar privilege or constitute attorney work product.

(d)Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Indenture to the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.17(a)(i) through
Section 4.17(a)(viii) may be made available by the Trustee to the Holders by posting such information on the Trustees website
on the Internet at http://wilmingtontrustconnect.com. Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Indenture shall be deemed
to have been delivered to the Trustee on the date on which Spirit provides written notice to the Trustee that such information has been
posted on Spirits general commercial website on the Internet (to the extent such information has been posted or is available as
described in such notice), as such website may be specified by Spirit to the Trustee from time to time, and shall be in a format which
is suitable for transmission.

(e)Delivery of reports, information, appraisals, and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and its receipt
of such reports, information, appraisals, and documents shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein
or determinable from information contained therein, including compliance by any Co-Issuer, Guarantor or any other Person with any of its
covenants under this Indenture or the Notes (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates).
The Trustee shall have no liability or responsibility for the content, filing or timeliness of any report, appraisal, or other information
delivered, filed or posted under or in connection with this Indenture, the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated
thereunder. The Trustee has no duty to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, the Obligors compliance with this
Article 4 or with respect to matters disclosed in any reports or other documents filed with the SEC or EDGAR or any website under this
Indenture, or participate in any conference calls.

(f)The financial statements, information and other documents required to be provided as described in Sections 4.17(a)(i), 4.17(a)(ii),
4.17(b), 4.17(d) and 4.17(e) may be those of (i) Spirit or (ii) any direct or indirect parent of Spirit, including the Holdco Guarantor
(any such entity described in clause (i) or (ii) that provides such financial statements, information or other documents, the Reporting
Entity), so long as, in the case of clause (ii), such direct or indirect parent of Spirit shall comply Section 4.36 or (2)
the financial information so delivered shall be accompanied by a reasonably detailed description of the quantitative differences between
the information relating to such parent, on the one hand, and the information relating to Spirit and its Subsidiaries on a standalone
basis, on the other hand.

Section
4.18Corporate
Existence.

Each Obligor shall do or cause
to be done all things reasonably necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect:

104

(a) its corporate existence, and the corporate, partnership or other existence of each of its Subsidiaries, in accordance with the
respective organizational documents (as the same may be amended from time to time) of such Obligor or such Subsidiary; and

(b)its and its Subsidiaries rights (charter and statutory) and material franchises; provided, however, that Spirit shall
not be required to preserve any such right or franchise, or the corporate, partnership or other existence of it or any of its Subsidiaries
(other than any SPV Party), if its Board of Directors shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct
of the business of Spirit and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that the loss thereof would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect.

For the avoidance of doubt,
this Section 4.18 shall not prohibit any actions permitted by Article 5.

Section
4.19Use
of Proceeds.

Spirit will not use, and will
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to use, the proceeds of the Notes (A) in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose
of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country
(except to the extent permitted by applicable law), or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable
to Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries.

Section
4.20Specified
Organizational Documents.

No Obligor shall amend, modify
or waive any other provisions of any Specified Organizational Document in a manner that is material and adverse to the interests of the
Holders (in their capacity as Holders).

Section
4.21Intellectual
Property.

(a)The Obligors shall not terminate, amend, waive, supplement or otherwise modify any IP Agreement or any provision thereof
or exercise any right or remedy under or pursuant to or under any IP Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of the
Required Debtholders if such termination, amendment, waiver, supplement or modification or exercise of remedies would reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that (i) termination of any IP Agreement or any amendment to the termination provisions
thereof, or (ii) any amendment to an IP Agreement that (A) materially and adversely affects rights to the Loyalty Program Intellectual
Property, Brand Intellectual Property or, in the case of the Contribution Agreements, other applicable Collateral, or rights to use Loyalty
Program Intellectual Property, Brand Intellectual Property or, in the case of the Contribution Agreements, other applicable Collateral,
(B) shortens the scheduled term thereof, (C) in the case of any IP License, materially and adversely changes the amount or calculation
of the termination payment, or the amount, calculation or rate of fees due and owing thereunder, (D) changes the contractual subordination
of payments thereunder in a manner materially adverse to the Senior Secured Parties, (E) reduces the frequency of payments thereunder
to an SPV Party or permits payments due to an SPV Party thereunder to be deposited to an account other than a Collection Account, (F)
changes the amendment standards applicable to such IP Agreement (other than changes affecting rights of the Trustee or the Collateral
Agent to consent to amendments, which is covered by clause (G)) in a manner that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect or (G) materially impairs the rights of the Trustee or the Collateral Agent to enforce or consent to amendments to any
provisions thereof in accordance therewith shall, in each case, be deemed to have a Material Adverse Effect.

105

(b) Any assignment, pursuant to a Contribution Agreement, of Intellectual Property registered in the United States shall be
filed in the applicable intellectual property office and applicable internet domain name registrars on or before the date that is thirty
(30) days after the Closing Date (as extendable automatically without consent of the Trustee to the extent the Co-Issuers are diligently
pursuing satisfaction of the terms hereof, but such completion has been delayed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or other events and
conditions (e.g., natural disaster), which are outside the control of the Obligors). Any assignment, pursuant to a Contribution Agreement,
of Intellectual Property registered outside the United States shall be filed in the applicable intellectual property office and applicable
internet domain name registrars on or before the date that is one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Closing Date (as extendable
automatically without consent of the Trustee to the extent the Co-Issuers are diligently pursuing satisfaction of the terms hereof, but
such completion has been delayed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or other events and conditions (e.g., natural disaster) in a manner
that is outside the control of the Obligors).

(c)Spirit shall, or shall cause its third party vendor to, segregate, compile, host and maintain Free Spirit Customer Data
on a database separate from the database containing any data owned or purported to be owned, or later developed or acquired and owned
or purported to be owned, by Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Free Spirit Customer Data).

Section
4.22Required
Excess Cash Flow Repurchase Offers.

(a)On each Payment Date, if a Cash Trap Period is in effect as of the last day of the related Quarterly Reporting Period and
a Cash Trap Cure has not occurred on or prior to such Payment Date, then the Co-Issuers, in the Payment Date Statement, shall direct the
Trustee to deposit any Required Excess Cash Flow for such Payment Date to the ECF Account pursuant to Section 4.01. Within 30 days of
any such Payment Date, the Co-Issuers shall make an offer (an ECF Repurchase Offer) to all Holders to purchase the
maximum principal amount of Notes on a pro rata basis that may be purchased out of such Required Excess Cash Flow at a repurchase
price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding,
the ECF Repurchase Date (as defined below).

(b)The ECF Repurchase Offer shall remain open for a period of 20 Business Days following its commencement and no longer, except
to the extent that a longer period is required by applicable law (the ECF Repurchase Offer Period). Promptly after
the expiration of the ECF Repurchase Offer Period (the ECF Repurchase Date), the Trustee shall apply all of the Required
Excess Cash Flow to effect the repurchase by the Co-Issuers of all of the Notes tendered in the ECF Repurchase Offer at a repurchase price
equal to 100.0% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the
ECF Repurchase Date (the ECF Offer Repurchase Price); provided that if the aggregate ECF Offer Repurchase Price for
all Notes tendered in such ECF Repurchase Offer exceeds the total amount of Required Excess Cash Flow, then such tendered Notes shall
be repurchased pro rata up to the maximum amount of Notes that can be repurchased with such Required Excess Cash Flow.

(c)If the ECF Repurchase Date is on or after a record date and on or before the related Payment Date, any accrued and unpaid
interest up to but excluding the ECF Repurchase Date, shall be paid to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business
on such record date, and no additional interest shall be payable to Holders who tender Notes pursuant to the ECF Repurchase Offer.

(d)Notices of an ECF Repurchase Offer (ECF Repurchase Offer Notices) shall be sent by the Co-Issuers by
first class mail or sent electronically, no later than 30 days after the applicable Payment Date, to each Holder at such Holders
registered address or otherwise in accordance with the

106

applicable procedures of DTC. ECF Repurchase Offer
Notices shall contain all instructions and materials necessary to enable such Holders to tender Notes pursuant to the ECF Repurchase Offer.
The ECF Repurchase Offer shall be made to all Holders. The ECF Repurchase Offer Notice, which shall govern the terms of the ECF Repurchase
Offer, shall state:

(i)that the ECF Repurchase Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 4.22 and the length of time the ECF Repurchase Offer
shall remain open;

(ii)the Required Excess Cash Flow for such Payment Date, the repurchase price and the ECF Repurchase Date;

(iii)that any Note not tendered or accepted for payment shall continue to accrue interest;

(iv)that, unless the Co-Issuers default in making such payment, any Note accepted for payment pursuant to the ECF Repurchase Offer
shall cease to accrue interest after the ECF Repurchase Date;

(v)that Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to an ECF Repurchase Offer may elect to have Notes purchased in minimum
amounts of $1.00 or integral multiples of $1.00 in excess thereof only;

(vi)that Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to any ECF Repurchase Offer shall be required to surrender the Note, with
the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase attached to the Note completed, or transfer by book-entry transfer,
to the Co-Issuers, the Notes Depositary, if appointed by the Co-Issuers, or a Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice at least
two (2) Business Days before the ECF Repurchase Date;

(vii)that Holders shall be entitled to withdraw their election if the Co-Issuers, the Notes Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the case
may be, receives, not later than the expiration of the ECF Repurchase Offer Period, a facsimile or other electronic transmission or letter
setting forth the name of the Holder, the principal amount of the Notes the Holder delivered for purchase and a statement that such Holder
is withdrawing his election to have such Notes purchased;

(viii)that, if the aggregate principal amount of Notes surrendered by the Holders thereof exceeds the amount that can be repurchased
with the Required Excess Cash Flow for such Payment Date, the Trustee shall select the Notes (while the Notes are in global form pursuant
to the procedures of the Notes Depositary) to be purchased on a pro rata basis based on the principal amount of the Notes tendered
(with such adjustments as may be deemed appropriate by the Co-Issuers so that only Notes in denominations of $1.00, or integral multiples
of $1.00 in excess thereof, shall remain outstanding after such purchase) to the extent practicable, or, if the pro rata basis
is not practicable for any reason, by lot or by such other method as most nearly approximates a pro rata basis subject to customary
procedures of the Notes Depositary; and

(ix)that Holders whose Notes were purchased only in part shall be issued new Notes (or allocated an applicable beneficial interest
in the applicable Global Note) equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered (or transferred by book-entry
transfer) representing the same indebtedness to the extent not repurchased.

107

(e) To the extent that the aggregate principal amount of Notes validly tendered or otherwise surrendered in connection with
an ECF Repurchase Offer is less than the Required Excess Cash Flow, the Co-Issuers may, after purchasing all such Notes validly tendered
and not withdrawn, use the remaining Required Excess Cash Flow for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture. If the aggregate
principal amount of the Notes validly tendered pursuant to any ECF Repurchase Offer exceeds the Required Excess Cash Flow, the Co-Issuers
will allocate the Required Excess Cash Flow to purchase Notes on a pro rata basis on the basis of the aggregate principal amount
of tendered Notes; provided that no Notes will be selected and purchased in an unauthorized denomination. Upon completion of any
repurchase of Notes in an ECF Repurchase Offer, the amount of Required Excess Cash Flow shall be reset at zero.

(f)On or before the ECF Repurchase Date, the Co-Issuers shall, to the extent lawful, (1) accept for payment, on a pro rata
basis to the extent necessary, the Notes or portions thereof validly tendered pursuant to the ECF Repurchase Offer, or if the aggregate
ECF Offer Repurchase Price for all Notes so tendered in such ECF Repurchase Offer does not exceed the total amount of Required Excess
Cash Flow, all Notes tendered and (2) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers
Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions thereof so tendered.

(g)The Trustee, the Notes Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall promptly mail or deliver to each tendering
Holder from amounts held in the ECF Account an amount equal to the repurchase price of the Notes properly tendered by such Holder and
accepted by the Co-Issuers for repurchase, and the Co-Issuers shall promptly issue a new Note, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication
Order, shall authenticate and mail or deliver (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) such new Note to such Holder (it being understood
that, notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary, no Opinion of Counsel or Officers Certificate is required for
the Trustee to authenticate and mail or deliver such new Note) in a principal amount equal to any unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered
representing the same indebtedness to the extent not repurchased; provided, that each such new Note shall be in a minimum denomination
of $1.00 or an integral multiple of $1.00 in excess thereof. Any Note not so accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by the Co-Issuers
to the Holder thereof. The Co-Issuers shall publicly announce the results of the ECF Repurchase Offer on or as soon as practicable after
the ECF Repurchase Date.

(h)The Co-Issuers will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and
regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result
of an ECF Repurchase Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations, including Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange
Act, conflict with the provisions of this Indenture, the Co-Issuers shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations described in
this Indenture by virtue of compliance therewith.

Section
4.23Offer
to Repurchase Upon Parent Change of Control.

(a)If a Parent Change of Control occurs, each Holder of Notes will have the right to require the Co-Issuers to repurchase all
or any part of that Holders Notes pursuant to an offer (a Parent Change of Control Offer) at a purchase price
in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased
to the date of repurchase (the Parent Change of Control Payment), subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on the
relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Payment Date. Within thirty (30) days following any Parent Change of Control,
the Co-Issuers will mail or send electronically pursuant to applicable DTC procedures a notice to each Holder and the Trustee describing
the transaction or transactions that constitute the Parent Change of Control and offering to repurchase Notes on the date specified in
the notice (the Parent Change of

108

Control Payment Date),
which date will be no earlier than thirty (30) days and no later than sixty (60) days from the date such notice is mailed or sent, pursuant
to the procedures required by this Indenture and described in such notice and stating:

(i)that the Parent Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 4.23
and that all Notes tendered will be accepted for payment;

(ii)the purchase price and the Parent Change of Control Payment Date, which shall be no
earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent;

(iii)that any Note not tendered will continue to accrue interest;

(iv)that, unless the Co-Issuers default in the payment of the Parent Change of Control
Payment, all Notes accepted for payment pursuant to the Parent Change of Control Offer will
cease to accrue interest after the Parent Change of Control Payment Date;

(v)that Holders of Notes electing to have any Notes purchased pursuant to a Parent Change
of Control Offer will be required to surrender the Notes, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase attached
to the Notes completed, or transfer such Notes by book-entry transfer, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice prior
to the close of business on the third Business Day preceding the Parent Change of Control
Payment Date; and

(vi)that Holders of Notes will be entitled to withdraw their election if the Paying Agent receives, not later than the close of business
on the second Business Day preceding the Parent Change of Control Payment Date, a facsimile
or other electronic transmission or letter setting forth the name of the Holder, the principal amount of Notes delivered for purchase,
and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing its election to have the Notes purchased.

The Co-Issuers will
provide a copy of such notice to the Trustee.

The Co-Issuers will comply with
the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws
and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Parent Change of Control. To the extent
that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Section 4.23, the Co-Issuers will
comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section
4.23 by virtue of such compliance.

(b)On the Parent Change of Control Payment Date, the Co-Issuers will, to the extent lawful:

(i)accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Parent Change of Control Offer;

(ii)deposit with the paying agent an amount equal to the Parent Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes
properly tendered; and

109

(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating
the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased by the Co-Issuers.

(c)The paying agent will promptly mail or otherwise pay in accordance with this Indenture and applicable DTC procedures to
each Holder of Notes properly tendered the Parent Change of Control Payment for the Notes, and the Co-Issuers will issue and the Trustee
will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new note equal in principal amount to
any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any.

(d)The provisions of this Section 4.23 that require the Co-Issuers to make a Parent Change of Control Offer following
a Parent Change of Control will be applicable whether or not any other provisions of this Indenture are applicable.

(e)The Co-Issuers will not be required to make a Parent Change of Control Offer upon a Parent Change of Control if (1) a third
party makes the Parent Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth
in this Indenture applicable to a Parent Change of Control Offer made by the Co-Issuers and purchases all Notes properly tendered and
not withdrawn under the Parent Change of Control Offer, or (2) notice of redemption with respect to all Notes has been given pursuant
to Section 3.07 unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price; and a Parent Change of Control
Offer may be made in advance of a Parent Change of Control, conditioned upon the consummation of such Parent Change of Control, if a definitive
agreement is in place for the Parent Change of Control at the time the Parent Change of Control Offer is made. If a Parent Change of Control
occurs at a time when the Co-Issuers are prohibited, by the terms of any of their indebtedness, from purchasing the Notes, the Co-Issuers
may seek the consent of their lenders to the purchase of the Notes or may attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain such prohibition.
If the Co-Issuers do not obtain such a consent or repay such borrowings, they would remain prohibited from purchasing the Notes. In such
case, the Co-Issuers failure to offer to purchase the Notes shall constitute an Event of Default under this Indenture. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Co-Issuers failure to offer to purchase the Notes shall constitute an Event of Default under Section
6.02(a)(iii) and not Section 6.02(a)(i), but the failure of the Co-Issuers to pay the Parent Change of Control Payment when
due shall constitute an Event of Default under Section 6.02(a)(i).

(f)If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw
the Notes in a Parent Change of Control Offer and the Co-Issuers, or any third party making a Parent Change of Control Offer in lieu of
the Co-Issuers, purchase all of such Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Co-Issuers will have the right, upon
not less than twenty (20) nor more than sixty (60) days prior notice, given not more than thirty (30) days following such purchase
pursuant to the Parent Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at
a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to but not
including the date of redemption (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest on the relevant
interest payment date).

Section
4.24Maintenance
of Office or Agency.

(a)The Co-Issuers shall maintain an office or agency (which may be an office of the Trustee or an affiliate of the Trustee,
Registrar or co-registrar) where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to
or upon the Co-Issuers in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Co-Issuers shall give prompt written notice to the
Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Co-

110

Issuers shall fail to maintain any such required
office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may
be made at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.

(b)The Co-Issuers may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented
or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, that no such designation
or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Co-Issuers of their obligation to maintain an office or agency for such purposes. The Co-Issuers
shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other
office or agency.

(c)The Co-Issuers hereby designate the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee as one such office or agency of the Co-Issuers
in accordance with Section 2.03 hereof; provided, that no service of legal process on the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor may
be made at any office of the Trustee.

Section
4.25Taxes.

Each Obligor shall pay, and
cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay, all material taxes, assessments, and governmental levies before the same shall become more than
ninety (90) days delinquent, other than taxes, assessments and levies (i) being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and
(ii) the failure to effect such payment of which are not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.26Stay,
Extension and Usury Laws.

Each Obligor covenants (to the
extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit
or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that may affect the covenants
in or the performance of this Indenture; and each Obligor (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit
or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any
power herein granted to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no
such law has been enacted.

Section
4.27Compliance
with Laws.

Spirit shall comply, and cause
each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to
it or its property, except where such noncompliance, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, Spirit will maintain in effect policies and procedures intended to ensure compliance
by Spirit, its Subsidiaries and, when acting in such capacity, their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption
Laws and applicable Sanctions.

Section
4.28Regulatory
Matters; Citizenship, Utilization; Collateral Requirements.

(a) Spirit
will:

(1) maintain
at all times its status as an air carrier within the meaning of Section 40102(a)(2) of Title 49, and hold a certificate
under Section 41102(a)(1) of Title 49;

(2) be
a United States Citizen;

111

(3) maintain
at all times its status at the FAA as an air carrier and hold an air carrier operating certificate under Section 44705 of
Title 49 and operations specifications issued by the FAA pursuant to Parts 119 and 121 of Title 14 as currently in effect or as may be
amended or recodified from time to time;

(4) possess
and maintain all necessary certificates, exemptions, franchises, licenses, permits, designations, rights, concessions, authorizations,
frequencies and consents that are material to the operation of the Free Spirit Program and the Pledged Slots operated by it, and to the
conduct of its business and operations as currently conducted, except to the extent that any failure to possess or maintain would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect;

(5) maintain
Pledged Gate Leaseholds sufficient to ensure its ability to service the flights using its Pledged Slots, except to the extent that any
failure to maintain would not reasonably be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect;

(6) utilize
its Pledged Slots in a manner consistent with applicable regulations, rules and contracts (including FAA directives, orders and waivers)
in order to preserve its right to hold and use its Pledged Slots, except to the extent that any failure to utilize would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect; and

(7) cause
to be done all things reasonably necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its rights in and to use its Pledged Slots, including
satisfying any applicable Use or Lose Rule, except to the extent that any failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Without
in any way limiting Section 4.28(a) hereof, Spirit will promptly take all such steps as may be necessary to maintain, renew and obtain,
or obtain the use of, Pledged Gate Leaseholds as needed for its continued and future operations using the Pledged Slots. Spirit will further
take all actions reasonably necessary or advisable in order to have access to its Pledged Gate Leaseholds. Spirit will pay any applicable
filing fees and other expenses related to the submission of applications, renewal requests, and other filings as may be reasonably necessary
to have access to its Pledged Gate Leaseholds.

Section
4.29[Reserved].

Section
4.30Further
Assurances.

(a)In each case, subject to the terms, conditions and limitations in the Notes Documents, each Co-Issuer and other Guarantor
shall execute any and all further documents and instruments, and take all further actions, that may be required or advisable under applicable
law or that the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, in order to create, grant, establish, preserve, protect and perfect the validity,
perfection and priority of the Liens and security interests created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents, including but
not limited to making entries in the registers of mortgages and charges of each Co-Issuer and Cayman Guarantor maintained at its registered
office, in each case to the extent required under this Indenture or the Collateral Documents.

(b)[Reserved.]

(c)Pursuant to the Notes Documents, and subject to certain limitations herein and therein, Spirit may identify one or more
co-branding, partnering or similar agreements related to or entered into in connection with the Free Spirit Program to constitute Retained
Agreements, provided that the

112

aggregate amount of Retained Agreement Revenues
over the preceding four Quarterly Reporting Periods (or, in the case of the first three Quarterly Reporting Periods, since the Closing
Date) must be less than 5.0% of the Free Spirit Program Revenues over the same period. If the aggregate amount of Retained Agreement Revenues
in any applicable test period (determined on each Determination Date) is greater than or equal to 5.0% of the Free Spirit Program Revenues
over such period, Spirit shall promptly assign the payment rights under one or more Retained Agreements to the Loyalty Issuer such that
the aggregate amount of revenues produced by the Retained Agreements not so assigned is less than 5.0% of the Free Spirit Program Revenues
in such period on a pro forma basis. All of the Loyalty Issuers rights under the Retained Agreements assigned to it shall be pledged
as Collateral on a first lien basis and each such assigned Retained Agreement shall thereafter be a Free Spirit Agreement and not a Retained
Agreement. The terms of each Free Spirit Agreement entered into following the Closing Date will provide that (i) the counterparty thereto
will deposit all payments directly into the Loyalty Collection Account, (ii) acknowledge and agree to the assignment of all payment rights
thereunder to the Loyalty Issuer and (iii) consent to the pledge of the Obligors rights, title and interest in such agreement as
the Collateral.

(d)Promptly after the date upon which it is permissible to transfer and assign any Specified IP, Spirit and the Cayman Guarantors
shall, if such Specified IP is not transferred and assigned pursuant to an existing Contribution Agreement, execute and deliver one or
more Contribution Agreements together with all further documents and instruments that may be required and advisable, and take all further
actions that may be required or advisable under applicable law or that the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, to transfer and assign
all of such Guarantors right, title and interest in and to such Specified IP to the applicable Co-Issuer, and shall promptly provide
the Trustee and the Collateral Agent copies of any such documents.

(e)If Spirit or any other Grantor acquires or creates another Subsidiary after the Closing Date, then Spirit will promptly
cause such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor by executing and delivering a supplemental indenture to this Indenture, the form of which
is attached as Exhibit D hereto; provided, that any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary or that is an Excluded Subsidiary
need not become a Guarantor unless and until 30 days after such time as it becomes a Material Subsidiary or ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary
or such time as it guarantees, or pledges any property or assets to secure, any other Material Indebtedness of Spirit or any of its other
Subsidiaries.

(f)If (x) Spirit or any other Grantor acquires any other assets that are not Excluded Property or (y) any Subsidiary becomes
a Guarantor, Spirit shall, in each case, promptly (and in any event within forty-five (45) days of the acquisition of such assets or such
Subsidiary becoming a Guarantor, as applicable) and at its own expense:

(A)cause Spirit or any such Subsidiary to become a party to each applicable Collateral Document and all other agreements, instruments
or documents that create or purport to create and perfect a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens, including, in the case of
any Revolving Priority Collateral, the first priority Lien securing any Credit Facility incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(b)(vi)
that is senior to the Lien thereon securing the Notes) in favor of the Collateral Agent, by executing and delivering to the Collateral
Agent joinders to all applicable Collateral Documents or pursuant to new Collateral Documents, as the case may be, in substantially the
same form as the Collateral Documents or the joinders to the Collateral Documents, as applicable, delivered on or about the Closing Date,
it being understood that:

(i) Spirit shall not be required to enter into Account Control Agreements with respect to any cash or Cash
Equivalent of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries or any deposit account or securities that is in the name of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries,
except to the extent required by Section 4.10(c) (it being understood that this sub-clause

113

(i) shall not apply to any cash or Cash
Equivalents of a SPV Party or any deposit account or securities account in the name of any SPV Party);

(ii) in the case of Eligible Aircraft and any Engine (including any spare Engine), the applicable Collateral
Documents shall be the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage, which shall include a pledge of any QEC Kit associated with any such Engine;

(iii) in the case of Eligible Spare Parts, the applicable Collateral Documents shall be the Spare Parts Security
Agreement;

(iv) in the case of Eligible Slots (including Gate Leaseholds), the applicable Collateral Documents shall be
the Slot and Gate Security Agreement;

(v) in the case of Flight Simulators, acquired by Spirit or any Subsidiary thereof after the Closing Date
(other than Flight Simulators located on Pledged Real Property Assets or on Material Real Property Assets subject to the terms and conditions
of Section 4.34), Spirit shall file UCC-1 fixture filings in the real property records in the county in which such Flight Simulators are
located;

(vi) in the case of Titled Ground Support Equipment, the applicable Grantor shall (x) submit all required applications
and documentation to the applicable government authority to record the Collateral Agents security interest on such certificate
of title (or local equivalent), (y) deliver an original or certified copy of such certificates of title (or local equivalent) to the Collateral
Agent or its designated agent and (z) provide evidence confirming that the Collateral Agents security interest therein has been
duly recorded in the jurisdiction where the certificate of title (or local equivalent) is registered; provided that Spirit shall, on a
semi-annual basis of each calendar year, cause all Titled Ground Support Equipment that is not subject to a perfected Lien in favor of
the Collateral Agent at such time to become subject to a perfected Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this sub-clause (vi);

(vii) in the case of Material Real Property Assets, such assets shall be subject to the terms and conditions
of Section 4.34; and

(viii) in the case of any other assets of a type that is not already included in the Collateral (other than Aircraft,
Engines, Spare Parts, Slots, Gate Leaseholds and Real Property Assets), such assets may be subject to such additional terms and conditions
to the extent necessary to perfect Liens thereon in favor of the Collateral Agent and as may be customarily required by lenders or creditors
in similar financings of a similar size for similarly situated borrowers or issuers secured by the same type of Collateral, in each case,
as determined by Spirit in good faith;

(B)execute and deliver (or cause such Subsidiary to execute and deliver) to the Trustee and/or the Collateral Agent such documents
and take such actions to create, grant, establish, preserve and perfect the first priority Liens (subject to Permitted Liens, including,
in the case of any Revolving Priority Collateral, the first priority Lien securing any Credit Facility incurred pursuant to Section
4.09(b)(vi) that is senior to the Lien securing the Notes) in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Senior Secured
Parties on such assets of Spirit or such Subsidiary, as applicable, to secure the Obligations to the extent required under the applicable
Collateral Documents or reasonably requested by the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or the Required

114

Debtholders, and to cause such Collateral
to not be subject to any other Liens other than Permitted Liens; and

(C)if reasonably requested by the Required Debtholders, deliver to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Senior
Secured Parties, a written opinion of appropriate counsel to Spirit or such Subsidiary, as applicable, with respect to the matters described
in the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), in each case within twenty (20) Business Days after the addition of such Collateral, which written
opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to counsel to the Required Debtholders.

Section
4.31Collateral
Ownership.

Subject to the provisions of
(including the actions permitted under) Section 4.11 and Article 5, the Contribution Agreements and the IP Licenses, each
Grantor will continue to maintain its interest in and right to use all property and assets so long as such property and assets constitute
Collateral.

Section
4.32Mandatory
Prepayments

To the extent not applied in
accordance with Section 3.08 and Section 3.09, the Co-Issuers shall cause (including, if applicable, by directing the Trustee
to cause) an amount equal to (a) in the case of Section 3.08, the applicable Applied Mandatory Prepayment Amount and/or (b) in
the case of Section 3.09, the relevant Applicable Mandatory Repurchase Offer Proceeds, to be deposited promptly into a Collection
Account, which amounts shall be applied in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement.

Section
4.33Insurance

Spirit shall:

(1) keep
all Collateral (other than the Mortgaged Collateral, as to which only the insurance provisions of the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage
shall be applicable, and Pledged Spare Parts, Pledged Ground Support Equipment, and Pledged Real Property Assets, as to which only the
insurance provisions of the applicable Collateral Document shall be applicable) that is tangible property insured at all times, against
such risks, including risks insured against by extended coverage, as is prudent and customary with U.S.-based companies of the same or
similar size in the same or similar businesses;

(2) maintain
in full force and effect public liability insurance against claims for personal injury or death or property damage occurring upon, in,
about or in connection with the use of the tangible Collateral (other than the Mortgaged Collateral, as to which only the insurance provisions
of the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage shall be applicable, and Pledged Spare Parts, Pledged Ground Support Equipment, and Pledged
Real Property Assets, as to which only the insurance provisions of the applicable Collateral Document shall be applicable) owned, occupied
or controlled by Spirit, in such amounts and with such deductibles as are prudent and customary with U.S.-based companies of the same
or similar size in the same or similar businesses and in the same geographic area; and

(3) maintain
such other insurance or self-insurance as may be required by law, except where such noncompliance would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section
4.34Pledged
Real Property Assets

115

The applicable Grantors shall
deliver to the Collateral Agent and the Trustee the following within 90 days (which may be extended with the consent of the Collateral
Agent acting reasonably) of acquiring any Material Real Property Assets after the Closing Date (unless waived by the Required Debtholders
in their sole discretion):

(a) a
Real Property Mortgage encumbering each Material Real Property Asset in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Senior Secured
Parties, duly executed and acknowledged by Spirit or the applicable Subsidiary that is the owner or holder of such Material Real Property
Asset, and otherwise in form for recording in the recording office of each applicable political subdivision where each such Material Real
Property Asset is situated, together with such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be reasonably and customarily
required by the Title Company in connection with the recording or filing thereof to create a lien under applicable requirements of law,
and such financing statements and any other instruments necessary to grant a mortgage lien under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction,
all of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel to the Required Debtholders; provided that Spirit shall
have used commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Title Company to record such Real Property Mortgage in the applicable jurisdiction;

(b) with
respect to each Pledged Real Property Asset, such consents, approvals, amendments, supplements, estoppels (but only to the extent obtained),
tenant subordination agreements (unless the applicable tenants lease provides for automatic subordination) or other instruments
as necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Notes Documents or as reasonably necessary in order for the owner or holder
of the fee interest constituting such Pledged Real Property Asset to grant the Lien contemplated by the Real Property Mortgage with respect
to such Pledged Real Property Asset and the owner thereof;

(c) with
respect to each Real Property Mortgage, either a bringdown of an existing title policy or a loan policy of title insurance (or marked
up title insurance commitment having the effect of a loan policy of title insurance) insuring the Lien of such Real Property Mortgage
as a valid first mortgage Lien on the Pledged Real Property Asset in an appropriate amount based on similar financings of a similar size
for similarly situated borrowers or issuers secured by the same type of Collateral (as determined by Spirit in good faith) not to exceed
the Fair Market Value of such Pledged Real Property Asset (subject to Permitted Liens), which policy (or such marked-up commitment) (each,
a Title Policy) shall (A) be issued by a Title Company, (B) to the extent necessary and available, include such reinsurance
arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if necessary) as shall be reasonably acceptable to counsel to the Required Debtholders,
(C) contain a tie-in or cluster endorsement, if available under applicable law (i.e., policies which insure
against losses regardless of location or allocated value of the insured property up to a stated maximum coverage amount), (D) have been
supplemented by such customary endorsements (if available in the applicable jurisdiction of the Pledged Real Property Asset) as shall
be reasonably requested by the Required Debtholders (including endorsements on matters relating to usury, first loss, zoning, contiguity,
revolving credit, doing business, public road access, survey, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision, mortgage recording tax,
separate tax lot, and so-called comprehensive coverage over covenants and restrictions); provided that to the extent that any such endorsement(s)
or other documentation cannot be issued or is not available due to the state or condition of the Pledged Real Property Asset, and such
state or condition existed on the date of the pledge of such Pledged Real Property Asset and such state or condition does not materially
and adversely affect the use or the value of such Pledged Real Property Asset for the business of Spirit and its Affiliates, Spirit shall
have no obligation to procure such endorsement or other documentation, and (E) contain no exceptions to title other than Permitted Liens
and other

116

exceptions reasonably acceptable to
counsel to the Required Debtholders or a datedown endorsement on the existing Title Policy for each existing Real Property Mortgage;

(d) with
respect to each Pledged Real Property Asset, such affidavits, certificates, information and instruments of indemnification (including
a so-called gap indemnification) as shall be reasonably and customarily required to induce the Title Company to issue the
title policy/ies and endorsements contemplated above;

(e) evidence
reasonably acceptable to counsel to the Required Debtholders of payment by Spirit of all title policy premiums, search and examination
charges, escrow charges and related charges, mortgage recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of
the Real Property Mortgages and issuance of the title policies referred to above;

(f) with
respect to each Pledged Real Property Asset, copies of all leases in which Spirit or any Subsidiary holds the lessor's interest or other
agreements relating to possessory interests if any. To the extent any of the foregoing leases affect in any material respect any Pledged
Real Property Asset, such leases shall (x) be subordinate to the Lien of the Real Property Mortgage to be recorded against such Pledged
Real Property Asset, either expressly by its terms or pursuant to a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to counsel to the Required Debtholders, with respect to which Spirit or its applicable Subsidiary shall
have used its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and (y) shall otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Required Debtholders,
provided that, if Spirit is not notified by or on behalf of the Required Debtholders of rejection of the lease within 10 Business Days
from receipt of the lease, the lease shall be deemed to have been reasonably accepted by the Required Debtholders;

(g) Surveys
with respect to each Pledged Real Property Asset (or survey updates to the extent sufficient to obtain survey coverage under the title
policy); provided that, if Spirit is able to obtain a no change affidavit reasonably acceptable to the Title Company to
enable it to issue a Title Policy removing all exceptions which would otherwise have been raised by the Title Company as a result of the
absence of a new Survey for such Pledged Real Property Asset, and issuing all available survey related endorsements and coverages, then
a new Survey shall not be requested;

(h) in
the case of a Real Property Mortgage encumbering a leasehold interest in a Pledged Real Property Asset, (i) such estoppel letters, consents
and waivers from the landlord on such Pledged Real Property Asset as may be reasonably required by the Required Debtholders (with respect
to which Spirit or its applicable Subsidiary shall only be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain) and (ii) evidence
that the applicable lease, a memorandum of lease with respect thereto, or other evidence of such lease in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to counsel to the Required Debtholders, has been or will be recorded (provided that Spirit or its applicable Subsidiary shall
only be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to achieve such recording) in all places to the extent necessary, in the reasonable
judgment of Spirit (as determined in good faith), so as to enable the Real Property Mortgage encumbering such Pledged Real Property Asset
to effectively create a Lien on such leasehold interest, in each case, subject to the terms of the applicable lease; and

(i) a
local law enforceability opinion of counsel in the jurisdiction where each Pledged Real Property Asset is located relating to such Pledged
Real Property Asset described above, which opinion of counsel shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory
to counsel to the Required Debtholders.

117

Section
4.35 Liability Management Transactions

Spirit shall not, and Spirit
shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Liability Management Transaction (as defined below); provided that Spirit
and/or its Subsidiaries shall be permitted to enter into a Liability Management Transaction so long as each Holder is offered a bona fide
right to participate in such Liability Management Transaction, on a pro rata basis, on not less than ten (10) Business Days notice
prior to the deadline established by Spirit or the Co-Issuers for the Holders to elect to participate in such Liability Management Transaction.

As used herein, the term Liability
Management Transaction means:

(i)any exchange (or any transaction primarily designed to circumvent the restrictions set forth in this Article IV or contemporaneously
achieve the same effect as an exchange) of any existing Indebtedness of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (the Existing
LMT Debt) with any other Indebtedness and/or preferred Equity Interests of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates
(the New LMT Debt) in a transaction that is not primarily for a bona fide business purpose and instead would
be senior to the Existing LMT Debt in respect of payment or Liens or is issued by an entity that is not an Obligor under the Existing
LMT Debt on a non-pro rata basis into such New LMT Debt;

(ii)any Investment, asset sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of assets (including by way of division) to an Affiliate
of Spirit or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, that is not an Obligor (including any non-Obligor Subsidiary, Affiliate that is not
an Obligor or unrestricted subsidiary), in each case, to (a) facilitate a new capital raise or financing of Indebtedness
and/or any preferred Equity Interests incurred by such Person (including a debtor-in-possession financing) or (b) to guarantee existing
Indebtedness; or

(iii)any transaction whereby an obligation owed to an Affiliate of an Obligor (other than another Obligor) would directly or indirectly
be pari passu or senior (in right of payment or security) to the Notes.

Section
4.36Holdco
Guarantor.

The Holdco Guarantor will
not engage in any business other than its ownership of the capital stock of, and the management of, (A) Spirit and, indirectly, its Subsidiaries,
including the Co-Issuers, and (B) any future Subsidiary of the Holdco Guarantor so long as such Subsidiary becomes a Guarantor hereunder
in accordance with Section 4.30 and, in each case, any activities incidental thereto; provided that the Holdco Guarantor may engage
in those activities that are incidental to (i) the maintenance of its existence in compliance with applicable law, (ii) legal, tax and
accounting matters in connection with any of the foregoing or following activities, (iii) the entering into, and performing its obligations
under, this Indenture, the Transaction Documents, the Revolving Loan Documents and the other definitive documentation entered into in
connection with any of the foregoing, (iv) the issuance, sale or repurchase of its Equity Interests, the receipt of capital contributions
and the consummation of any equity offering (and the entry into, and exercise of rights and performance of obligations in respect of,
contracts and agreements relating to any of the foregoing), (v) the making of dividends or distributions on its Equity Interests, (vi)
the filing of registration statements, and compliance with applicable reporting and other obligations, under federal, state or other securities
laws, (vii) the listing of its equity securities and compliance with applicable reporting and other obligations in connection therewith,
(viii) the retention of (and the entry into, and exercise of rights and performance of obligations in respect of, contracts and agreements
with) transfer agents, private placement agents, underwriters, counsel, accountants and other advisors and consultants, (ix) the

118

performance of obligations under and compliance
with its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, or any applicable law, ordinance, regulation, rule, order, judgment, decree or permit,
including, without limitation, as a result of or in connection with the activities of its Subsidiaries, (x) the incurrence and payment
of its operating and business expenses and any taxes for which it may be liable (including reimbursement to Affiliates for such expenses
paid on its behalf) and (xi) the consummation of any other activity expressly contemplated by this Indenture to be engaged in by the Holdco
Guarantor or any direct or indirect parent company of the Parent, including, without limitation, repurchases of Indebtedness of the Parent
and entry into and performance of Guarantees of Indebtedness, and, subject to any applicable limitations set forth herein, other permitted
Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries; provided, further, that the Holdco Guarantor will cause Spirit to continue to apply the
terms of the collective bargaining agreement to Spirit pilots and to recognize The Airline Pilots Association, International as the representative
of Spirit pilots consistent with the Railway Labor Act.

Section
4.37Amendments
to Revolving Credit Agreement; Changes in Revolving Priority Collateral.

(a)Spirit shall not, and Spirit shall not permit any other Obligor to, without the prior written consent of the Required Debtholders,
amend, supplement or otherwise modify any provision of the Revolving Credit Agreement or any related Revolving Loan Document if such amendment,
supplement or other modification would:

(i)amend, supplement or otherwise modify the definition of Additional Collateral, the definition of Core Collateral,
the definition of Collateral Coverage Ratio, the definition of Eligible Collateral, Section 6.09(a) of the
Revolving Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Revolving Credit Agreement or any other Revolving Loan Document (or, in each
case, any of the component definitions included therein), in each case, to the extent such amendment, supplement or other modification
would (x) expand the scope or type of assets that can be included in the calculation of the Collateral Coverage Ratio or included as Revolving
Priority Collateral, (y) increase the minimum level of the Collateral Coverage Ratio required by Section 6.09(a) of the Revolving Credit
Agreement or (z) otherwise amend any of the foregoing in a manner that is materially adverse to Holders; or

(ii)amend, supplement or otherwise modify Section 6.09(c) of the Revolving Credit Agreement (or any component definition contained
therein) to the extent such amendment, supplement or other modification would (x) adversely affect the ability of Spirit to designate
Revolving Priority Collateral as Notes Priority Collateral under the terms of any Intercreditor Agreement or (y) affect the Holders in
a materially adverse manner.

Spirit shall not, and Spirit
shall not permit any other Obligor to, without the prior written consent of the Required Debtholders, enter into any subsequent Revolving
Credit Agreement or Credit Facility that replaces or refinances the Revolving Credit Agreement in effect on the Closing Date to the extent
the terms thereof are inconsistent with the terms of this Section 4.37(a).

(b)Spirit shall not, and shall not permit any other Obligor to, without the prior written consent of the Required Debtholders,
designate any Additional Revolving Priority Collateral pursuant to Section 6.19 of the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement
and/or Section 6.19 of the Notes Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement to the extent such designation would result in the Credit
Facility Coverage Ratio exceeding 1.05 to 1.00 after giving effect to such designation.

Section
4.38Post-Closing
Matters.

119

(a) Spirit and the Guarantors shall, to the extent not previously completed or provided on the Closing Date, within the time
periods set forth below (which may be extended with the reasonable consent of counsel to the Required Debtholders):

(i)within 90 days after the Closing Date, satisfy the requirements set forth in Section 4.34 with respect to all Material Real Property
Assets owned or held by any Obligor as of the Closing Date;

(ii)within 30 days after the Closing Date, (x) enter into amendments, waivers, supplements or other modifications to the IP Agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel to the Required Debtholders and (y) with respect to each Flight Simulator owned
by Spirit or any other Grantor as of the Closing Date (other than a Flight Simulator located on a Pledged Real Property Asset), file UCC-1
fixture filings naming the Collateral Agent as secured party with respect to each such Flight Simulator in the real property records (or
local equivalent) of the county in which such Flight Simulator is physically located; and

(iii)within 60 days after the Closing Date, with respect to policies provided by U.S. insurers, deliver current ACORD certificates evidencing
that the Obligors maintain the insurance policies required under this Indenture and any Collateral Documents, together with endorsements
thereto naming the Collateral Agent as loss payee and/or mortgagee, as applicable, and naming the Collateral Agent as an additional insured
under the Grantors liability insurance policies.

(b)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Notes Documents, in connection with this Section
4.38, by its acceptance of the Notes, each Holder of the Notes hereby agrees that, upon delivery by Required Debtholders counsel
to the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, of any documentation as contemplated by this Section 4.38 and the related provisions
of this Indenture and the other Notes Documents, each Holder shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied
with, each document or other matter required hereunder and under the other Notes Documents to be consented to or approved by or acceptable
or satisfactory to such Holder in connection with the matters contemplated by this Section 4.38 and to have authorized and directed each
of the Trustee and Collateral Agent, as applicable, to execute any such documentation to which the Trustee and/or the Collateral Agent
is a party in such form as provided to it by counsel to the Required Debtholders.

Article
5 

SUCCESSORS

Section
5.01Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets.

(a)Neither the Holdco Guarantor nor Spirit shall directly or indirectly: (i) consolidate or merge with or into another Person
(whether or not the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit is the surviving corporation) or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose
of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Holdco Guarantor, Spirit and their Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in one
or more related transactions, to another Person, unless:

(i)either: (A) the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit is the surviving corporation or (B) the Person formed by or surviving any such
consolidation or merger (if other than the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other
disposition has been made is an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the
District of Columbia and, if such entity

120

is not a corporation, a co-obligor of
the Notes is a corporation organized or existing under any such laws;

(ii)the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit) or the Person
to which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition has been made assumes all the obligations of the Holdco Guarantor
and Spirit under the Transaction Documents pursuant to agreements reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee

(iii)immediately after such transaction, no Event of Default exists; and

(iv)Spirit shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that such consolidation, merger or transfer complies
with this Indenture and the other Collateral Documents.

(b)Spirit will not, directly or indirectly, lease all or substantially all of the properties and assets of Spirit and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any other Person.

(c)The requirements set forth in Section 5.01(a) will not apply to any Permitted Parent Reorganization or to any sale,
assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition of assets between or among the Holdco Guarantor, Spirit and/or any Subsidiary
of the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit that, immediately following such transaction, guarantees the Notes on a senior unsubordinated secured
basis pursuant to the applicable Transaction Documents and assume all other obligations pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

(d)No SPV Party shall: (i) consolidate or merge with or into another Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate
with it, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties, in one or more
related transactions, to another Person.

Section
5.02Successor
Corporation Substituted.

Upon any consolidation or merger,
or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the
Holdco Guarantor or Spirit in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions of Section 5.01(a), the successor
Person formed by such consolidation or into or with which the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit is merged or to which such sale, assignment,
transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such consolidation, merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition, the provisions of this Indenture referring
to the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit, as applicable, shall refer instead to the successor Person and not to the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit),
and may exercise every right and power of the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor
Person had been named as the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit herein provided, however, that the Holdco Guarantor or Spirit,
if applicable, shall not be relieved from the obligation to pay the principal of, and interest, if any, on the Notes except in the case
of a sale of all of the Holdco Guarantors assets or Spirits assets in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies
with the provisions of Section 5.01(a).

Article
6 

121

CASH TRAP, DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

Section
6.01Cash
Trap.

(a)The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute a Cash Trap Event:

(i)the Debt Service Coverage Ratio Test as set forth in the related Payment Date Statement is not satisfied on any Determination Date;

(ii)the balance in the Notes Reserve Account is less than the Notes Reserve Account Required Balance on any Payment Date after giving
effect to the deposits set forth in Section 4.01 on such Payment Date; or

(iii)the Co-Issuers have received written notice from the Trustee, or a Co-Issuer has actual knowledge, that an Event of Default shall
have occurred and is continuing.

(b)In the case of the occurrence of any Cash Trap Event, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the Permitted Noteholders
shall, provide written notice to the Co-Issuers that a Cash Trap Event has occurred.

Section
6.02Events
of Default.

(a)Each of the following is an Event of Default:

(i)default in any payment of:

(A)any principal amount or premium, if any, on any of the Notes when such amount becomes due and payable;

(B)any interest on the Notes and such default shall have continued for a period of more than 30 days; or

(C)any other amount payable under this Indenture when due and such default shall have continued unremedied for more than thirty
(30) days after the earlier of (x) a Responsible Officer of an Obligor obtaining knowledge of such default or (y) receipt by an Obligor
of notice from the Trustee of such default; provided that, if any default shall have been made by any Obligor in the due observance
or performance of the covenants set forth in Article 4 hereof it shall not constitute a default under this Section 6.02(a)(i)(C);
or

(ii)default shall have been made by any Obligor in the due observance or performance of any of the covenants in Section 4.02(a),
Section 4.03(a), Section 4.04, Section 4.05 or Section 4.15 and such default shall continue unremedied for
more than ten (10) Business Days after the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of an Obligor obtaining knowledge of such default or (ii)
receipt by an Obligor of notice from the Trustee of such default; or

(iii)default by any Obligor in the due observance or performance of any other covenant, condition or agreement to be observed or performed
by it pursuant to the terms

122

of this Indenture or any of the other
Notes Documents and such default continues unremedied or uncured for more than thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) a Responsible
Officer of an Obligor obtaining knowledge of such default or (ii) receipt by an Obligor of notice from the Trustee of such default; or

(iv)(A) any material provision of this Indenture or of any Notes Documents to which any Obligor is a party ceases to be a valid and
binding obligation of such party, or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of any Notes
Documents, (B) the Lien on any material portion of the Collateral intended to be created by the Collateral Documents shall cease to be
or shall not be a valid and perfected Lien having the priorities contemplated in this Indenture (subject to Permitted Liens, and except
as permitted by the terms of this Indenture and the other Collateral Documents or other than as a result of the action, delay or inaction
of the Trustee) or (C) the Note Guarantee set forth in Article 10 shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall
be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of such Note Guarantee, or any Guarantor shall fail to comply
with any of the terms or provisions of such Note Guarantee, or any Guarantor shall deny that it has any further liability under such Note
Guarantee; or

(v)any Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries (A) commences a voluntary case or procedure, (B) consents to the entry of an order
for relief against it in an involuntary case, (C) consents to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator, provisional liquidator,
custodian, conservator or other similar official of it or for all or substantially all of its property, (D) makes a general assignment
for the benefit of its creditors, (E) admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (F) proposes or
passes a resolution for its voluntary winding up or liquidation; or

(vi)a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(A)is for relief against any Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries;

(B)appoints a receiver, trustee, liquidator, provisional liquidator, custodian, conservator or other similar official of any
Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries or for all or substantially all of the property of any Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries;
or

(C)orders the liquidation of any Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries, in each case, the order or decree remains unstayed
and in effect for sixty (60) consecutive days; or

(vii)failure by any SPV Party, Spirit, or any of Spirits Material Subsidiaries to pay one or more final judgments entered by
a court or courts of competent jurisdiction aggregating in excess of $50.0 million (determined net of amounts covered by insurance policies
issued by creditworthy insurance companies or by third party indemnities or a combination thereof), which judgments are not paid, discharged,
bonded, satisfied or stayed for a period of sixty (60) days; or

(viii)(A) any Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries shall default in the performance of any obligation relating to Material Indebtedness
and any applicable grace periods shall have expired and any applicable notice requirements shall have been

123

complied with, and as a result of such
default the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders shall have caused
such Material Indebtedness to become due prior to its scheduled final maturity date or (B) any Obligor or any of its Material Subsidiaries
shall default in the payment of the outstanding principal amount due on the scheduled final maturity date of any Indebtedness outstanding
under one or more agreements of such Obligor or such Material Subsidiary, any applicable grace periods shall have expired and such failure
to make payment when due shall be continuing for a period of more than five (5) consecutive Business Days following the applicable scheduled
final maturity date thereunder, in an aggregate principal amount at any time unpaid exceeding $50.0 million; or

(ix)(A) any SPV Party shall default in the performance of any obligation relating to Material Indebtedness and any applicable grace
periods shall have expired and any applicable notice requirements shall have been complied with, and as a result of such default the holder
or holders of such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders shall have caused, or shall be entitled
or have the right to cause, such Material Indebtedness to become due prior to its scheduled final maturity date or (B) any SPV Party shall
default in the payment of the outstanding principal amount due on the scheduled final maturity date of any Indebtedness outstanding under
one or more agreements of such party, any applicable grace periods shall have expired following the applicable scheduled final maturity
date thereunder, in an aggregate principal amount at any time unpaid exceeding $50.0 million; or

(x)a termination of a Plan of any Obligor pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect; or

(xi)(A) an exit from, or a termination or cancellation of, the Free Spirit Program, (B) an exit from, or a termination or cancellation
of, the Saver$ Club program as a whole by Spirit (and not any individual termination or cancellation by a consumer), or (C) any termination,
expiration or cancellation of (1) any IP Agreement, (2) the Spirit Intercompany Loan or (3) a Significant Free Spirit Agreement for which,
solely in the case of this clause (3), a Permitted Replacement Free Spirit Agreement is not entered into as of the effective date of such
termination, expiration or cancellation; or

(xii)any Obligor makes a Material Modification to any Significant Free Spirit Agreement, any IP Agreement, or the Spirit Intercompany
Loan without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Debtholders); or

(xiii)[reserved]; or

(xiv)[reserved]; or

(xv)a Co-Issuer Change of Control.

(b)Subject to the terms of the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement and each other applicable Intercreditor Agreement,
after (i) the occurrence and continuance of a Bankruptcy Default or (ii) the occurrence and continuance of any other Event of Default
of which the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Required Debtholders) or the Trustee (at the direction of the Permitted Noteholders)
has provided the Co-Issuers (with a copy to the Collateral Agent, or the Trustee, as applicable) with at least two (2) Business Days
prior written notice that the Available Funds will be distributed pursuant to the priority set forth below, any payments, recoveries or
distributions received in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy

124

Laws, including adequate protection and Chapter
11 plan distributions, to the extent received by the Trustee shall be applied by the Trustee together with any Available Funds, as follows:

(i)first, (x) to the Collateral Agent, Fees, costs, expenses, reimbursements and indemnification amounts due and payable to
such Agent pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Documents and then (y) ratably, to the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian, Fees,
costs, expenses, reimbursements and indemnification amounts due and payable to such Agents pursuant to the terms of this Indenture or
the other Notes Documents;

(ii)second, to the Trustee, on behalf of the Holders, in the amount necessary to pay any due and unpaid interest on the Notes;

(iii)third, to the Trustee, on behalf of the Holders, in an amount equal to the amount necessary to pay the outstanding principal
balance of the Notes in full;

(iv)fourth, to pay to the Trustee on behalf of the Holders, any additional Obligations then due and payable, including any premium;
and

(v)fifth, all remaining amounts shall be deposited into a Collection Account as directed by the Co-Issuers (provided that the
Trustee shall have no obligation to make the distribution in this clause (v) in the absence of such direction by the Co-Issuers).

Section
6.03Remedies
Exercisable by the Trustee.

(a)Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time during the continuance thereof, the Trustee shall, at the request
of the Permitted Noteholders, by written notice to the Obligors and Holders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian),
take or direct, as applicable, one or more of the following actions, at the same or different times:

(i)declare the Notes or any portion thereof then outstanding to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the principal of the Notes
and other Obligations and all other liabilities of the Obligors accrued under this Indenture and under any other Collateral Document,
shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are expressly
waived by the Obligors, anything contained herein or in any other Collateral Document to the contrary notwithstanding;

(ii)provide notice to the Co-Issuers that any funds, payments, recoveries, distributions or Available Funds received shall be applied
as set forth in Section 6.02(b) rather than as set forth in Section 4.01;

(iii)subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreements and any limitations therein (including the limitation in Section 4.4 of the
Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement), set-off amounts in any Controlled Account or any other account (other than (w) accounts pledged
to secure other Indebtedness of any Obligor, (x) the Specified Accounts or (y) the Payroll Accounts) maintained with the Trustee, the
Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Agent or the Depositary (or any of their respective affiliates) and apply such amounts to the obligations
of the Obligors under this Indenture and the Collateral Documents; and

(iv)subject to the terms of the Collateral Documents and any limitations therein (including the limitation in Section 4.4 of the Collateral
Agency and Accounts

125

Agreement), exercise any and all remedies
under the Collateral Documents and under applicable law available to the Trustee, the Collateral Agent and the Holders.

(b)In case of any Bankruptcy Default, the actions and events in Section 6.03(a)(i) and Section 6.03(a)(ii)
hereof shall be required or taken automatically, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which will be
waived by the Obligors.

Section
6.04Waiver
of Past Defaults.

The Permitted Noteholders by
notice to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any existing Default and its consequences under this Indenture,
except a continuing Default in the payment of interest, principal and premium, if any, on any Note held by a non-consenting Holder; provided,
that subject to Section 6.03 hereof, the Permitted Noteholders may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any
related payment default that resulted from such acceleration. Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of
Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any
subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section
6.05Control
by Majority.

The Holders of a majority in
principal amount of the outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available
to the Trustee with respect to the Notes. However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture
or that, subject to Section 7.01, the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder of a Note or that
would subject the Trustee to personal liability; provided, however that the Trustee has no duty to determine whether any
such action is prejudicial to any Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes.

Section
6.06Limitation
on Suits.

(a)Subject to Section 6.07 hereof, no Holder of a Note may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes
unless:

(i)such Holder has previously given the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default is continuing;

(ii)Holders of at least 25.0% in aggregate principal amount of the total outstanding Notes have made a written request to the Trustee
to pursue the remedy;

(iii)Holders of the Notes have offered and, if requested, provide to the Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to the
Trustee against any loss, liability or expense;

(iv)the Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt thereof and the offer of security or indemnity;
and

(v)the Permitted Noteholders have not given the Trustee a direction inconsistent with such request within such 60-day period.

(b)A Holder of a Note may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder of a Note or to obtain a preference
or priority over another Holder of a Note.

Section
6.07Rights of Holders of Notes to Receive Payment.

126

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Indenture, the right of any Holder of a Note to receive payment of principal, interest and premium, if any, on the Notes, on or
after the respective due dates expressed in the Note (including in connection with a Mandatory Repurchase Offer, ECF Repurchase Offer,
or a Parent Change of Control Offer), or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates, shall
not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

Section
6.08Collection
Suit by Trustee.

If an Event of Default specified
in Section 6.02(a)(i) hereof occurs and is continuing, the Trustee is authorized to recover judgment in its own name and as trustee
of an express trust against the Co-Issuers for the whole amount of interest remaining unpaid, principal and premium, if any, on the Notes
and interest on overdue principal and, to the extent lawful, interest and such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs
and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and
counsel.

Section
6.09Restoration
of Rights and Remedies.

If the Trustee or any Holder
has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned
for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination
in such proceedings, the Co-Issuers, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions
hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding has been instituted.

Section
6.10Rights
and Remedies Cumulative.

Except as otherwise provided
with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes in Section 2.07 hereof, no right or remedy
herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every
right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder
or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise,
shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

Section
6.11Delay
or Omission Not Waiver.

No delay or omission of the
Trustee or of any Holder of any Note to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or
remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article
6 or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee
or by the Holders, as the case may be.

Section
6.12Trustee
May File Proofs of Claim.

The Trustee is authorized to
file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including
any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel), the Collateral
Custodian (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Collateral Custodian, its
agents and counsel) and the Holders of the Notes allowed in

127

any judicial proceedings relative to the Co-Issuers
(or any other obligor upon the Notes including the Guarantors), its creditors or its property and shall be entitled and empowered to participate
as a member in any official committee of creditors appointed in such matter and to collect, receive and distribute any money or other
property payable or deliverable on any such claims and any custodian in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder
to make such payments to the Trustee, and in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders,
to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, the Collateral
Custodian, their agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee or Collateral Custodian under Section 7.07 hereof. To
the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, the Collateral Custodian, their
agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall
be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends,
money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under
any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize
or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting
the Notes or the rights of any Holder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

Section
6.13Undertaking
for Costs.

In any suit for the enforcement
of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court
in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court
in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party litigant in the suit, having
due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 6.13 does not apply
to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder of a Note pursuant to Section 6.07 hereof, or a suit by Holders of more than 10.0%
in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes.

Article
7 

TRUSTEE

Section
7.01Duties
of Trustee.

(a)If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (which is known to the Trustee), the Trustee shall exercise such of
the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise as a prudent person would
exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs.

(b)Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i)the duties of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need perform only
those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into
this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(ii)in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness
of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture.
However, in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision

128

hereof are specifically required to be
furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements
of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).

(c)the Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its
own willful misconduct, except that:

(i)this Section 7.01(c) does not limit the effect of Section 7.01(b);

(ii)the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith, unless it is proved in a court of competent jurisdiction
that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

(iii)the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction
received by it pursuant to Section 6.06 hereof.

(d)Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is
subject to the provisions of this Article 7.

(e)The Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or
direction of any of the Holders of the Notes, unless the Holders have offered, and if requested, provided to the Trustee indemnity or
security satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense.

(f)The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with
the Co-Issuers. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

Section
7.02Rights
of Trustee and Collateral Custodian.

(a)The Trustee and the Collateral Custodian may conclusively rely upon any document believed by it to be genuine and to have
been signed or presented by the proper Person and upon any order or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Trustee and the Collateral
Custodian need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document, but the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian, in their discretion,
may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian
shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the
Co-Issuers, personally or by agent or attorney at the sole cost of Spirit and shall incur no liability or additional liability of any
kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation.

(b)Before the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian acts or refrains from acting, they may require an Officers Certificate
or an Opinion of Counsel or both. Neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Custodian shall be liable for any action it takes or omits to
take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee and the Collateral Custodian may
consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel or both shall be full and complete authorization
and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon.

129

(c) The Trustee and the Collateral Custodian may act through their attorneys and agents and shall not be responsible for the
misconduct or negligence of any agent or attorney appointed with due care.

(d)The Trustee and the Collateral Custodian shall not be liable for any action they take or omit to take in good faith that
they believe to be authorized or within the rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture.

(e)Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Co-Issuers shall
be sufficient if signed by a Responsible Officer of the Co-Issuers.

(f)None of the provisions of this Indenture shall require the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian to expend or risk their own
funds or otherwise to incur any liability, financial or otherwise, in the performance of any of their duties hereunder, or in the exercise
of any of their rights or powers if they shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or security or indemnity
satisfactory to them against such risk or liability is not assured to them.

(g)Neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Custodian shall be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless
a Responsible Officer of the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian, as applicable, has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice
of any event which is in fact such a Default is received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian, as applicable,
at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee or Collateral Custodian, respectively, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture.
Neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Custodian shall be responsible for knowledge of the terms and conditions of any other agreement,
instrument or document other than this Indenture and the other Collateral Documents to which it is party.

(h)In no event shall the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential
loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee or the Collateral
Custodian has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

(i)The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian, including
its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian in each of its capacities
hereunder and under the Collateral Documents, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder.

(j)The Trustee and the Collateral Custodian may request that the Co-Issuers and any Guarantor deliver an Officers Certificate
(upon which the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian may conclusively rely) setting forth the names of the individuals and/or titles of
Responsible Officers (with specimen signatures) authorized at such times to take specific actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officers
Certificate may be signed by any person specified as so authorized in any certificate previously delivered and not superseded.

(k)The Trustee and the Collateral Custodian shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance
of its powers and duties hereunder.

(l)The permissive right of the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian to take or refrain from taking any actions enumerated herein
shall not be construed as a duty.

130

(m) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into (i) the performance or observance by the Co-Issuers or any
other Person of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in this Indenture or in any related document,
(ii) the occurrence of any default, or the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Indenture, any related document
or any other agreement, instrument or document, (iii) the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by this
Indenture or any related document or (iv) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral.

(n)The Trustee shall not have any duty or responsibility in respect of (i) any recording, filing, or depositing of this Indenture
or any other agreement or instrument, monitoring or filing any financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest,
the maintenance of any such recording, filing or depositing or to any re-recording, re-filing or re-depositing of any thereof, or otherwise
monitoring the perfection, continuation of perfection or the sufficiency or validity of any security interest in or related to the Collateral,
(ii) the acquisition or maintenance of any insurance or (iii) the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge
or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Collateral.

(o)The Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture or to institute,
conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or in relation hereto, at the request, order or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to
the provisions of this Indenture or any related document, unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security, indemnity or
prefunding satisfactory to the Trustee, in its sole discretion, against the losses, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees and
expenses) and liabilities that might be incurred by the Trustee in compliance with such request, order or direction.

(p)Each Holder, by its acceptance of a Note hereunder, represents that it has, independently and without reliance upon the
Trustee or any other Person, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own investment decision
in respect of the Notes. Each Holder also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Trustee or any other Person,
and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own decisions in taking or
not taking action under this Indenture and in connection with the Notes. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required
to be furnished to the Holders by the Trustee hereunder, the Trustee shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Holder with
any other information concerning the Co-Issuers, the servicer or any other parties to any related documents which may come into the possession
of the Trustee or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives or attorneys-in-fact.

(q)If the Trustee requests instructions from the Co-Issuers or the Holders with respect to any action or omission in connection
with this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled (without incurring any liability therefor) to refrain from taking such action and continue
to refrain from acting unless and until the Trustee shall have received written instructions from the Co-Issuers or the Holders, as applicable,
with respect to such request.

(r)In no event shall the Trustee be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Indenture
or any related documents because of circumstances beyond the Trustees control, including, but not limited to, a failure, termination,
or suspension of a clearing house, securities depositary, settlement system or central payment system in any applicable part of the world
or acts of God, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), civil or military disturbances or hostilities, nuclear or natural catastrophes,
political unrest, explosion, severe weather or accident, earthquake, terrorism, fire, riot, labor disturbances, pandemics, strikes or
work stoppages for any reason, embargo, government action, including any laws, ordinances, regulations or the like (whether domestic,
federal, state, county or municipal or foreign) which delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of the services contemplated by this

131

Indenture or any related documents, or the unavailability
of communications or computer facilities, the failure of equipment or interruption of communications or computer facilities, or the unavailability
of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or communication facility, or any other causes beyond the Trustees control
whether or not of the same class or kind as specified above; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are
consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

(s)The Trustee shall not be liable for failing to comply with its obligations under this Indenture in so far as the performance
of such obligations is dependent upon the timely receipt of instructions and/or other information from any other person which are not
received or not received by the time required.

(t)The Trustee shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Indenture or any other related
document if such action (A) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, in good faith (which may be based on the advice or opinion
of counsel), be contrary to applicable law, this Indenture or any other related document, or (B) is not provided for in this Indenture
or any other related document.

Section
7.03Individual
Rights of Trustee.

The Trustee in its individual
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Co-Issuers or any Affiliate of the Co-Issuers
with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. The Collateral Custodian and any Agent may do the same with like rights.

Section
7.04Trustees
Disclaimer.

The Trustee shall not be responsible
for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the Co-Issuers
use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Co-Issuers or upon the Co-Issuers direction under any provision of
this Indenture, it shall not be responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee,
and it shall not be responsible for any statement or recital herein or any statement in the Notes or any other document in connection
with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this Indenture other than its certificate of authentication.

Section
7.05Notice
of Defaults.

If a Default occurs and is continuing
and if it is known to the Trustee, the Trustee shall send to Holders of Notes a notice of the Default within 90 days after it occurs.
Except in the case of a Default relating to the payment of interest, principal and premium, if any, on any Note, the Trustee may withhold
from the Holders notice of any continuing Default if and so long as a committee of its Responsible Officers in good faith determines that
withholding the notice is in the interests of the Holders of the Notes. The Trustee shall not be deemed to know of any Default unless
a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is such a Default is received
by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.

Section
7.06[Reserved.]

Section
7.07Compensation
and Indemnity.

(a)The Co-Issuers shall pay to the Trustee and Collateral Custodian from time to time such compensation for its acceptance
of this Indenture and services hereunder as the parties shall agree in

132

writing from time to time. Neither the Trustees
nor Collateral Custodians compensation shall be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Co-Issuers
shall reimburse the Trustee and Collateral Custodian promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, advances and expenses incurred
or made by it in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation, disbursements
and expenses of the Trustees and Collateral Custodians agents and counsel.

(b)The Co-Issuers and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian, each
of their officers, directors, employees and agents for, and hold the Trustee and Collateral Custodian harmless against, any and all loss,
damage, claim, liability or expense (including attorneys fees) incurred by it in connection with the acceptance or administration
of this trust and the performance of its duties hereunder (including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Co-Issuers
and the Guarantors (including this Section 7.07) or defending itself against any claim whether asserted by any Holder, the Co-Issuers
or any Guarantors, or liability in connection with the acceptance, exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder).
The Trustee or Collateral Custodian, as applicable, shall notify the Co-Issuers promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity.
Failure by the Trustee or Collateral Custodian, as applicable, to so notify the Co-Issuers shall not relieve the Co-Issuers of their obligations
hereunder. The Co-Issuers shall defend the claim and the Trustee and Collateral Custodian may have separate counsel and the Co-Issuers
shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. The Co-Issuers need not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability
or expense incurred by the Trustee or Collateral Custodian through the Trustees or Collateral Custodians, respectively,
own willful misconduct or gross negligence.

(c)The obligations of the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors under this Section 7.07 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge
of this Indenture or the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee or Collateral Custodian.

(d)To secure the payment obligations of the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors in this Section 7.07, the Trustee shall have
a Lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal and interest
on particular Notes. Such Lien shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or the earlier resignation or removal of
the Trustee.

(e)When the Trustee or Collateral Custodian incurs expenses or renders services after a Bankruptcy Default occurs, the expenses
and the compensation for the services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses
of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.

Section
7.08Replacement
of Trustee.

(a)A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee shall become effective only upon the successor
Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 7.08. The Trustee may resign in writing at any time and be
discharged from the trust hereby created by so notifying the Co-Issuers. The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding
Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Co-Issuers in writing. The Co-Issuers may remove the Trustee if:

(i)the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof;

(ii)the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy
Law;

133

(iii) a custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or

(iv)the Trustee becomes incapable of acting.

(b)If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Co-Issuers shall
promptly appoint a successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal
amount of the then outstanding Notes may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Co-Issuers.

(c)If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring
Trustee (at the Co-Issuers expense), the Co-Issuers or the Holders of at least 10.0% in principal amount of the then outstanding
Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

(d)If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder who has been a Holder for at least six months, fails to comply with
Section 7.10 hereof, such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment
of a successor Trustee.

(e)A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Co-Issuers.
Thereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights,
powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee shall send a notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring
Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee; provided, all sums owing to the Trustee
hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in Section 7.07 hereof. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee
pursuant to this Section 7.08, the Co-Issuers obligations under Section 7.07 hereof shall continue for the benefit
of the retiring Trustee.

Section
7.09Successor
Trustee by Merger, Etc.

If the Trustee consolidates,
merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another entity, the successor entity
without any further act shall be the successor Trustee.

Section
7.10Eligibility;
Disqualification. 

There shall at all times be
a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state
thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal
or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual
report of condition.

Section
7.11Replacement
of Collateral Custodian.

In the event that the Collateral
Custodian shall no longer have the deposit rating necessary for the Notes Payment Account, Notes Reserve Account, the ECF Account and
the Collateral Proceeds Account to be Eligible Accounts, the Loyalty Issuer and Brand Issuer, or if any such account is not jointly held,
either Loyalty Issuer or Brand Issuer, as applicable, as the sole accountholder, shall be permitted to and shall promptly, and in any
event within 60 days, move the Notes Payment Account, the Notes Reserve Account, the ECF Account and the Collateral Proceeds Account,
as applicable, to another depository institution selected by the applicable Co-Issuer that has the deposit rating necessary for the Notes
Payment

134

Account, the Notes Reserve Account, the ECF Account
and the Collateral Proceeds Account to be Eligible Accounts, and will cause such depositary institution to execute an Account Control
Agreement.

Article
8 

LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

Section
8.01Option
to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

The Co-Issuers may, at their
option and at any time, elect to have either Section 8.02 or Section 8.03 hereof applied to all outstanding Notes upon compliance
with the conditions set forth below in this Article 8.

Section
8.02Legal
Defeasance and Discharge.

(a)Upon the Co-Issuers exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.02,
the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be deemed
to have been discharged from their obligations with respect to all outstanding Notes and Note Guarantees on the date the conditions set
forth below are satisfied (Legal Defeasance). For this purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Co-Issuers shall
be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire Indebtedness represented by the outstanding Notes, which shall thereafter be deemed to
be outstanding only for the purposes of Section 8.05 hereof and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to
in this Section 8.02(a) and Section 8.02(b), and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such Notes and this Indenture
including that of the Guarantors (and the Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Co-Issuers, shall execute such instruments reasonably
requested by the Co-Issuers acknowledging the same), except for the following provisions which shall survive until otherwise terminated
or discharged hereunder:

(i)the rights of Holders of Notes to receive payments in respect of the interest, principal and premium, if any, on the Notes when
such payments are due solely out of the trust created pursuant to this Indenture referred to in Section 8.04 hereof;

(ii)the Co-Issuers obligations with respect to Notes concerning issuing temporary Notes, registration of such Notes, mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and the maintenance of an office or agency for payment and money for security payments held in trust;

(iii)the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee, and the Co-Issuers obligations in connection therewith;
and

(iv)this Article 8.

(b)Subject to compliance with this Article 8, the Co-Issuers may exercise their option under this Section 8.02
notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 8.03 hereof.

Section
8.03Covenant
Defeasance.

Upon the Co-Issuers exercise
under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03, the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors shall, subject
to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be released from their obligations under Section 4.06
through Section 4.17, Section 4.19 through Section 4.21, Section 4.27 through Section 4.35 and Section
5.01 (except for Section 5.01(a)(i)

135

and (ii) and Section 5.01(d)) hereof
with respect to the outstanding Notes on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof are satisfied (Covenant
Defeasance), and the Notes shall thereafter be deemed not outstanding for the purposes of any direction, waiver,
consent or declaration or act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but shall continue to
be deemed outstanding for all other purposes hereunder (it being understood that such Notes may not be deemed outstanding
for accounting purposes). For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to the outstanding Notes, the Co-Issuers may
omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether
directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in any such covenant
to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute a Default or an Event of Default
under Section 6.02 hereof, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Notes shall be unaffected thereby.
In addition, upon the Co-Issuers exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03,
subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, Section 6.02(a)(ii) (solely with respect
to the defeased covenants listed above), Section 6.02(a)(iii) (solely with respect to the defeased covenants listed above) or Section
6.02(a)(iv) (solely with respect to the defeased covenants listed above) hereof shall not constitute Events of Default.

Section
8.04Conditions
to Legal or Covenant Defeasance.

The following shall be the conditions
to the application of either Section 8.02 or Section 8.03 hereof to the outstanding Notes:

(a)the
Co-Issuers must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, cash in U.S. dollars, non-callable
U.S. Government Securities, or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized
independent registered public accounting firm, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the outstanding Notes on the
stated date for payment thereof or on the applicable redemption date, as the case may be;

(b)in the case of Legal Defeasance, the Co-Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel confirming that,

(i)the
Co-Issuers have received from, or there has been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or

(ii)since the date of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law,

in either case to the effect that, and
based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that the beneficial owners of the Notes shall not recognize income, gain or loss for
U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal Defeasance and shall be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts,
in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred;

(c)in the case of Covenant Defeasance, the Co-Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel confirming
that the Holders of the Notes shall not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Covenant
Defeasance and shall be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have
been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred;

136

(d) such Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under,
any material agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture) to which any Co-Issuer is a party or by which any Co-Issuer is bound;

(e)the Co-Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the deposit was not made
by the Co-Issuers with the intent of preferring Holders over any other creditors of the Co-Issuers or with the intent of defeating, hindering,
delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Co-Issuers or others;

(f)the Co-Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating
that all conditions precedent provided for or relating to the Legal Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be, have been
complied with; and

(g)no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either: (x) on the date of such deposit (other than an Event of
Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit); or (y) insofar as Bankruptcy Defaults are concerned, at
any time in the period ending on the 91st day after the date of deposit.

Section
8.05Deposited
Money and Government Securities to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a)Subject to Section 8.06 hereof, all money and Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with
the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee, collectively for purposes of this Section 8.05, the Trustee) pursuant
to Section 8.04 hereof in respect of the outstanding Notes shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with
the provisions of such Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Co-Issuers
or a Guarantor acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon
in respect of interest, principal and premium, if any, on the Note, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the
extent required by law.

(b)The Co-Issuers shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the
cash or Government Securities deposited pursuant to Section 8.04 hereof or the principal and interest received in respect thereof
other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes.

(c)Anything in this Article 8 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Co-Issuers from
time to time upon the request of the Co-Issuers any money or Government Securities held by it as provided in Section 8.04 hereof
which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof
delivered to the Trustee (which may be the opinion delivered under Section 8.04 hereof), are in excess of the amount thereof that
would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

Section
8.06Repayment
to Co-Issuers.

Subject to applicable abandoned
property law, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Co-Issuers, in trust for the payment of the
interest, principal and premium, if any, on any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such interest, principal and premium,
if any, on such Note has become due and payable shall be paid to the Co-Issuers on their request or (if then held by the Co-Issuers) shall
be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter look only to the Co-Issuers for payment thereof, and all liability
of the Trustee or such Paying

137

Agent with respect to such trust money, and all
liability of the Co-Issuers as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease.

Section
8.07Reinstatement.

If the Trustee or Paying Agent
is unable to apply any United States dollars or Government Securities in accordance with Section 8.02 or Section 8.03 hereof,
as the case may be, by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting
such application, then the Co-Issuers obligations under the Notes Documents shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit
had occurred pursuant to Section 8.02 or Section 8.03 hereof until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted
to apply all such money in accordance with Section 8.02 or Section 8.03 hereof, as the case may be; provided, however,
that if the Co-Issuers make any payment of interest, principal and premium, if any, on any Note following the reinstatement of its obligations,
the Co-Issuers shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money held by the Trustee
or Paying Agent.

Section
8.08Application
of Trust Money

Subject to the provisions
of Section 8.06, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to this Article 8 shall be held in trust and applied by it,
in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including
either of the Co-Issuers acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the interest, principal
and premium, if any, on the Notes for whose payment such money has been deposited with or received by the Trustee; but such money need
not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. Money so held in trust is subject to the Trustees rights
under Section 7.07.

Article
9 

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER

Section
9.01Without
Consent of Holders of Notes.

(a)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 9.02 hereof, the Co-Issuers, any Guarantor (with respect to a
Note Guarantee or this Indenture) and the Trustee, subject to the restrictions in the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement and, in
the case of any Collateral Document, the restrictions in such Collateral Document, may amend or supplement this Indenture, any other Notes
Documents and any Intercreditor Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any exhibit, schedule or other attachment to any Notes
Documents or Intercreditor Agreement) without the consent of any Holder and the Co-Issuers may direct the Trustee, and the Trustee shall
(upon receipt of the documents required by the last paragraph of this Section 9.01), enter into an amendment to this Indenture,
any other Notes Documents or any Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, to:

(i)effect the issuance of additional Notes permitted under the Notes Documents in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and
the other Collateral Documents or the terms thereof; or amend or supplement any Intercreditor Agreement; provided, that no such
agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise directly and adversely affect the rights or duties of the Trustee under this Indenture, any
other Notes Document or Intercreditor Agreement without its prior written consent;

138

(ii) evidence the succession of another Person to Spirit pursuant to a consolidation, merger or conveyance, transfer or lease of assets
permitted under this Indenture;

(iii)surrender any right or power conferred upon any Obligor;

(iv)add to the covenants herein or in any Collateral Document such further covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions for the
protection of the Holders of the Notes, and to add any additional Events of Default for the Notes;

(v)(x) cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency, (y) effect administrative changes of a technical or immaterial
nature and (z) correct or cure any incorrect cross references or similar inaccuracies and such amendment shall be deemed approved by the
Holders if the Holders shall have received at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice of such change and the Trustee
shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date of such notice to the Holders, a written notice from the Permitted
Noteholders stating that the Permitted Noteholders object to such amendment;

(vi)convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any property to or with the Trustee or the Collateral Agent or to make such other
provisions in regard to matters or questions arising under this Indenture, any other Notes Documents or any Intercreditor Agreement as
shall not adversely affect the interests of any Holders;

(vii)modify or amend this Indenture in such a manner as to permit the qualification of this Indenture or any supplemental Indenture
under the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect;

(viii)add to or change any provisions of this Indenture to such extent as necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of the Notes
in bearer or uncertificated form, provided that any such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Notes
in any material respect;

(ix)(A) effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest for the benefit of the Senior
Secured Parties, in any property or so that the security interests therein comply with applicable requirements of law, (B) as required
by local law or advice of counsel to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Senior Secured Parties, in
any property or so that the security interests therein comply with applicable requirements of law, or (C) to cause such guarantee, collateral
or security document or other document to be consistent with this Indenture and the other Notes Documents;

(x)provide additional guarantees for the Notes;

(xi)[reserved];

(xii)evidence the release of liens in favor of the Trustee or the Collateral Agent in the Collateral in accordance with the terms of
this Indenture, the other Collateral Documents and the Intercreditor Agreements; or

(xiii)evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment of a separate or successor Trustee and to add to or change any of the provisions
of this Indenture as shall

139

be necessary to provide for or facilitate
the administration of this Indenture by more than one Trustee.

(b)Upon the request of the Co-Issuers and upon receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 9.06 hereof,
the Trustee shall join with the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors in the execution of any amended or supplemental indenture authorized or
permitted by the terms of this Indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained,
but the Trustee shall not be obligated to enter into such amended or supplemental indenture that affects its own rights, duties or immunities
under this Indenture or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Opinion of Counsel shall be required in connection with the addition
of a Guarantor under this Indenture upon (i) execution and delivery by such Guarantor and the Trustee of a supplemental indenture to this
Indenture, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D hereto and (ii) delivery of an Officers Certificate complying with
the provisions of Section 9.06, Section 12.04 and Section 12.05 hereof.

Section
9.02With
Consent of Holders of Notes.

(a)Except as otherwise provided in this Section 9.02, the Co-Issuers and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture
and any other Notes Documents with the consent of the Permitted Noteholders voting as a single class (including consents obtained in connection
with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes). Section 2.08 and Section 2.09 hereof shall determine
which Notes are considered to be outstanding for the purposes of this Section 9.02.

(b)Upon the request of the Co-Issuers and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence satisfactory to the Trustee of the consent
of the Holders as aforesaid, and upon receipt by the Trustee and Collateral Agent, if applicable, of the documents described in Section
9.06 hereof, the Trustee shall join with the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors in the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture
or amendment or supplement to the Collateral Documents unless such amended or supplemental indenture or amendment or supplement to any
Collateral Document affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture, any Collateral Document or otherwise,
in which case the Trustee, may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such amended or supplemental indenture or
amendment or supplement to any Collateral Document.

(c)It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders of Notes under this Section 9.02 to approve the particular
form of any proposed amendment, supplement or waiver. It shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the proposed amendment
or supplement. A consent to any amendment, supplement or waiver under this Indenture by any Holder given in connection with a tender of
such Holders Notes will not be rendered invalid by such tender.

(d)After an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 9.02 becomes effective, the Co-Issuers shall send to
the Holders of Notes affected thereby a notice briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver. The failure to give such notice
to all the Holders, or any defect in the notice will not impair or affect the validity of any such amendment, supplement or waiver. Furthermore,
by its acceptance of the Notes, each Holder of the Notes is deemed to have consented to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreements and
the Collateral Documents, confirmed that such documents entered into on the Closing Date are in form and substance satisfactory to it
and to have authorized and directed each of the Trustee and Collateral Agent to execute, deliver and perform each of the Intercreditor
Agreements and Collateral Documents to which it is a party, binding the Holders to the terms thereof.

(e)Except as provided in Section 9.01, no modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of this Indenture or any
other Notes Documents (other than any Account Control Agreement), and no consent to any departure by any Obligor therefrom, shall in any
event be effective unless the same

140

shall be in writing and signed by the Permitted
Noteholders (or signed by the Trustee with the written consent of the Permitted Noteholders); and, with respect to any Collateral Document,
subject to the restrictions contained therein, provided that no such modification, amendment or supplement shall without the prior
written consent of:

(i)each Holder directly and adversely affected thereby, (A) reduce the principal amount of, premium, if any, or interest if any, on,
(B) extend the Stated Maturity or interest payment periods, of the Notes, (C) modify such Holders ability to vote its obligations
pursuant to the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement, (D) reduce the Redemption Premium (including the Make-Whole Amount) or any other
fee due and payable to such Holder or (E) amend, waive or modify, or have the effect of amending, waiving or modifying, a Default or Event
of Default for non-payment of principal or interest (whether in cash or paid in-kind), including the cure periods applicable to any such
Default;

(ii)all of the Holders, (A) amend or modify, or have the effect of amending or modifying, any provision of this Indenture which provides
for the unanimous consent or approval of the Holders to reduce the percentage of principal amount of Notes of the Holders required thereunder,
(B) release, or have the effect of releasing, all or substantially all of the value of the Collateral from the Liens granted to the Collateral
Agent or the Trustee under this Indenture or under any Collateral Document (other than as permitted under this Indenture and by the terms
of the applicable Collateral Document and the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement), (C) amend, waive or modify, or have the effect of
amending, waiving or modifying, Section 4.01 or any other waterfall provision in the Notes Documents (whether in connection with
proceeds from Collateral or otherwise), (D) amend, waive or modify, or have the effect of amending, waiving or modifying (including through
amending, modifying or waiving any definition therein), Section 4.35, or (F) amend, waive or modify, or have the effect of amending,
waiving or modifying, this Indenture or other Notes Documents to permit additional debt or commitments hereunder for the purpose of influencing
voting thresholds;

(iii)all of the Holders, release, or have the effect of releasing, all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees;

(iv)the Holders holding no less than 85% of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, (A) subordinate the Liens in favor of the
Collateral Agent securing the Obligations to Liens securing any other Indebtedness (other than the Liens on the Collateral securing Indebtedness
outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement or refinancings or replacements thereof), (B) subordinate the Notes in right of payment
to the payment of any other Indebtedness or (C) release, or have the effect of releasing, through one or a series of related transactions,
the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations on Collateral having a Fair Market Value (as reasonably determined
by Spirit) in excess of 20% of the total Fair Market Value of all Collateral; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Liens
in favor of the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations may be subordinated to Liens on the Collateral securing any other Indebtedness,
(y) the Notes may be subordinated in right of payment to the payment in full of any other Indebtedness and/or (z) the Liens in favor of
the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations on Collateral having a Fair Market Value in excess of 20% of the total Fair Market Value
of all Collateral may be released, in each case, with the consent of Holders of not less than 67% of the Notes if each Holder is offered
a bona fide opportunity to

141

participate or provide in such other Indebtedness
or such transaction on a pro rata basis on not less than ten (10) Business Days notice prior to the deadline to participate therein;

(v)the Holders holding no less than 85% of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, (A) amend, waive or modify, or have the
effect of amending, waiving or modifying, Section 4.15 or any Event of Default for failure to comply with Section 4.15, or (B)
effect any shortening or subordination of term or reduction in liquidated damages under any IP License;

(vi)each Holder directly and adversely affected thereby, to make the Notes of such Holder and/or any interest or fee due in respect
thereof payable in money or securities other than that as stated in the Notes;

(vii)each Holder directly and adversely affected thereby, (A) to amend, waive, modify or impair, or have the effect of amending, waiving,
modifying or impairing, the legal right of such Holder to receive any fee, principal or interest payment or to institute suit for the
enforcement of any fee, principal or interest payment with respect to the Notes or (B) to amend, waive or modify, or have the effect of
amending, waiving or modifying, any right to receive interest or any fee payable in cash when due;

(viii)all Holders, to reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Permitted Noteholders;

(ix)all Holders, amend, waive or modify, or have the effect of amending, waiving or modifying, Section 2.16(a), the definition
of Parent Change of Control, the definition of Public Company Transaction, the definition of Public
Permitted Airline Business, the redemption price set forth in the definition of Parent Change of Control Payment
or the redemption price set forth in the first proviso of Section 3.07(a);

(x)all Holders, to modify, or to have the effect of modifying, any provision of this Section 9.02; and

(xi)Holders holding no less than 85% of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, amend, waive or modify, or have the effect of
amending, waiving or modifying, any time period set forth in (A) the second sentence of Section 4.23(a) or (B) the second proviso
of Section 3.07(a), in each case, that would extend such time period by more than five (5) Business Days.

(f)Neither Spirit nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, pay or cause to be paid any consideration to any
Holder for or as an inducement to any consent, waiver or amendment to the Notes Documents unless such consideration is offered to be paid
and is paid to all Holders that consent to such transaction in the applicable time frame set forth in the solicitation documents relating
to such transaction.

(g)The Co-Issuers shall provide a copy of each supplemental indenture or other applicable amendment documentation prepared
pursuant to this Section 9.02 to each of the Holders no less than three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed execution of such supplemental
indenture or other applicable amendment documentation.

(h)Notwithstanding anything set forth above (other than Section 9.02(e)(ix) and (xi)), no amendment or modification of the
Notes Documents may be effected that would adversely change (x)

142

the economic terms contained in Articles 2, 3
and 10, (y) the interests in the Collateral or (z) the legal remedies, in each case, of a particular Holder in a manner disproportionate
to the rights or interests of any other Holder without the prior consent of each Holder so affected; provided that no transaction set
forth in Section 9.02(e)(iv) above shall constitute a disproportionate adverse change.

Section
9.03[Reserved].

Section
9.04Revocation
and Effect of Consents.

(a)Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Note is a continuing consent
by the Holder of a Note and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders
Note, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Note. However, any such Holder of a Note or subsequent Holder of a Note may revoke
the consent as to its Note if the Trustee receives written notice of revocation before the date the waiver, supplement or amendment becomes
effective. An amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective in accordance with its terms and thereafter binds every Holder.

(b)The Co-Issuers may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled
to consent to any amendment, supplement or waiver. If a record date is fixed, then, notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, those Persons
who were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only such Persons, shall be entitled to consent to such amendment,
supplement, or waiver or to revoke any consent previously given, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record
date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more than 120 days after such record date unless the consent of the requisite number
of Holders has been obtained.

Section
9.05Notation
on or Exchange of Notes.

(a)The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment, supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter authenticated.
The Co-Issuers in exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate new Notes
that reflect the amendment, supplement or waiver.

(b)Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note shall not affect the validity and effect of such amendment,
supplement or waiver.

Section
9.06Trustee
to Sign Amendments, Etc.; Collateral Agent.

The Trustee shall sign any amendment,
supplement or waiver authorized pursuant to this Article 9 if the amendment or supplement does not adversely affect the rights,
duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. In executing any amendment, supplement or waiver, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive
and (subject to Section 7.01 hereof) shall be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the documents required by Section
12.04 hereof, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amended or supplemental
indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and an Opinion of Counsel stating that such amendment, supplement or waiver is
the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Co-Issuers and any Guarantors party thereto, enforceable against them in accordance with
its terms, and complies with the provisions hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing and upon satisfaction of the requirements set forth
in the last sentence of Section 9.01 hereof, no Opinion of Counsel shall be required for the Trustee to execute any amendment or
supplement adding a new Guarantor under this Indenture. No amendment, supplement or waiver that may affect the rights, duties, liabilities
or immunities of the Collateral Agent shall be effective without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent.

Article
10 

143

GUARANTEES

Section
10.01Guarantee.

(a)Subject to this Article 10, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally irrevocably and unconditionally
guarantees (the Note Guarantees), to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the
Trustee, the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Agent and their respective successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and
enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Co-Issuers hereunder or thereunder, the due and punctual payment
of the unpaid principal and interest on (including defaulted interest, if any, and interest accruing after the Stated Maturity of after
the filing of any petition of bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to any Co-Issuer,
whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) each Note, whether at the Stated Maturity,
upon redemption, upon required prepayment, upon acceleration, upon required repurchase at the option of the holder or otherwise according
to the terms thereof and of this Indenture and all other obligations of the Co-Issuers to the Holders, the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian
hereunder or thereunder shall be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. Failing payment
when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally
obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection.

(b)The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity
or enforceability of the Notes or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of
the Notes with respect to or any amendment of any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Co-Issuers, any
action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Guarantor.
Each Guarantor hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy
of the Co-Issuers, any right to require a proceeding first against the Co-Issuers, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants
that this Note Guarantee shall not be discharged except pursuant to Article 8 or Article 10 or by complete performance of
the obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture.

(c)If any Holder, the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Co-Issuers,
the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Co-Issuers or the Guarantors,
any amount paid either to the Trustee, the Collateral Custodian or such Holder, this Note Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged,
shall be reinstated in full force and effect.

(d)Each Guarantor agrees that it shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of
any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between
the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent, on the other hand, (x) the maturity of the obligations
guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 6 hereof for the purposes of this Note Guarantee, notwithstanding any
stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (y) in the event
of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 6 hereof, such obligations (whether or not due and
payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of this Note Guarantee. The Guarantors shall have the
right to seek contribution from any non-paying Guarantor so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders
under the Note Guarantees.

144

(e) Each Note Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by
or against the Co-Issuers for liquidation or reorganization, should the Co-Issuers become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit
of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of the Co-Issuers assets, and shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance
of the Notes are, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee
on the Notes or Note Guarantees, whether as a voidable preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise, all as
though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored
or returned, the Notes shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not
so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

Section
10.02Limitation on
Guarantor Liability.

Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance
of Notes, each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Note Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute
a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer
Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any Note Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee,
the Holders and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum amount
as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant
under such laws and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf
of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article 10, result in the obligations of
such Guarantor under its Note Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under applicable law or to comply
with corporate benefit, financial assistance and other laws.

Section
10.03Execution and
Delivery.

(a)To evidence its Note Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 hereof, each Guarantor hereby agrees that this Indenture
shall be executed on behalf of such Guarantor by one of its Responsible Officers.

(b)Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Note Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 hereof shall remain in full force
and effect notwithstanding the absence of the endorsement of any notation of such Note Guarantee on the Notes.

(c)If a Responsible Officer whose signature is on this Indenture no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates
the Note, the Note Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless.

(d)The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the
Note Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the Guarantors.

Section
10.04Benefits Acknowledged.

Each Guarantor acknowledges
that it shall receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by this Indenture and that the guarantee
and waivers made by it pursuant to its Note Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.

Section
10.05Release of Note
Guarantees.

145

A Note Guarantee by a Guarantor
shall be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged, and no further action by such Guarantor, the Co-Issuers or the Trustee
is required for the release of such Guarantors Note Guarantee, upon the Co-Issuers exercising their Legal Defeasance option
or Covenant Defeasance option in accordance with Article 8 hereof or the satisfaction and discharge of the Co-Issuers obligations
under this Indenture in accordance with the terms of this Indenture or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary, so long as (i) no Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing or shall result therefrom, (ii) the Co-Issuers shall have delivered a certificate of a Responsible
Officer certifying that such conditions to the release of such Note Guarantee have been satisfied together with such information relating
thereto as the Trustee may reasonably request and (iii) the Trustee shall execute and deliver, at the Co-Issuers expense, such
documents as any Co-Issuer or Guarantor may reasonably request and prepare to evidence the release of the Note Guarantee of such Guarantor
provided herein.

Article
11 

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

Section
11.01Satisfaction
and Discharge.

This Indenture shall be discharged
and shall cease to be of further effect as to all Notes and Guarantees, when:

(a)either

(i)all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered, except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes which have been replaced or paid and
Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust, have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

(ii)all Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable, shall become due and payable at
their maturity within one year or are to be called for redemption within one year, and, at the expense of the Co-Issuers, the Co-Issuers
or any Guarantor have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust solely for the benefit
of the Holders of the Notes, cash in U.S. dollars, Government Securities or a combination thereof, in such amounts sufficient without
consideration of any reinvestment of interest to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the Notes not theretofore delivered to the
Trustee for cancellation for principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, to the date of such deposit (in the case of Notes
which have become due and payable) or to the final maturity date or redemption date, as the case may be;

(b)the Co-Issuers have paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by it under this Indenture; and

(c)the Co-Issuers have delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee to apply the deposited money toward the payment of
the Notes at maturity or the redemption date, as the case may be.

In addition, the Co-Issuers
must deliver an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions precedent to satisfaction
and discharge have been satisfied.

146

Notwithstanding the satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture, the provisions of Section 7.07 hereof shall survive and, if money shall have been deposited with
the Trustee pursuant to subclause (i) of clause (a) of this Section 11.01, the provisions of Section 11.02
and Section 8.06 hereof shall survive.

Section
11.02Application
of Trust Money.

(a)Subject to the provisions of Section 8.06 hereof, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 11.01
hereof shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either
directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Co-Issuers acting as their own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the
Persons entitled thereto, of the interest, principal and premium, if any on the Notes for whose payment such money has been deposited
with the Trustee; but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

(b)If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or Government Securities in accordance with Section 11.01
hereof by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining
or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Co-Issuers and any Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Notes
shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 11.01 hereof; provided, that if the
Co-Issuers have made any payment of interest, principal and premium, if any, on any Notes because of the reinstatement of its obligations,
the Co-Issuers shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money or Government Securities
held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

Article
12 

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
12.01[Reserved].

Section
12.02Notices.

(a)Any notice or communication shall be in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first-class mail (registered or certified,
return receipt requested), fax or other electronic transmission or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery addressed as follows:

If to the Co-Issuers and/or any Guarantor:

c/o Spirit Airlines, Inc.

2800 Executive Way

Miramar, FL 33025

Telephone: (954) 447-7932

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legaldepartment@spirit.com

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10017

Telephone: (212) 450-3804

147

Attention: David Hahn

Email: david.hahn@davispolk.com

If to the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian:

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, DE 19890

Attention: Alex Melton

Email: Amelton@wilmingtontrust.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Seward & Kissel LLP

One Battery Park Plaza

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Gregg Bateman and Kimberly Giampietro

Email: bateman@sewkis.com and giampietro@sewkis.com

The Co-Issuers, any Guarantor,
the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian, by notice to the others, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices
or communications.

(b)The Co-Issuers or the Trustee by notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices
or communications.

(c)Any notice or communication mailed to a Holder shall be mailed to the Holder at the Holders address as it appears
on the registration books of the Registrar and shall be sufficiently given if so mailed within the time prescribed.

(d)Failure to mail a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect
to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee
receives it.

(e)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note provides for notice
of any event (including any notice of redemption or purchase) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice
shall be sufficiently given if given to the Notes Depositary pursuant to the standing instructions from the Notes Depositary.

(f)If a notice or communication is mailed in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether
or not the addressee receives it.

(g)If the Co-Issuers mail a notice or communication to Holders, they shall mail a copy to the Trustee, the Collateral Custodian
and each Agent at the same time.

(h)The Trustee agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail,
facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods. If the Co-Issuers, any Guarantor or any Holder elects to give the
Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to
act upon such instructions, the Trustees understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not
be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with
such instructions notwithstanding if such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The party providing
electronic instructions agrees to

148

assume all risks arising out of the use of such
electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on
unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

Section
12.03[Reserved].

Section
12.04Certificate
and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent.

Upon any request or application
by the Co-Issuers or any of the Guarantors to the Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action under this Indenture, the Co-Issuers
or such Guarantor, as the case may be, shall furnish to the Trustee:

(a)except upon the increase of the principal amount of any outstanding Global Note on the applicable Payment Date by an amount
equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable interest period, an Officers Certificate in form and substance satisfactory
to the Trustee (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 12.05 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of the signers,
all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been satisfied; and

(b)except upon the increase of the principal amount of any outstanding Global Note on the applicable Payment Date by an amount
equal to the amount of PIK Interest for the applicable interest period, an Opinion of Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Trustee (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 12.05 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel,
all such conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been satisfied.

Section
12.05Statements Required
in Certificate or Opinion.

Each certificate or opinion
with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided pursuant to
Section 4.17 hereof) shall include:

(a)a statement that the individual making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the related definitions;

(b)a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained
in such certificate or opinion are based;

(c)a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to
enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with (and, in the case
of an Opinion of Counsel, may be limited to reliance on an Officers Certificate as to matters of fact); and

(d)a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with;
provided, that with respect to matters of fact, an Opinion of Counsel may rely on an Officers Certificate or certificates
of public officials.

Section
12.06Rules by Trustee
and Agents.

The Trustee may make reasonable
rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. The Registrar or Paying Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements
for its functions.

149

Section
12.07No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers,
Employees and Stockholders.

No past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner or stockholder of Spirit or any Guarantor or any of their direct or indirect parent companies
shall have any liability for any obligations of the Co-Issuers or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Note Guarantees or this Indenture
or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting Notes waives and
releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.

Section
12.08Governing Law.

THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.

Section
12.09Waiver of Jury
Trial.

EACH OF THE CO-ISSUERS, THE
GUARANTORS, THE TRUSTEE, COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN AND EACH HOLDER OF A NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREOF HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE,
THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section
12.10No Adverse Interpretation
of Other Agreements.

This Indenture may not be used
to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Co-Issuers or Guarantors or of any other Person. Any such indenture, loan
or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture.

Section
12.11Successors.

All agreements of the Co-Issuers
and the Guarantors in this Indenture and the Notes shall bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind
its successors. All agreements of each Guarantor in this Indenture shall bind its successors. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree
that the Collateral Agent shall be an express third party beneficiary of this Indenture.

Section
12.12Severability.

In case any provision in this
Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section
12.13Counterpart
Originals.

The parties may sign any number
of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent one and the same agreement. The
exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective
execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the

150

original Indenture and signature pages for all
purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.
The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import
in this Indenture or any related document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form,
each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on
the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Custodian shall have a duty to inquire into or investigate
the authenticity or authorization of any electronic signature and both shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any electronic signature
without any liability with respect thereto.

Section
12.14Table of Contents,
Headings, Etc.

The Table of Contents and headings
of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of
this Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section
12.15U.S.A. PATRIOT
Act.

The parties hereto acknowledge
that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, the Trustee and Collateral Custodian are required to obtain, verify and
record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee or
Collateral Custodian. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee and Collateral Custodian with such information
as the Trustee or Collateral Custodian may reasonably request in order for the Trustee and Collateral Custodian to satisfy the requirements
of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act.

Section
12.16Jurisdiction.

The Co-Issuers and each Guarantor
agree that any suit, action or proceeding against the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor brought by any Holder, the Trustee or the Collateral
Custodian arising out of or based upon this Indenture, the Note Guarantees or the Notes may be instituted in any state or Federal court
in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of them irrevocably submits to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action or proceeding. The Co-Issuers and each Guarantor irrevocably waive, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to any suit, action, or proceeding that may be brought in connection with this Indenture,
the Note Guarantees or the Notes, including such actions, suits or proceedings relating to securities laws of the United States of America
or any state thereof, in such courts whether on the grounds of venue, residence or domicile or on the ground that any such suit, action
or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The Co-Issuers and each Guarantor agree that final judgment in any such suit,
action or proceeding brought in such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Co-Issuers or the Guarantors, as the case may be,
and may be enforced in any court to the jurisdiction of which the Co-Issuers or the Guarantors, as the case may be, are subject by a suit
upon such judgment. The Co-Issuers and each Guarantor hereby designate and appoint Spirit as their authorized agent upon which process
may be served in any such action or proceeding that may be instituted in any such court, and agree that service of any process, summons,
notice or document by U.S. registered mail addressed to Spirit, with written notice of said service to such

151

Person at the address of Spirit set forth in Section
12.02 hereof, shall be effective service of process for any such legal action or proceeding brought in any such court.

Section
12.17Legal Holidays.

If a payment date is a Legal
Holiday, payment shall be made on the next succeeding day that is not a Legal Holiday, and no interest shall accrue for the intervening
period. If a record date is a Legal Holiday, the record date shall not be affected.

Section
12.18Currency Indemnity.

Dollars are the sole currency
(the Required Currency) of account and payment for all sums payable by the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor under or in
connection with the Notes, this Indenture and the Note Guarantees, including damages. Any amount with respect to the Notes, this Indenture
the Note Guarantees or the other Notes Documents received or recovered in a currency other than the Required Currency, whether as a result
of, or the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Co-Issuers or any
Guarantor or otherwise by any Holder or by the Trustee or Paying Agent or Collateral Agent, in respect of any sum expressed to be due
to it from the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor will only constitute a discharge to the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor to the extent of the Required
Currency amount which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of
that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable
to do so).

If the Required Currency amount
is less than the Required Currency amount expressed to be due to the recipient or the Trustee or Paying Agent or Collateral Custodian
under the Notes, each of the Co-Issuers and each Guarantor will indemnify such recipient and/or the Trustee or Paying Agent or Collateral
Custodian against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Co-Issuers and each Guarantor will indemnify the recipient against
the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this currency indemnity provision, it will be prima facie evidence of the matter
stated therein, for the Holder of a Note or the Trustee or Paying Agent or Collateral Custodian to certify in a manner satisfactory to
the Co-Issuers (indicating the sources of information used) the loss it incurred in making any such purchase. These indemnities constitute
a separate and independent obligation from the Co-Issuers and each Guarantors other obligations, will give rise to a separate
and independent cause of action, will apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder of a Note or the Trustee or Paying Agent
or Collateral Custodian (other than a waiver of the indemnities set out herein) and will continue in full force and effect despite any
other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or to the Trustee or Collateral
Custodian. For the purposes of determining the amount in a currency other than the Required Currency, such amount shall be determined
using the Exchange Rate then in effect.

Section
12.19Waiver of Immunity.

With respect to any proceeding,
each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all immunity (whether on the basis of sovereignty or
otherwise) from jurisdiction, service of process, attachment (both before and after judgment) and execution to which it might otherwise
be entitled in any court of competent jurisdiction, and with respect to any judgment, each party waives any such immunity in any court
of competent jurisdiction, and will not raise or claim or cause to be pleaded any such immunity at or in respect of any such proceeding
or judgment, including any immunity pursuant to the United States Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976, as amended.

Article
13 

152

COLLATERAL

Section
13.01Collateral Documents.

The due and punctual payment
of the interest, principal and premium, if any, on the Notes and Note Guarantees when and as the same shall be due and payable, whether
on a Payment Date, at maturity, by acceleration, repurchase, redemption, prepayment or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal
of and interest on the Notes and Note Guarantees and performance of all other Obligations of the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors to the
Notes Secured Parties under this Indenture, the Notes, the Note Guarantees, the Intercreditor Agreements and the Collateral Documents,
according to the terms hereunder or thereunder, shall be secured as provided in the Collateral Documents, which define the terms of the
Liens that secure the Obligations, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreements. The Trustee, the Collateral Custodian, the Co-Issuers
and the Guarantors hereby acknowledge and agree that the Collateral Agent holds the Collateral in trust for the benefit of the Notes Secured
Parties pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Documents and the Intercreditor Agreements. Each Holder, by accepting a Note, consents
and agrees to the terms of the Collateral Documents (including the provisions providing for the possession, use, release and foreclosure
of Collateral) and the Intercreditor Agreements as each may be in effect or may be amended from time to time in accordance with their
terms and this Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreements, and authorizes and directs the Trustee, Collateral Custodian and the Collateral
Agent to enter into the Collateral Documents and the Intercreditor Agreements and authorizes and directs the Trustee to enter into the
Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement and any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement and authorizes and directs each of the Collateral
Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Trustee to perform its respective obligations and exercise its respective rights under and in
accordance with the Collateral Documents and Intercreditor Agreements to which it is a party. The Co-Issuers and the Guarantors shall
deliver to the Collateral Agent copies of all documents required to be filed pursuant to the Collateral Documents, and will do or cause
to be done all such acts and things as required by the next sentence of this Section 13.01, to assure and confirm to the Collateral
Agent a first-priority security interest in the Collateral, by the Collateral Documents or any part thereof, as from time to time constituted,
so as to render the same available for the security and benefit of this Indenture and of the Notes secured hereby, according to the intent
and purposes herein expressed. The Co-Issuers and Spirit shall, in each case at their own expense, (A) promptly execute and deliver (or
cause such Subsidiary to execute and deliver) to the Collateral Agent such documents and take such actions to create, grant, establish,
preserve and perfect the applicable priority Liens (subject to Permitted Liens) (including to obtain any release or termination of Liens
not permitted under Section 4.10 and the filing of UCC financing statements, as applicable) in favor of the Collateral Agent for
the benefit of the Senior Secured Parties on such assets of such Co-Issuer or such other Guarantor, as applicable, to secure the Obligations
to the extent required under the applicable Collateral Documents, and to ensure that such Collateral shall be subject to no other Liens
other than any Permitted Liens and (B) if reasonably requested by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent, deliver to the Trustee, for the
benefit of the Trustee, the Notes Secured Parties, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Custodian, a customary written opinion of counsel
to such Co-Issuer or such other Guarantor, as applicable, with respect to the matters described in clause (A) of this Section
13.01, in each case within twenty (20) Business Days after the addition of such Collateral.

Section
13.02Non-Impairment
of Liens.

Any release of Collateral permitted
by Section 13.03 will be deemed not to impair the Liens under this Indenture and the other Collateral Documents in contravention
thereof.

Section
13.03Release of Collateral.

153

The Liens granted to the Trustee
or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, by the Co-Issuers and the other Guarantors on any Collateral shall be automatically and unconditionally
released with respect to the Notes:

(a)upon the sale or other disposition of such Collateral (including as part of or in connection with any other sale or other
disposition permitted under this Indenture, but excluding any sale or other disposition in respect of which the applicable Grantor continues
to own the subject Collateral following the consummation of such sale or other disposition) to any Person other than another Guarantor
or Co-Issuer, to the extent such sale or other disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Indenture and the other Collateral
Documents (and the Trustee or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall, without further inquiry, rely conclusively on an Officers
Certificate and/or Opinion of Counsel to that effect provided to it by any Co-Issuer or other Guarantor, including upon its reasonable
request);

(b)to the extent such Collateral is comprised of property leased to a Co-Issuer or a Guarantor, upon termination or expiration
of such lease, unless any Grantor owns the subject Collateral following such termination or expiration;

(c)if the release of such Lien is approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Holders holding not less than the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Notes required by Section 9.02;

(d)to the extent the property constituting such Collateral is owned by any Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor from
its obligations under its Note Guarantee (in accordance with this Indenture);

(e)as required to effect any sale or other disposition of Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Collateral
Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents; and

(f)if such assets constitute Excluded Property.

Any such release shall not in
any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those being released) upon (or obligations (other than
those being released) of the Co-Issuers and the other Guarantors in respect of) all interests retained by the Co-Issuers and the other
Guarantors, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral except to the extent
otherwise released in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture or the Collateral Documents.

The terms of the Collateral
Agency and Accounts Agreement shall provide that, during the continuance of an Event of Default under any Senior Secured Debt Document,
the Collateral Agent shall not release any Lien permitted to be released under the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement and the other
Senior Secured Debt Documents unless the Required Debtholders have consented to such release pursuant to an Act of Required Debtholders.

Section
13.04Release upon
Termination of the Co-Issuers Obligations.

Upon any Discharge of Senior
Secured Debt Obligations, (i) the application of the provisions of the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement to the Senior Secured
Debt shall automatically cease, (ii) the Senior Secured Debt shall automatically no longer be secured by the Liens granted in favor of
the Collateral Agent and (iii) the Collateral Agent, at the request and sole expense of the Grantors, shall, upon its receipt of the deliverables
required by the Collateral Agency and Accounts

154

Agreement, execute and deliver
to the Grantors all releases or other documents reasonably necessary or desirable to evidence the foregoing.

Section
13.05Suits to Protect
the Collateral.

(a)Subject to the provisions of the Collateral Documents and the Intercreditor Agreements, the Trustee, without the consent
of the Holders, on behalf of the Holders, may or may direct the Collateral Agent to take all actions it determines in order to:

(i)enforce any of the terms of the Collateral Documents; and

(ii)collect and receive any and all amounts payable in respect of the Obligations hereunder.

(b)Subject to the provisions of the Collateral Documents and the Intercreditor Agreements, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent
shall have power to institute and to maintain such suits and proceedings as the Trustee may determine to prevent any impairment of the
Collateral by any acts which may be unlawful or in violation of any of the Collateral Documents or this Indenture, and such suits and
proceedings as the Trustee and/or the Collateral Agent may determine to preserve or protect its interests and the interests of the Holders
in the Collateral. Nothing in this Section 13.05 shall be considered to impose any such duty or obligation to act on the part of
the Trustee or the Collateral Agent.

Section
13.06Authorization
of Receipt of Funds by the Trustee Under the Collateral Documents.

Subject to the provisions of
the Collateral Documents and the Intercreditor Agreements, the Trustee is authorized to receive any funds for the benefit of the Holders
distributed under the Collateral Documents, and to make further distributions of such funds to the Holders according to the provisions
of this Indenture.

Section
13.07Lien Sharing
and Priority Confirmation.

Each Holder (x) hereby agrees
that such Holder is bound by the provisions of the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement, including the provisions relating to the
ranking of Priority Liens (as defined in the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement) and the order of application of proceeds from enforcement
of Priority Liens (as defined in the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement) and (y) hereby consents to the terms of the Collateral
Agency and Accounts Agreement and the Collateral Agents performance of, and directing the Collateral Agent to enter into and perform
its obligations under, the Collateral Agency and Accounts Agreement and the other Senior Secured Debt Documents.

Section
13.08Limited Recourse.

Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Indenture or any other document to which it may be a party, the obligations of each SPV Party from time to time and
at any time hereunder are limited recourse obligations of such SPV Party and are payable solely from the assets thereof available at such
time and amounts derived therefrom and following realization of the assets of such SPV Party, and application of the Proceeds (including
proceeds of assets upon which a Lien was purported to be granted) thereof in accordance with this Indenture and the other Collateral Documents,
all obligations of and any remaining claims against such SPV Party hereunder or in connection herewith after such realization shall be
extinguished and shall not thereafter revive. No recourse shall be had against any officer, director, employee, shareholder, or incorporator
of the SPV Parties, their respective Affiliates or their respective successors or assigns for any amounts payable hereunder other than
any guaranty by such shareholder

155

expressly provided in the Transaction Documents.
Nothing in this Section 13.08 shall preclude, or be deemed to estop, the parties hereto (i) from taking any action in (A) any case or
insolvency or liquidation proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by any SPV Party or (B) any involuntary insolvency or liquidation
proceeding filed or commenced by any non-affiliated Person, or (ii) from commencing against any SPV Party or any of their respective property
any legal action which is not an insolvency or liquidation proceeding. It is understood that the foregoing provisions of this Section
shall not (x) prevent recourse to the assets of the SPV Parties (including the Collateral) or (y) constitute a waiver, release or discharge
of any Indebtedness or obligation secured hereby until all assets of SPV Parties (including the Collateral) have been realized. It is
further understood that the foregoing provisions of this Section 13.08 shall not limit the right of any Person to name any SPV Party as
a party defendant in any proceeding or in the exercise of any other remedy hereunder, so long as no judgment in the nature of a deficiency
judgment or seeking personal liability shall be asked for or (if obtained) enforced against any such Persons.

[Signature pages follow]

156

Executed as a deed on behalf of:

SPIRIT IP CAYMAN LTD.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Director

Executed as a deed on behalf of:

SPIRIT LOYALTY CAYMAN LTD.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Director

SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: General Counsel

Executed as a deed on behalf of:

SPIRIT FINANCE CAYMAN 1 LTD.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Director

Executed as a deed on behalf of:

SPIRIT FINANCE CAYMAN 2 LTD.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Indenture]

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee and as Collateral Custodian

By: /s/ Alex Melton

Name: Alex Melton

Title: Assistant Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

[Face of Note]

[Insert the Global Note Legend, if applicable pursuant
to the provisions of the Indenture]

[Insert the Private Placement Legend, if applicable
pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture]

[Insert the Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend,
if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture]

A-1

CUSIP [ ]

ISIN [ ]1

[[144A][REGULATION S][IAI] GLOBAL NOTE

representing up to

$______________]

PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030

No. ___ [$______________]

SPIRIT IP CAYMAN LTD. and 

SPIRIT LOYALTY CAYMAN LTD.

promise to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns,
the principal sum [set forth on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached hereto] of ________________________
United States Dollars on March 12, 2030.

Payment Dates: 20th calendar day of January, April, July,
and October, or if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day

Record Dates: Each Business Day immediately preceding each Payment
Date

1 144A Note CUSIP: 84859BAC5

144A Note ISIN: US84859BAC54

Regulation S Note CUSIP: G83518AC7

Regulation S Note ISIN: USG83518AC74

IAI Note CUSIP: 84859BAD3

IAI Note ISIN: US84859BAD38

A-2

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Co-Issuers have caused this
instrument to be duly executed.

Dated:

SPIRIT IP CAYMAN LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SPIRIT LOYALTY CAYMAN LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-3

This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned
Indenture:

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

Dated:

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-4

[Back of Note]

PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.

1. INTEREST
AND PRINCIPAL. The Co-Issuers promise to pay the outstanding principal amount on the Notes in full on March 12, 2030. The Notes shall
bear (x) prior to the consummation of a Public Company Transaction, (a) cash interest at a rate of 8.00% per annum and (b) interest
payable in-kind at a rate of 4.00% per annum, in the case of this clause (b), by increasing the principal amount of the outstanding
Notes or issuing PIK Notes (as defined in the Indenture) (rounded up to the nearest $1.00); provided, that at the Co-Issuers option,
the Co-Issuers may elect to pay interest at a rate of 11.00% per annum payable in cash and (y) after the consummation of a Public
Company Transaction, interest at a rate of (a) 11.00% per annum payable in cash plus (b) if any Notes are outstanding on the date
that is six months after the consummation of a Public Company Transaction, 2.00% per annum payable in cash. Interest will also
be paid on each prepayment date, redemption date or repurchase date, as the case may be, as provided in the Indenture on the amount of
principal so paid for the period from and including the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid,
from and including the date of issuance to but excluding such date of payment. The calculation of PIK Interest will be made by the Co-Issuers
or on behalf of the Co-Issuers by such Person as the Co-Issuers shall designate.

2. METHOD
OF PAYMENT. The Co-Issuers will pay interest, principal and premium, if any, on the Notes to the Persons who are registered Holders of
Notes at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Payment Date, even if such Notes are canceled after such
record date and on or before such Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest.
Payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their addresses set forth in the register of Holders, or as otherwise
set forth in the Indenture, provided, that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds will be required with respect
to interest, principal and premium, if any, on, all Global Notes and all other Notes the Holders of which shall have provided wire transfer
instructions to the Co-Issuers or the Paying Agent. U.S. Dollars are the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by
the Co-Issuers or any Guarantor under or in connection with the Notes, the Indenture and the Guarantees.

3. PAYING
AGENT AND REGISTRAR. Initially, Wilmington Trust, National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying Agent and
Registrar. The Co-Issuers may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to the Holders. Either Co-Issuer may act in any such
capacity.

4. INDENTURE.
The Co-Issuers issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Co-Issuers,
the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Trustee and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Collateral Custodian. This
Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Co-Issuers designated as its PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030. The terms
of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture
for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions
of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling.

5. REDEMPTION,
PREPAYMENT AND REPURCHASE. The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Co-Issuers and may be the subject of a Mandatory Prepayment
Event, ECF

A-5

Repurchase Offer, Parent Change of Control Offer,
and a Mandatory Repurchase Offer, as further provided in the Indenture. Except as provided in the Indenture, the Co-Issuers shall not
be required to make any mandatory prepayments, redemptions, repurchases or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes.

6. DENOMINATIONS,
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $1.00 and integral multiples of $1.00
in excess thereof. The transfer of Notes may be registered and Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Registrar and
the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and the Co-Issuers may
require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Co-Issuers need not exchange or register
the transfer of any Note or portion of a Note selected for prepayment, redemption or tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection
with a Mandatory Prepayment Event, ECF Repurchase Offer, Parent Change of Control Offer, a Mandatory Repurchase Offer, or other tender
offer, respectively, in whole or in part, except for the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

7. PERSONS
DEEMED OWNERS. The registered Holder of a Note may be treated as its owner for all purposes.

8. AMENDMENT,
SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER. The Indenture, the Guarantees or the Notes may be amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture.

9. CASH
TRAP, DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES. The Cash Trap Events and Events of Default relating to the Notes are defined in Section 6.01 and Section
6.02 of the Indenture, respectively. Upon the occurrence of a Cash Trap Event or Event of Default, as applicable, the rights and obligations
of the Co-Issuers, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders shall be set forth in the applicable provisions of the Indenture.

10. AUTHENTICATION.
This Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid for any purpose until authenticated by the manual signature
of the Trustee or an authenticating agent.

11. LIMITED
RECOURSE. The provisions of Section 13.08 of the Indenture are incorporated herein mutatis mutandis.

12. GOVERNING
LAW. THE INDENTURE, the notes and the guarantees SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT
THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.

13. NOTICES.
Any notice or communication shall be in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first-class mail (registered or certified, return
receipt requested), fax or other electronic transmission or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery addressed as follows:

Spirit Airlines, Inc.

2800 Executive Way

Miramar, FL 33025

Telephone: (954) 447-7932

Attention: Legal Department 

Email: legaldepartment@spirit.com

A-6

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10017

Telephone: (212) 450-3804

Attention: David Hahn

Email: david.hahn@davispolk.com

If to the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian:

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, DE 19890

Attention: Alex Melton

Email: Amelton@wilmingtontrust.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Seward & Kissel LLP

One Battery Park Plaza

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Gregg Bateman and Kimberly Giampietro

Email: bateman@sewkis.com and giampietro@sewkis.com

The Co-Issuers, any Guarantor,
the Trustee or the Collateral Custodian, by notice to the others, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices
or communications.

Any notice or communication
mailed to a Holder shall be mailed to the Holder at the Holders address as it appears on the registration books of the Registrar
and shall be sufficiently given if so mailed within the time prescribed.

Failure to mail a notice or
communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication
is mailed in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

Notwithstanding any other provision
of the Indenture or this Note, where the Indenture or this Note provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption or
purchase) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Notes Depositary
pursuant to the standing instructions from the Notes Depositary.

If a notice or communication
is mailed in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

A-7

The Trustee agrees to accept
and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to the Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured
electronic methods. If the Co-Issuers, any Guarantor or any Holder elects to give the Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or instructions
by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustees understanding
of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or
indirectly from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding if such instructions conflict
or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The party providing electronic instructions agrees to assume all risks arising
out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk
of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

A-8

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

and irrevocably appoint _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

to transfer this Note on the books of the Co-Issuers. The agent may
substitute another to act for him.

Date: _____________________

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Signature Guarantee:* __________________________________

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other

signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

A-9

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased
by the Co-Issuers pursuant to Section 3.09, Section 4.22 or Section 4.23 of the Indenture, check the appropriate
box below:

[ ] Section 3.09 [ ] Section 4.22 [
] Section 4.23 

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note
purchased by the Co-Issuers pursuant to Section 3.09, Section 4.22 or Section 4.23 of the Indenture, state the amount
you elect to have purchased:

$_______________

Date: _____________________

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Tax Identification No.: 

Signature Guarantee:* __________________________________

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other

signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).

A-10

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL
NOTE*

The initial outstanding principal amount of this
Global Note is $__________. The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in another Global Note or for a Definitive
Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made:

Date of
Exchange 

Amount of
decrease

in Principal Amount 

Amount of
increase

in Principal

Amount of this

Global Note 

Principal
Amount of

this Global Note

following such

decrease or increase 

Signature
of

authorized officer

of Trustee or

Note Custodian

__________________

* This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global form.

A-11

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

Spirit Airlines, Inc.

2800 Executive Way

Miramar, FL 33025

Telephone: (954) 447-7932

Attention: Treasurer and General Counsel

With a copy to:

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, DE 19890

Attention: Alex Melton

Email: Amelton@wilmingtontrust.com

Re: Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and
Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd. PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030

Reference is hereby made to
the Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Indenture), among Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman
Ltd., the Guarantors named therein, the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have
the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

_______________ (the Transferor)
owns and proposes to transfer the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified in Annex A hereto, in the principal amount of $___________
in such Note[s] or interests (the Transfer), to _______________ (the Transferee), as further
specified in Annex A hereto. In connection with the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that:

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY]

1. [
] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE 144A GLOBAL NOTE OR A DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A.
The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that the beneficial interest or Definitive
Note is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the beneficial interest or Definitive Note
for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person
and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements
of Rule 144A and such Transfer is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

2. [
] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE OR A DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO REGULATION
S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and, accordingly, the
Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the Transfer is not being made to a person in the United States and (x) at the time the buy
order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United States or such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed

B-1

and believes that the Transferee was outside the
United States or (y) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither
such Transferor nor any Person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was prearranged with a buyer in the United States, (ii)
no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S under the
Securities Act, (iii) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act and
(iv) if the proposed transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, the transfer is not being made to a U.S.
Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person. Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on Transfer enumerated in the Indenture
and the Securities Act.

3. [
] CHECK AND COMPLETE IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE IAI GLOBAL NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE
DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY PROVISION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OTHER THAN RULE 144A OR REGULATION S. The Transfer is being effected in
compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in Restricted Global Notes and Restricted Definitive Notes
and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States,
and accordingly the Transferor hereby further certifies that (check one):

(a) [
] such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act;

or

(b) [
] such Transfer is being effected to the Co-Issuers or a subsidiary thereof;

or

(c) [
] such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and, if applicable, in compliance
with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act;

or

(d) [
] such Transfer is being effected to an IAI and pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other
than Rule 144A, Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904, and the Transferor hereby further certifies that it has not engaged in any general solicitation
within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act and the Transfer complies with the transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial
interests in a Restricted Global Note or to Restricted Definitive Notes and the requirements of the exemption claimed, which certification
is supported by (1) a certificate executed by the Transferee in the form of Exhibit F to the Indenture and (2) if such Transfer is in
respect of a principal amount of Notes at the time of transfer of less than $250,000, an Opinion of Counsel provided by the Transferor
or the Transferee (a copy of which the Transferor has attached to this certification), to the effect that such Transfer is in compliance
with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial
interest or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the
IAI Global Note and/or the Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

4. [
] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE OR OF AN UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE.

B-2

(a) [
] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO RULE 144. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the
Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws
of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are
not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the
terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer
enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

(b) [
] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule
904 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities
laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend
are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with
the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer
enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

(c) [
] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO OTHER EXEMPTION. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in compliance with an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904 and in compliance with the transfer
restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any State of the United States and (ii) the restrictions
on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities
Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or
Definitive Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted
Global Notes or Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

B-3

This certificate and the statements
contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Co-Issuers.

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: _______________________

B-4

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

1. The Transferor
owns and proposes to transfer the following:

[CHECK ONE OF (a) OR (b)]

(a) [ ] a beneficial
interest in the:

(i) [
] 144A Global Note (CUSIP [ ]), or

(ii) [
] Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP [ ]), or

(iii) [
] IAI Global Note (CUSIP [ ]), or

(b) [ ] a Restricted
Definitive Note.

2. After
the Transfer the Transferee will hold:

[CHECK ONE]

(a) [ ] a beneficial
interest in the:

(i) [ ] 144A Global Note (CUSIP [ ]), or

(ii) [ ] Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP [ ]), or

(iii) [ ] IAI Global Note (CUSIP [ ]), or

(iv) [ ] Unrestricted Global Note (CUSIP [ ]); or

(b) [ ] a Restricted
Definitive Note; or

(c) [ ] an Unrestricted Definitive Note,

in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

B-5

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE

Spirit Airlines, Inc.

2800 Executive Way

Miramar, FL 33025

Telephone: (954) 447-7932

Attention: Legal Department

Email: legaldepartment@spirit.com

With a copy to:

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, DE 19890

Attention: Alex Melton

Email: Amelton@wilmingtontrust.com

Re: Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman
Ltd. PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030

Reference is hereby made to
the Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Indenture), Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd.,
Spirit Airlines, Inc., as the Parent Guarantor, the Guarantors named therein, the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian. Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

___________ (the Owner)
owns and proposes to exchange the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified herein, in the principal amount of $__________ in such
Note[s] or interests (the Exchange). In connection with the Exchange, the Owner hereby certifies that:

1) EXCHANGE
OF RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE FOR UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS
IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE

a) [
] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In
connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted
Global Note in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners
own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Global
Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
(iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance
with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable
blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

b) [
] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In

C-1

connection with the Exchange of the
Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the
Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance
with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii)
the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance
with the Securities Act and (iv) the Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any
state of the United States.

c) [
] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the Owners
Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the
beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance
with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii)
the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance
with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws
of any state of the United States.

d) [
] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Owners Exchange
of a Restricted Definitive Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is
being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer
restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions
on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities
Act and (iv) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state
of the United States.

2) EXCHANGE
OF RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES FOR RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS
IN RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES

a) [
] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Exchange
of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a Restricted Definitive Note with an equal principal amount,
the Owner hereby certifies that the Restricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer. Upon
consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Restricted Definitive Note issued will continue
to be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Definitive Note and
in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

b) [
] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In

C-2

connection with the Exchange of the
Owners Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in the [CHECK ONE] [ ] 144A Global Note [ ] Regulation S Global Note
[ ] IAI Global Note, with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the
Owners own account without transfer and (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable
to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable blue sky
securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture,
the beneficial interest issued will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the
relevant Restricted Global Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

This certificate and the statements
contained herein are made for your benefit and the benefit of the Co-Issuers.

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: _______________________

C-3

EXHIBIT D

[FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS]

[__________] Supplemental Indenture
(this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of __________, [between][among] __________________ (the Guaranteeing
Subsidiary), Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. (Brand Issuer) and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd. (Loyalty Issuer
together with Brand Issuer, the Co-Issuers), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, each of the Co-Issuers
and the Guarantors (as defined in the Indenture referred to below) has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee and Wilmington
Trust, National Association, as collateral custodian, an indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 (as further amended and supplemented, the
Indenture), providing for the initial issuance of $840,000,000 of PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (the Notes);

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides
that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant
to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Co-Issuers Obligations under the Notes and the
Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the Guarantee); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section
9.01 of the Indenture, the Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture
to amend or supplement the Indenture without the consent of Holders.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto mutually
covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:

(1) Capitalized
Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

(2) Agreement
to Guarantee. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to be a Guarantor under the Indenture and to be bound by the terms of the
Indenture applicable to a Guarantor, including Article 10 thereof, as if it were an original signatory thereto.

(3) Execution
and Delivery. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the absence
of the endorsement of any notation of such Guarantee on the Notes.

(4) Governing
Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT
TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED
THEREBY.

D-1

(5) Counterparts.
The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together
represent one and the same agreement. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts which, when taken together,
shall constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, PDF or other
electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and
may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture and signature pages for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted
by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

(6) Effect
of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

(7) The
Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental
Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary.

(8) Benefits
Acknowledged. The Guaranteeing Subsidiarys Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. The
Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by
the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to this Guarantee are knowingly made
in contemplation of such benefits.

(9) Successors.
All agreements of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in
this Supplemental Indenture and the Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind their respective
successors.

(10) Ratification
of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified
and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture
shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder shall be bound hereby.

D-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.

Executed as a deed on behalf of:

SPIRIT IP CAYMAN LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Executed as a deed on behalf of:

SPIRIT LOYALTY CAYMAN LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY]

By: 

Name:

Title:

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee 

By: 

Name:

Title:

D-3

EXHIBIT E

to Indenture

FORM OF PAYMENT DATE STATEMENT

[Date]

Wilmington Trust, National Association,

as Trustee

1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, DE 19890

Attention: Alex Melton

Email: Amelton@wilmingtontrust.com

Pursuant to (i) Section 4.01 and Section
4.17(a)(vi) of that Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
the Indenture), among Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd. (together with Spirit IP Cayman Ltd.,
the Co-Issuers), the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee
(in such capacity, the Trustee) and collateral custodian (in such capacity, the Collateral Custodian),
the Co-Issuers are required to provide to the Trustee a Payment Date Statement on each Determination Date and (ii) Section 4.17(a)(v)
of the Indenture, the Co-Issuers are required to provide a certificate of a Responsible Officer (which may be in this Payment Date Statement)
certifying as to the matters set forth therein and herein.

This Payment Date Statement is being delivered
to the Trustee with respect to the [_____] 20[_] Determination Date. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meanings assigned thereto in the Indenture.

Pursuant to Section 4.17(a)(v)
of the Indenture, the undersigned, [each] being [a] Responsible Officer[s] of [each of] Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman
Ltd. hereby [certify][certifies] that (i) [no new Material Free Spirit Agreements were entered into since the [immediately prior
Determination Date][Closing Date]][Exhibit A hereto sets forth the name of each new Material Free Spirit Agreement entered into since
the [immediately prior Determination Date][Closing Date]], (ii) the Co-Issuers have complied with the deposit requirements under
the Transaction Documents with respect to such Free Spirit Agreements, (iii) 90% of all Free Spirit Program Revenues for such Quarterly
Reporting Period were deposited directly into the Loyalty Collection Account, and (iv) [There have not been any Material Modification
to any Material Free Spirit Agreement since the [immediately prior Determination Date][Closing Date]][Each Material Modification to each
Material Free Spirit Agreement occurring since the [immediately prior Determination Date][Closing Date] is set forth in Annex II hereto,
together with the date of such Material Modification and the Material Free Spirit Agreement to which such Material Modification applied,
and each such Material Modification was made in compliance with the Indenture].

[Pursuant to Section 4.06(e)
of the Indenture, attached hereto as Annex I is an updated Schedule 4.06(e).1]

1
Attach an updated Schedule 4.06(e) to the extent necessary to the extent necessary to cause the Material Free Spirit Agreements
listed on such updated schedule, in the aggregate, to represent at least 85% of the Free Spirit Program Revenues in the prior twelve
(12) months.

E-1

Determination Date: 

Payment Date: 

Quarterly Reporting Period Beginning:

Quarterly Reporting Period Ending: 

Days in Quarterly Reporting Period: 

Interest Period Beginning: 

Interest Period Ending:

Days in Interest Period: 

Occurrence of Event of Default During Quarterly
Reporting Period (Yes/No): 

Occurrence of Cash Trap Event During Quarterly
Reporting Period (Yes/No): 

Cash Trap Period as of Last Day of Quarterly
Reporting Period (Yes/No): 

Cash Trap Cure (Yes/No/N/A): 

Amount of Allocable Funds: $__________ 

Amount of Available Funds: $__________

Pursuant to Section 4.01 of the Indenture, the
Co-Issuers hereby instruct the Trustee to make the distributions specified in the Payment line items below:

I. Amounts to be distributed pursuant to Section
4.01(a):

First, ratably, to the Trustee, $[ ]
and to the Collateral Custodian, $[ ] (subject to an aggregate cap of $200,000 per annum)

II. Amounts to be distributed pursuant to Section
4.01(b):

A. Interest Distribution Amount:

i. Cash Interest Rate:

ii. Day Count Fraction

iii. Outstanding principal amount of Notes as of the first day of the related Interest Period

iv. Unpaid Interest Distribution Amounts from prior Payment Dates

v. Total [(product of II.A.i, II.A.ii and II.A.iii) plus II.A.iv plus (product of II.A.i, II.A.ii and II.A.iv)]

B. Interest paid after preceding Payment
Date and prior to Payment Date

Payment:
To the Trustee, on behalf of the Holders pursuant to Section 4.01(b), $[II.A minus II.B]2

III. Amounts to be distributed pursuant to
Section 4.01(c) (on the Termination Date only):

Payment: To the Trustee, on behalf of the Holders
pursuant to Section 4.01(c), $[ ]

IV. Amounts to be distributed pursuant to Section 4.01(d):

A. Amount on deposit in the Notes Reserve Account: 

B. Notes Reserve Account Required Balance

2 Insert final dollar
amount in lieu of bracketed formula prior to each instruction

E-2

Payment: To the Notes
Reserve Account pursuant to Section 4.01(d), $[positive difference, if any, of IV.B minus IV.A]3

V. Remitted Amounts to be distributed pursuant to Section 4.01(e)
as mandatory prepayments required but unpaid:

Payment: To the Trustee, on behalf of the Holders
pursuant to Section 4.01(e), $[ ]

VI. Amounts to be distributed pursuant
to Section 4.01(f) as premium due and unpaid without any duplication for any premium paid pursuant to Section 4.01(e):

Payment: To the Trustee, on behalf
of the Holders pursuant to Section 4.01(f), $[ ]

VII. Amounts to be distributed pursuant
to Section 4.01(g):

Payment 1: First, ratably to the Trustee, $[ ] and
to the Collateral Custodian, $[ ] 

Payment 2: Second, amounts due to any other Person
(if any), as follows: [insert specific payment instructions and amounts]

VIII. Amounts to be paid pursuant
to Section 4.01(h) to the ECF Account if a Cash Trap Period is in effect as of the last day of the Quarterly Reporting Period and a Cash
Trap Cure has not occurred:

Payment: To the ECF Account pursuant
to Section 4.01(h), $[ ]

IX. [Reserved]

X. Amounts to be distributed pursuant
to Section 4.01(j):

Payment:4
[If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all remaining amounts to be remitted to,
and remain on deposit in, the Collection Accounts as follows:

i. Brand Collection Account: $[ ]

ii. Loyalty Collection Account: $[ ]]

[If no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Co-Issuers hereby direct the Collateral Agent to release all remaining amounts to the following deposit account on the Payment Date:

Bank Name: []

Account No.: []

ABA No.: []

Account Name: []

Reference: []

Attention: []]

XI: Debt Service Coverage Ratio calculation:

3 Insert final dollar
amount in lieu of bracketed formula prior to each instruction.

4 Select one of the two
bracketed options and fill in prior to each instruction.

E-3

A. 

i. aggregate amount of Collections deposited to the Collection Accounts during the Quarterly Reporting Period:
$[ ]

ii. Cure Amounts deposited to the Collection Accounts on or prior to the Payment Date (and which remain on
deposit in a Collection Account): $[ ]

B. the Interest Distribution Amount:
$[ ]

C. Debt Service Coverage Ratio: [quotient
of (sum of XI.A.i and XI.A.ii) divided by B]

E-4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has duly executed this Payment Date Statement as of the date first set forth above.

SPIRIT IP CAYMAN LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SPIRIT LOYALTY CAYMAN LTD.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

E-5

[EXHIBIT A]

[Material Free Spirit Agreements]

E-6

[Annex
I]

[Schedule 4.06(e)]

E-1

[Annex
II]

[Material Modifications]

E-1

Schedule 1.01(a)

Contribution Agreements

1. Contribution Agreement (Spirit to HoldCo 1) dated as of September 17, 2020 by and between Spirit Airlines,
Inc. and Spirit Finance Cayman 1 Ltd. with respect to the Brand Contributed Property as defined therein.

2. Contribution Agreement (Spirit to HoldCo 1) dated as of September 17, 2020 by and between Spirit Airlines,
Inc. and Spirit Finance Cayman 1 Ltd. with respect to the Loyalty Contributed Property as defined therein.

3. Contribution Agreement (HoldCo 1 to HoldCo 2) dated as of September 17, 2020 by and between Spirit Finance
Cayman 1 Ltd. and Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. with respect to the Brand Contributed Property as defined therein.

4. Contribution Agreement (HoldCo 1 to HoldCo 2) dated as of September 17, 2020 by and between Spirit Finance
Cayman 1 Ltd. and Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. with respect to the Loyalty Contributed Property as defined therein.

5. Contribution Agreement (HoldCo 2 to Brand IP Issuer) dated as of September 17, 2020 by and between Spirit
Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. and Spirit IP Cayman Ltd.

6. Contribution Agreement (HoldCo 2 to Loyalty IP Issuer) dated as of September 17, 2020 by and between Spirit
Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd.

7. Contribution Agreement (Spirit to HoldCo 1) dated as of April 23, 2021 by and between Spirit Airlines,
Inc. and Spirit Finance Cayman 1 Ltd. with respect to the Loyalty Contributed Property as defined therein.

8. Contribution Agreement (HoldCo 1 to HoldCo 2) dated as of April 23, 2021 by and between Spirit Finance
Cayman 1 Ltd. and Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. with respect to the Loyalty Contributed Property as defined therein.

9. Contribution Agreement (HoldCo 1 to Loyalty IP Issuer) dated as of April 23, 2021 by and between Spirit
Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd. with respect to the Loyalty Contributed Property as defined therein.

10. Contribution Agreement (Spirit to HoldCo 1) dated as of April 23, 2021 by and between Spirit Airlines,
Inc. and Spirit Finance Cayman 1 Ltd. with respect to the Brand Contributed Property as defined therein.

11. Contribution Agreement (HoldCo 1 to HoldCo 2) dated as of April 23, 2021 by and between Spirit Finance
Cayman 1 Ltd. and Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. with respect to the Brand Contributed Property as defined therein.

12. Contribution Agreement (HoldCo 2 to Brand IP Issuer) dated as of April 23, 2021 by and between Spirit
Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. and Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. with respect to the Brand Contributed Property as defined therein.

Schedule 4.06(e)

Material Free Spirit Agreements

1. Second Amended and Restated Affinity Agreement, by and between Bank of America, N.A. and Spirit Airlines,
Inc., dated as of August 6, 2020, as amended by that First Amendment dated as of June 28, 2023, and effective January 1, 2023.

2. Co-Brand Credit Card Program Agreement between CreditShop LLC and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of August
7, 2020.

Free Spirit Agreements

1. Amended and Restated Co-Branded Credit Card Agreement between Spirit Airlines, Inc. and Promerica Financial
Corporation, effective August 10, 2020.

2. Spirit Airlines Co-Branding/Strategic Alliance Agreement between Mastercard International Incorporated
and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of April 1, 2015, as amended by that First Amendment dated July 1, 2019, and that Second Amendments
dated July 6, 2020.

3. Strategic Alliance Master Agreement between Avis Budget Car Rental, LLC and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated
as of October 1, 2017.

4. Strategic Alliance Master Agreement between Avis Budget Car Rental, LLC and Spirit Airlines, dated as
of January 1, 2020.

5. Agreement between Choice Hotels International, Inc. and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of June 6, 2007.

6. Letter of Understanding between the Hertz Corporation and Spirit Airlines regarding proposed agreement
beginning May 1, 2006.

7. Participation Agreement between the Hertz Corporation and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of October 1,
2006, as amended by that First Amendment dated February 1, 2013.

8. Master Services Agreement between Points.com Inc. and Spirit Airlines, dated as of June 30, 2013.

9. Master Services Agreement between Points International Ltd. and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of June
30, 2013.

10. Rewards Program Agreement between Rewards Network Establishment Services Inc. and Spirit Airlines, Inc.,
dated as of July 1, 2013.

11. Loyalty Program Partnership Agreement between Survey Sampling International, LLC and Spirit Airlines,
Inc., dated as of January 1, 2016

12. Loyalty Program Sourcing Agreement between Survey Sampling International, LLC and Spirit Airlines, Inc.,
dated as of September 1, 2013, as amended by that First Amendment dated February 1, 2014.

13. Promotional Agreement between TicketNetwork, Inc. and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of May 15, 2017,
as amended by that First Amendment and that Second Amendment dated December 1, 2019.

14. Services Provider Agreement between World Travel Holdings, Inc. and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of
October 1, 2018, as amended by that First Amendment dated October 1, 2019.

15. Acceptance Agreement between Mastercard International Incorporation and Spirit Airlines, Inc., date as
of October 30, 2019, and as amended by that First Amendment dated November 1, 2022.

16. Connectivity Equipment Services Agreement between Thales Avionics, Inc. and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated
as of May 11, 2018.

17. Revenue Share Agreement between Adara Media, Inc. and Spirit Airlines, Inc.,dated as of October 1, 2012

18. Statement of Work No. 1 between ERC-CCI Limited and Spirit Airlines Inc., dated as of July 15, 2019.

19. Statement of Work No. 1 between Charles Tombras Advertising, Inc. and Spirit Airlines Inc., dated as of
May 14, 2025.

20. Statement of Work No. 2 between First Kontact BPO and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of August 1, 2023,
with respect to Jamaica services.

21. Statement of Work No. 2 between First Kontact BPO and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of August 1, 2023,
with respect to Mexico services.

22. Amended and Restated Statement of Work between Everise, Inc. and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of October
12, 2021.

23. Statement of Work No. 1 between SOLVO Solutions, LLC and Spirit Airlines, Inc., dated as of January 1,
2023.

24. Statement of Work No.1 between CONTAX360, INC. Call Center, Inc. and Spirit Airlines, Inc. dated as of
May 1, 2023.

For the purposes of this Schedule, each reference
to an agreement includes any permitted amendment, restatement, amendment and restatement, supplement, replacement or other modification
or variation thereof or thereto from time to time entered into and in effect on the date of the Indenture.

E-2

EXHIBIT F

FORM OF CERTIFICATE FROM ACQUIRING INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR

Spirit Airlines, Inc.

2800 Executive Way

Miramar, FL 33025

Telephone: (954) 447-7932

Attention: Treasurer and General Counsel

With a copy to:

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, DE 19890

Attention: Alex Melton

Email: Amelton@wilmingtontrust.com

Re: Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman
Ltd. PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated
as of March 12, 2025 (the Indenture), among Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd., the Guarantors
named therein, the Trustee and the Collateral Custodian. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Indenture.

In connection with our proposed purchase of $___________
aggregate principal amount of:

(a) [ ] a beneficial interest in a Global
Note, or

(b) [ ] a Definitive Note,

we confirm that:

1.We understand that any subsequent transfer of the Notes or any interest therein is subject to certain restrictions and conditions
set forth in the Indenture and the undersigned agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any
interest therein except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act).

2.We understand that the offer and sale of the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act, and that the Notes
and any interest therein may not be offered or sold except as permitted in the following sentence. We agree, on our own behalf and on
behalf of any accounts for which we are acting as hereinafter stated, that if we should sell the Notes or any interest therein, we will
do so only (A) to a Co-Issuer or any subsidiary thereof, (B) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a qualified
institutional buyer (as defined therein), (C) to an institutional accredited investor (as defined below) that, prior
to such transfer, furnishes (or has furnished on its behalf by a U.S. broker-dealer) to you and to the Co-Issuers a signed letter substantially
in the form of this letter and, if such transfer is in respect of a principal amount of Notes, at the time of transfer of

F-1

less than $250,000, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably
acceptable to the Co-Issuers to the effect that such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act, (D) outside the United States
in accordance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act or (F) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, and we further agree to provide to any Person purchasing
the Definitive Note or beneficial interest in a Global Note from us in a transaction meeting the requirements of clauses (A) through (E)
of this paragraph a notice advising such purchaser that resales thereof are restricted as stated herein.

3.We understand that, on any proposed resale of the Notes or beneficial interest therein, we will be required to furnish to
you and the Co-Issuers such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Co-Issuers may reasonably require to confirm
that the proposed sale complies with the foregoing restrictions. We further understand that the Notes purchased by us will bear a legend
to the foregoing effect.

4.We are an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12) or
(13) under the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of our investment in the Notes, and we and any accounts for which we are acting are each able to bear the economic
risk of our or its investment.

5.We are acquiring the Notes or beneficial interest therein purchased by us for our own account or for one or more accounts
(each of which is an institutional accredited investor) as to each of which we exercise sole investment discretion.

You and the Co-Issuers are entitled to rely upon
this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any administrative or legal
proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

[Insert Name of IAI]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: _______________________

F-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dp226079_ex0403.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

First Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental
Indenture), dated as of March 12, 2025 among Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc. (the Guaranteeing Parent),
Spirit IP Cayman Ltd., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands (Brand Issuer)
and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands (Loyalty Issuer
together with Brand Issuer, the Co-Issuers), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, each of the Co-Issuers and the Guarantors
(as defined in the Indenture referred to below) has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee and Wilmington Trust, National Association,
as collateral custodian, an indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 (as further amended and supplemented, the Indenture),
providing for the initial issuance of $840,000,000 of PIK Toggle Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (the Notes);

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(x) of
the Indenture, the Guaranteeing Parent and the Trustee are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture pursuant to which
the Guaranteeing Parent shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Co-Issuers Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on
the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the Guarantee) without the consent of Holders;
and

WHEREAS, the Guaranteeing Parent shall constitute
Holdco Guarantor as defined in the Indenture.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto mutually covenant and agree
for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:

(1) Capitalized
Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

(2) Agreement
to Guarantee. The Guaranteeing Parent hereby agrees to be the Holdco Guarantor under the Indenture and to be bound by the terms of
the Indenture applicable to the Holdco Guarantor, including Article 10 thereof, as if it were an original signatory thereto.

(3) Execution
and Delivery. The Guaranteeing Parent agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the absence
of the endorsement of any notation of such Guarantee on the Notes.

(4) Governing
Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT
TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED
THEREBY.

(5) Counterparts.
The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together
represent one and the same

agreement. This Supplemental Indenture may
be executed in multiple counterparts which, when taken together, shall constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental
Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery
of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture and signature
pages for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission shall be deemed
to be their original signatures for all purposes.

(6) Effect
of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

(7) The
Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental
Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Parent.

(8) Benefits
Acknowledged. The Guaranteeing Parents Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. The Guaranteeing
Parent acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and
this Supplemental Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to this Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation
of such benefits.

(9) Successors.
All agreements of the Guaranteeing Parent in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in this
Supplemental Indenture and the Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind their respective successors.

(10) Ratification
of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified
and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture
shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder shall be bound hereby.

[Signature pages follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.

Executed as a deed on behalf of:

SPIRIT IP CAYMAN LTD.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Director

Executed as a deed on behalf of:

SPIRIT LOYALTY CAYMAN LTD.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Director

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC., as Guaranteeing Parent

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 

By: /s/ Alex Melton

Name: Alex Melton

Title: Assistant Vice President

[Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dp226079_ex0404.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.4 

TRANCHE 1 WARRANT AGREEMENT

This TRANCHE 1 WARRANT AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is dated as of March 12, 2025 by and between Spirit
Aviation Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, a New
York limited liability company, as Warrant Agent (the Warrant Agent) (each a Party
and collectively, the Parties).

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Spirit Airlines, Inc. (Former Spirit) and its
debtor affiliates (the Debtors) filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of
New York (the Court) in In re: Spirit Airlines, Inc., et al., Case No. 24-11988 (SHL) (the Plan) (including the merger of New Spirit Merger Sub, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with and into Former Spirit, with Former Spirit being the surviving corporation in the merger),
which was confirmed by order of the Court Docket No. 500 entered into on February 20, 2025 relating to the reorganization under chapter
11 of title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) of the Debtors, and pursuant to Section 2.9
of the Backstop Commitment Agreement (the Backstop Commitment Agreement) dated as of November 18, 2024, by
and among Former Spirit, the other debtors party thereto, and the backstop commitment parties thereto, the entities set forth on Schedule
A hereto (the Initial Warrantholders) or their permitted assigns are to be issued warrants (the Warrants)
entitling them to purchase from the Company such number of duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common
Stock set forth on Schedule A hereto at an initial exercise price equal to $0.0001 per share (the Exercise Price),
exercisable from the date hereof (the Issue Date) until such Warrants are exercised in full (the Expiration
Time), all subject to the terms, conditions and adjustments set forth below herein;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is
one of several Warrant Agreements entered into pursuant to, or in connection with, the transactions contemplated by the Plan and the Backstop
Commitment Agreement (including the merger of New Spirit Merger Sub, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with and into Former Spirit, with Former Spirit being the surviving corporation in the merger), providing for the issuance of warrants in lieu of the equity issuable thereunder (such warrants, collectively, the
Restructuring Warrants);

WHEREAS, the Warrant Agent,
at the request of the Company, has agreed to act as the agent of the Company in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer,
exchange and exercise of the Restructuring Warrants; and

WHEREAS, this Agreement is
being entered into in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Regulation S or Section 1145(a)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, and
of any applicable state securities or blue sky laws;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and mutual agreements herein set forth, the Parties agree as follows:

Section
1.Appointment
of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the instructions
set forth in this Agreement (and no implied terms); and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment, on the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth herein.

Section
2.Issuances;
Exercise Price. On the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Company has issued such number of Warrants to the
Initial Warrantholders specified on Schedule A hereto, which shall entitle the Warrantholders, upon proper exercise and

1

payment of the applicable Exercise Price, to receive
from the Company, as adjusted as provided herein, such number of Warrant Shares specified on Schedule A hereto. Subject to Section 3,
on the date hereof, the Warrants shall be issued in the form of (1) one or more global certificates in reliance on Section 1145(a)(2)
of the Bankruptcy Code (collectively, the Unrestricted Global Warrant), (2) one or more global certificates
in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (collectively, the IAI Global Warrant), (2) one or more
global warrant certificates representing Warrants offered and sold by the Company to Persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation
S (collectively, the Regulation S Global Warrant), and (3) one or more global warrant certificates in reliance
on Section 4(a)(2), representing beneficial interests in Warrants that may be transferred to QIBs subsequent to the initial distribution
(collectively, the Rule 144A Global Warrant and, together with the Unrestricted Global Warrant, the IAI Global
Warrant and the Regulation S Global Warrant, the Global Warrant Certificates), the forms of election to exercise
and assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof, in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

Section
3.Form of Warrants.
Subject to Section 6, the Warrants shall be issued (1) via Global Warrant Certificates and/or (2) if requested by any Warrantholder or
if the Company determines that such Warrants are ineligible to be held by the Depositary (as defined below), by book-entry
registration on the books and records of the Warrant Agent (Book-Entry Warrants) and shall be evidenced by
statements issued by the Warrant Agent from time to time in customary form and substance to the registered holder of Book-Entry Warrants
reflecting such book-entry position (the Warrant Statement). The Global Warrant Certificates may bear such
appropriate insertions, omissions, legends, including with respect to any IAI Global Warrant, Regulation S Global Warrant or 144A Global
Warrant, the restricted legend indicated in Exhibit A hereto (the Restricted Warrant Legend), substitutions
and other variations as are required or permitted by this Agreement, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification
and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with any law or with any rules made pursuant thereto or with
any rules of any securities exchange or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by, in the case of Global Warrant Certificates, the
Appropriate Officers executing such Global Warrant Certificates, as evidenced by their execution of the Global Warrant Certificates. Global
Warrant Certificates shall be deposited with, or with the Warrant Agent as custodian for, The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary)
and registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other entity designated by the Depositary, as the Depositarys nominee. Each
Global Warrant Certificate shall represent such number of the outstanding Warrants as specified therein, and each shall provide that it
shall represent the aggregate amount of outstanding Warrants from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate amount of outstanding
Warrants represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Section
4.Execution
of Global Warrant Certificates. Global Warrant Certificates shall be signed on behalf of the Company by an Appropriate
Officer of the Company. Each such signature upon the Global Warrant Certificates may be in the form of a facsimile or electronic
signature of any such Appropriate Officer and may be imprinted or otherwise reproduced on the Global Warrant Certificates and for that
purpose the Company may adopt and use the facsimile or electronic signature of any Appropriate Officer. If any Appropriate Officer who
shall have signed any of the Global Warrant Certificates shall cease to be an Appropriate Officer before the Global Warrant Certificates
so signed shall have been countersigned by the Warrant Agent or disposed of

2

by the Company, such Global Warrant Certificates
nevertheless may be countersigned and delivered or disposed of as though such Appropriate Officer had not ceased to be an Appropriate
Officer of the Company, and any Global Warrant Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by any Person who, at the actual date
of the execution of such Global Warrant Certificate, shall be an Appropriate Officer, although at the date of the execution of this Agreement
such Person was not an Appropriate Officer. Global Warrant Certificates shall be dated the date of countersignature by the Warrant Agent
and shall represent one or more whole Warrants.

Section
5.Registration
and Countersignature. Upon written order of the Company, the Warrant Agent shall (i) register in the Warrant Register (as defined
below) Global Warrant Certificates as well as any Book-Entry Warrants and exchanges and transfers of outstanding Warrants in accordance
with the procedures set forth in this Agreement and (ii) upon receipt of the Global Warrant Certificates duly executed on behalf of the
Company, countersign by either manual or facsimile signature one or more Global Warrant Certificates evidencing Warrants and shall deliver
such Global Warrant Certificates to or upon the written order of the Company. Such written order of the Company shall specifically state
the number of Warrants that are to be issued as Global Warrant Certificates and the number of Warrants that are to be issued as Book-Entry
Warrants. A Global Warrant Certificate shall be, and shall remain, subject to the provisions of this Agreement until such time as all
of the Warrants evidenced thereby shall have been duly exercised or shall have expired or been canceled in accordance with the terms hereof.
Each Warrantholder shall be bound by, and shall be a third-party beneficiary of, all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement (a
copy of which is available on request to the Secretary of the Company) as fully and effectively as if such Warrantholder had executed
and delivered the same. No Global Warrant Certificate shall be valid for any purpose, and no Warrant evidenced thereby shall be exercisable,
until such Global Warrant Certificate has been countersigned by the manual or facsimile signature of the Warrant Agent. Such signature
by the Warrant Agent upon any Global Warrant Certificate executed by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that such Global Warrant
Certificate so countersigned has been duly issued hereunder. The Warrant Agent shall keep, at an office designated for such purpose, books
(the Warrant Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, it shall
register the Global Warrant Certificates as well as any Book-Entry Warrants and exchanges and transfers of outstanding Warrants in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Section 6, all in form reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent. Prior to due presentment
for registration of transfer or exchange of any Warrant in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Agreement, the Warrant Agent
and the Company may deem and treat the Warrantholder as the absolute owner of such Warrant (notwithstanding any notation of ownership
or other writing made in a Global Warrant Certificate by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise thereof, any distribution to the Warrantholder
thereof and for all other purposes, and neither the Warrant Agent nor the Company shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Section
6.Registration
of Transfers and Exchanges.

(a)Transfer and Exchange of Global Warrant Certificates or Beneficial Interests Therein. The transfer and exchange of Global
Warrant Certificates or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with this Agreement and the
procedures of the Depositary therefor.

3

(b)Exchange of a Beneficial Interest in a Global Warrant Certificate for a Book-Entry Warrant.

(i)Any Warrantholder of a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate may, upon request, exchange such beneficial interest
for a Book-Entry Warrant. Upon receipt by the Warrant Agent from the Depositary or its nominee of written instructions or such other form
of instructions as is customary for the Depositary on behalf of any Person having a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate,
the Warrant Agent shall cause, in accordance with the standing instructions and procedures existing between the Depositary and Warrant
Agent, the number of Warrants represented by the Global Warrant Certificate to be reduced by the number of Warrants to be represented
by the Book-Entry Warrants to be issued in exchange for the beneficial interest of such Person in the Global Warrant Certificate and,
following such reduction, the Warrant Agent shall register in the name of the Warrantholder a Book-Entry Warrant and deliver to said Warrantholder
a Warrant Statement.

(ii)Book-Entry Warrants issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate pursuant to this Section 6(b)
shall be registered in such names as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect Depositary Participants or otherwise,
shall instruct the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent shall deliver such Warrant Statements to the Persons in whose names such Warrants
are so registered.

(iii)With respect to Global Warrant Certificates:

(1)Transfers by an owner of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Warrant or an IAI Global Warrant to a transferee who takes
delivery of such interest through another Transfer Restricted Warrant shall be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the
Depositary and the Restricted Warrants Legend and only upon receipt by the Warrant Agent of a written certification from the transferor
in the form attached as Exhibit D to the Warrant Certificate for exchange or registration of transfers and, as applicable, delivery
of such legal opinions, certifications and other information as may be requested pursuant thereto. In addition, in the case of a transfer
of a beneficial interest in either a Regulation S Global Warrant or a Rule 144A Global Warrant for an interest in an IAI Global Warrant,
the transferee must furnish a signed letter substantially in the form attached as Exhibit E to the Warrant Certificate to the Warrant
Agent.

(2)During the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in the Regulation S Global Warrant may only be sold,
pledged or transferred in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary, the Restricted Warrants Legend on such Regulation
S Global Warrant and any applicable securities laws of any state of the U.S. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period,
transfers by an owner of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Warrant to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest
through a Rule 144A Global Warrant or an IAI Global Warrant shall be made only in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary
and the Restricted Warrants Legend and upon receipt by the Warrant Agent of a written certification from the transferor of the beneficial
interest in the form attached as Exhibit D to the Warrant Certificate for exchange or registration of transfers. Such written certification
shall no longer be required after the expiration of the Distribution Compliance

4

Period. Upon the expiration of the Distribution
Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in the Regulation S Global Warrant shall be transferable in accordance with applicable
law and the other terms of this Agreement.

(3)Upon the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Warrant may be exchanged
for beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Warrant upon certification in the form attached as Exhibit D to the Warrant
Certificate for an exchange from a Regulation S Global Warrant to an Unrestricted Global Warrant.

(4)Beneficial interests in a Transfer Restricted Warrant that is a Rule 144A Global Warrant or an IAI Global Warrant may be exchanged
for beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Warrant if the Holder certifies in writing to the Warrant Agent that its request for
such exchange is in respect of a transfer made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in reliance on
Rule 144 (such certification to be in the form set forth in Exhibit D attached to the Warrant Certificate) or, if requested, at
any time following the Resale Restriction Termination Date and upon delivery of such legal opinions, certifications and other information
as the Company or the Warrant Agent may reasonably request.

(c)Transfer and Exchange of Book-Entry Warrants. Book-Entry Warrants surrendered for exchange or for registration of transfer
pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 6(c) or Section 6(j)(iv), shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. Such cancelled Book-Entry Warrants
shall then be disposed of by or at the direction of the Company in accordance with applicable law. When Book-Entry Warrants are presented
to or deposited with the Warrant Agent with a written request:

(i)to register the transfer of the Book-Entry Warrants; or

(ii)to exchange such Book-Entry Warrants for an equal number of Book-Entry Warrants of other authorized denominations;

then in each case the Warrant Agent shall register
the transfer or make the exchange as requested if its requirements for such transactions are met; provided, however, that the Warrant
Agent has received a written instruction of transfer in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Warrant Agent, duly executed by the Warrantholder
thereof or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing.

(d)Restrictions on Exchange or Transfer of a Book-Entry Warrant for a Beneficial Interest in a Global Warrant Certificate.
A Book-Entry Warrant may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate except upon satisfaction of the requirements
set forth below. Upon receipt by the Warrant Agent of appropriate instruments of transfer with respect to a Book-Entry Warrant, in a form
reasonably satisfactory to the Warrant Agent, together with written instructions directing the Warrant Agent to make, or to direct the
Depositary to make, an endorsement on the Global Warrant Certificate to reflect an increase in the number of Warrants represented by the
Global Warrant Certificate equal to the number of Warrants represented by such Book-Entry Warrant (such instruments of transfer and instructions
to be duly executed by the holder thereof or the duly appointed legal representative thereof or by his attorney, duly authorized in writing,
such signatures to be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution to the extent

5

required by the Warrant Agent or the Depositary),
then the Warrant Agent shall cancel such Book-Entry Warrant on the Warrant Register and cause, or direct the Depositary to cause, in accordance
with the standing instructions and procedures existing between the Depositary and the Warrant Agent, the number of Warrants represented
by the Global Warrant Certificate to be increased accordingly. If no Global Warrant Certificates are then outstanding, the Company shall
issue and the Warrant Agent shall countersign a new Global Warrant Certificate representing the appropriate number of Warrants.

(e)Restrictions on Exchange or Transfer of Global Warrant Certificates. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
(other than the provisions set forth in Section 6(f)), unless and until it is exchanged in whole for a Book-Entry Warrant, a Global Warrant
Certificate may not be transferred as a whole except by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary
to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee
of such successor Depositary.

(f)Book-Entry Warrants. If at any time, the Depositary for the Global Warrant Certificates notifies the Company that the Depositary
is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Warrant Certificates and a successor Depositary for the Global Warrant
Certificates is not appointed by the Company within ninety (90) days after delivery of such notice, then the Warrant Agent, upon written
instructions signed by an Appropriate Officer of the Company and all other necessary information, shall register Book-Entry Warrants,
in an aggregate number equal to the number of Warrants represented by the Global Warrant Certificates, in exchange for such Global Warrant
Certificates, in such names and in such amounts as directed by the Depositary or, in the absence of instructions from the Depositary,
the Company.

(g)Restrictions on Transfers of Warrants. No Warrants shall be sold, exchanged or otherwise transferred in violation of the
Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. Each Warrantholder, by its acceptance of any Warrant under this Agreement, acknowledges
and agrees that the Warrants (including any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise thereof) were issued pursuant to an exemption from the
registration requirement of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by (i) Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation S and
such Warrantholder may not be able to sell or transfer any Warrants or Warrant Shares in the absence of an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration thereunder or (ii) section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, and to the extent that
such Warrantholder is an underwriter as defined in Section 1145(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, such Warrantholder may not
be able to sell or transfer Warrants in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from
registration thereunder. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement (but without limiting or modifying any express obligation
of the Warrant Agent hereunder), the Warrant Agent shall not be under any duty or responsibility to ensure compliance by the Company,
any Warrantholder, or any other Person with any applicable federal or state securities laws.

(h)Cancellation of Global Warrant Certificate. At such time as all beneficial interests in Global Warrant Certificates have
either been exchanged for Book-Entry Warrants, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, all Global Warrant Certificates shall be returned to,
or retained and

6

cancelled by, the Warrant Agent, upon written
instructions from the Company satisfactory to the Warrant Agent.

(i)Certain Additional Exchanges

(i)Exchanges of a Beneficial Interest in a Tranche 2 Global Warrant Certificate for a Beneficial Interest in a Global Warrant Certificate.
Upon an exchange (a Tranche 2 Global Warrant Exchange) by a warrantholder of a beneficial interest in a Tranche
2 Global Warrant Certificate pursuant to Section 6(i)(i) of the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement for a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant
Certificate (as such terms are defined below), the Warrant Agent shall (A) cause, in accordance with the standing instructions and procedures
existing between the Depositary and Warrant Agent, the number of Warrants represented by the Global Warrant Certificate to be increased
by the number of Tranche 2 Warrants subject to the Tranche 2 Global Warrant Exchange and (B) deliver to such warrantholder a beneficial
interest in such Global Warrant Certificate representing all such Warrants issued in connection with such Tranche 2 Global Warrant Exchange.

(ii)Exchanges of Tranche 2 Book-Entry Warrants for Book-Entry Warrants. Upon an exchange (a Tranche 2 Book-Entry
Warrant Exchange) by a warrantholder of Tranche 2 Book-Entry Warrants (as defined below) pursuant to Section 6(i)(ii) of
the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement for an equal number of Book-Entry Warrants, the Warrant Agent and the Company shall cause to be issued
in such warrantholders name a number of Book-Entry Warrants equal to the number of Tranche 2 Book-Entry Warrants exchanged in the
Tranche 2 Book-Entry Warrant Exchange; provided, however, that the Warrant Agent has received a written instruction in a form reasonably
satisfactory to the Warrant Agent, duly executed by the warrantholder in such Tranche 2 Book-Entry Warrant Exchange.

(iii)Upon any Tranche 2 Warrant Exchange (as defined below), the holder of any Warrants issued upon such Tranche 2 Warrant Exchange
shall be deemed to be a Warrantholder for purposes of this Agreement and the original issue date of the applicable Tranche 2 Warrants
exchanged in such Tranche 2 Warrant Exchange shall be deemed for all purposes to be the original issue date of such Warrants. No legal
opinion shall be required by the Company or the Warrant Agent in connection with any Tranche 2 Warrant Exchange.

(iv)For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder may only exchange (A) beneficial interests in a Tranche 2 IAI Global Warrant for beneficial
interests in an IAI Global Warrant, (B) beneficial interests in a Tranche 2 Regulation S Global Warrant for beneficial interests in a
Regulation S Global Warrant (unless the Distribution Compliance Period has expired prior to the time of such exchange, in which case,
beneficial interests in a Tranche 2 Regulation S Global Warrant may be exchanged for beneficial interests in an IAI Global Warrant or
a Rule 144A Global Warrant), (C) beneficial interests in a Tranche 2 Rule 144A Global Warrant for beneficial interests in a Rule 144A
Global Warrant and (D) Tranche 2 Book Entry Warrants for Book-Entry Warrants bearing substantially similar restricted legends,
if any; provided, that, in the case of (A) or (C) above, if at the time of the exchange, the Warrantholder is not an Affiliate of the
Company and such exchange occurs after the Resale Restriction Termination Date, then the Warrantholder may exchange its beneficial interests
in such Tranche 2 Global Warrant Certificate

7

for beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global
Warrant or, in the case of (D) above, an unrestricted Book-Entry Warrant. 

(v)For purposes of this Agreement, the terms (i) Tranche 2 Warrants means those certain warrants issued
pursuant to that certain Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement dated as of the date hereof by and between the Company and the Warrant Agent (the
Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement), (ii) Tranche 2 Global Warrant Certificate has the
meaning given to the term Global Warrant Certificate in the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement, (iii) Tranche 2 Book-Entry
Warrants has the meaning given to the term Book-Entry Warrants in the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement, (iv) Tranche
2 Warrant Exchange means a Tranche 2 Global Warrant Exchange or a Tranche 2 Book-Entry Warrant Exchange, as applicable,
(v) Tranche 2 IAI Global Warrant has the meaning given to the term IAI Global Warrant in the Tranche
2 Warrant Agreement, (vi) Tranche 2 Regulation S Global Warrant has the meaning given to Regulation
S Global Warrant in the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement and (vii) Tranche 2 Rule 144A Global Warrant has
the meaning given to Rule 144A Global Warrant in the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement.

(j)Obligations with Respect to Transfers and Exchanges of Warrants.

(i)To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company shall execute Global Warrant Certificates, if applicable, and the
Warrant Agent is hereby authorized, in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 and this Section 6, to countersign such Global Warrant
Certificates, if applicable, or register Book-Entry Warrants, if applicable, as required pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6
and for the purpose of any distribution of new Global Warrant Certificates contemplated by Section 9 or additional Global Warrant Certificates
contemplated by Section 14.

(ii)All Global Warrant Certificates and Book-Entry Warrants issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Warrant
Certificates or Book-Entry Warrants shall be the valid obligations of the Company, entitled to the same benefits under this Agreement
as the Global Warrant Certificates or Book-Entry Warrants surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(iii)No service charge shall be made to a Warrantholder for any registration, transfer or exchange but the Company may require payment
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp or other tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed on the Warrantholder in connection
with any such exchange or registration of transfer. Neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be required to pay any tax or taxes
which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance of Warrants or any certificates for Warrant Shares in a name
other than that of the Warrantholder of the surrendered Warrants, and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such Warrants
or the certificates representing the Warrant Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid
to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Warrant
Agent shall have no duty to deliver such Warrants or the certificates representing such Warrant Shares unless and until it is reasonably
satisfied that all such taxes and charges have been paid.

8

(iv) So long as the Depositary, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a Global Warrant Certificate, the Depositary or such nominee,
as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or Warrantholder of the Warrants represented by such Global Warrant Certificate
for all purposes under this Agreement. Except as provided in Section 6(b) and Section 6(f) upon the exchange of a beneficial interest
in a Global Warrant Certificate for Book-Entry Warrants, owners of beneficial interests in a Global Warrant Certificate will not be entitled
to have any Warrants registered in their names, and will under no circumstances be entitled to receive physical delivery of any such Warrants
and will not be considered the owners or Warrantholders thereof under the Warrants or this Agreement. Neither the Company nor the Warrant
Agent, in its capacity as registrar for such Warrants, will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating
to beneficial interests in a Global Warrant Certificate or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial
interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) any Warrantholder of a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate may grant proxies
and otherwise authorize any Person, including Depositary Participants and Persons that hold interests in Warrants through Depositary Participants,
to take any action that such Warrantholder is entitled to take with respect to the Warrant represented by such Global Warrant Certificate
under this Agreement, and (y) the Company and its agents, may give effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished
by the Depositary.

(v)Subject to Section 6(b), Section 6(c) and Section 6(d) hereof, and this Section 6(j), the Warrant Agent shall, upon receipt of
all information required to be delivered hereunder and any evidence of authority that may be reasonably required by the Warrant Agent,
from time to time register the transfer of any outstanding Warrants in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of Global Warrant Certificates,
if applicable, representing such Warrants at the Warrant Agent Office (as defined below), duly endorsed, and accompanied by a completed
form of assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto (or with respect to a Book-Entry Warrant, only such completed
form of assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto), duly signed by the Warrantholder thereof or by the duly appointed
legal representative thereof or by a duly authorized attorney. Upon any such registration of transfer, a new Global Warrant Certificate
or a Warrant Statement, as the case may be, shall be issued to the transferee.

Section
7.Exercise of
Warrants.

(a)Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Warrant shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time
beginning on and after the Issue Date.

(b)Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Warrantholder may exercise the Warrants as follows:

(i)registered holders of Book-Entry Warrants must provide written notice of such exercise election (Warrant Exercise
Notice) to the Company and the Warrant Agent at the addresses set forth in Section 25, which Warrant Exercise Notice shall
be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-1 hereto, properly completed and executed by the registered holder of the Book-Entry
Warrant and paying either (x) the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares in respect of which any Warrants
are being exercised on the date the notice is provided to the Warrant Agent in the manner set forth in Section 7(c), or (y) in the case
of a

9

Cashless Exercise, paying the required consideration
in the manner set forth in Section 7(d), in each case, together with any applicable taxes and governmental charges; or

(ii)with respect to Warrants held through the book-entry facilities of the Depositary, (x) a Warrant Exercise Notice to exercise the
Warrant must be sent to the Company and the Warrant Agent at the addresses set forth in Section 25, which Warrant Exercise Notice shall
be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-2 hereto, properly completed and executed by the Warrantholder, and (y) a payment
must be made, of (A) the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares in respect of which any Warrants are being
exercised in the manner set forth in Section 7(c), or (B) in the case of a Cashless Exercise (as defined below), the required consideration
in the manner set forth in Section 7(d), in each case, together with any applicable taxes and governmental charges; provided that
any person with a beneficial interest in such Warrants shall effect compliance with the requirements of this Section 7(b)(ii) by or through
the applicable Depositary Participant in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary.

(c)Except in the case of a Cashless Exercise, the aggregate Exercise Price shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of
America either by wire transfer, certified or official bank or bank cashiers check payable to the order of the Company, or otherwise
as agreed with the Company.

(d)In lieu of paying the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth in Section 7(c), subject to the provisions of this Agreement, each
Warrant shall entitle the Warrantholder, at the election of such Warrantholder, to exercise the Warrant by authorizing the Company to
withhold from issuance a number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of all Warrants being exercised by such Warrantholder at such
time which, when multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares, is equal to the aggregate Exercise Price, and such withheld
Warrant Shares shall no longer be issuable under such Warrants (a Cashless Exercise). The formula for determining
the number of Warrant Shares to be issued in a Cashless Exercise is as follows:

Where: X = the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise pursuant to this subsection (d).

A = the Fair Market Value of one Warrant Share on the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which the Warrantholder delivers
the Warrant Exercise Notice pursuant to subsection (b) above.

B = the Exercise Price then in effect.

C = the number of Warrant Shares as to which a Warrant is then being exercised (including the withheld Warrant Shares).

If the foregoing calculation
results in nil or a negative number, then no Warrant Shares shall be issuable via a Cashless Exercise.

10

Upon receipt of an Exercise
Notice for a Cashless Exercise, the Warrant Agent shall deliver a copy of the Warrant Exercise Notice to the Company and the Company shall
promptly calculate and transmit to the Warrant Agent in writing, the number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection with such Cashless
Exercise. The Warrant Agent shall have no obligation under this Agreement to calculate the number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection
with a Cashless Exercise, nor shall the Warrant Agent have any duty or obligation to investigate or confirm whether the Companys
determination of the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon such Cashless Exercise, pursuant to this Section
7(d), is accurate or correct.

(e)Any exercise of a Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be irrevocable and shall constitute a binding agreement
between the Warrantholder and the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms; provided that notwithstanding any other provision
hereof, (i) an exercise shall be revocable to the extent provided in Section 12 and (ii) if an exercise is to be made in connection with
a transaction described in Section 19(b), Section 19(c), or Section 19(d), such exercise may, at the election of the Warrantholder, be
conditioned upon the consummation of such transaction, in which case such exercise shall not be deemed to be effective until immediately
prior to the consummation of such transaction.

(f)The Warrant Agent shall:

(i)examine all Warrant Exercise Notices and all other documents delivered to it by or on behalf of the Warrantholders as contemplated
hereunder to ascertain whether or not, on their face, such Warrant Exercise Notices and any such other documents have been executed and
completed in accordance with their terms and the terms hereof;

(ii)where a Warrant Exercise Notice or other document appears on its face to have been improperly completed or executed or some other
irregularity in connection with the exercise of the Warrants exists, the Warrant Agent shall endeavor to inform the appropriate parties
(including the Person submitting such instrument) of the need for fulfillment of all requirements, specifying those requirements which
appear to be unfulfilled;

(iii)inform the Company of and cooperate with and assist the Company in resolving discrepancies between Warrant Exercise Notices received
and delivery of Warrants to the Warrant Agents account;

(iv)advise the Company no later than one (1) Business Day after receipt of a Warrant Exercise Notice, of (i) the receipt of such Warrant
Exercise Notice and the number of Warrants exercised in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (ii) the instructions
with respect to delivery of the Warrant Shares deliverable upon such exercise, subject to timely receipt from the Depositary of the necessary
information, and (iii) such other information as the Company shall reasonably require; and

(v)subject to Warrant Shares being made available to the Warrant Agent by or on behalf of the Company for delivery to the Depositary,
liaise with the Depositary and endeavor to effect such delivery to the relevant accounts at the Depositary in accordance with its requirements.

11

(g) All questions as to the validity, form and sufficiency (including time of receipt) of a Warrant Exercise Notice will be determined
by the Company (acting in good faith). The Warrant Agent shall incur no liability for or in respect of such determination by the Company.
The Company reserves the right to reject any and all Warrant Exercise Notices not in proper form. Such determination by the Company (acting
in good faith) shall be final and binding on the Warrantholders, absent manifest error. The Company reserves the absolute right to waive
any of the conditions to the exercise of Warrants or defects in Warrant Exercise Notices with regard to any particular exercise of Warrants.

(h)As soon as practicable (and no later than one (1) Business Day) after the exercise of any Warrant as set forth in subsection (e),
the Company shall issue, or otherwise deliver, or cause to be issued or delivered, in authorized denominations to or upon the order of
the Warrantholder of the Warrants, either:

(i)if such Warrantholder holds the Warrants being exercised through the Depositarys book-entry transfer facilities, by same-day
or next-day credit to the Depositary for the account of such Warrantholder or for the account of a Depositary Participant the number of
Warrant Shares to which such Warrantholder is entitled, in each case registered in such name and delivered to such account as directed
in the Warrant Exercise Notice by such Warrantholder or by the Depositary Participant through which such Warrantholder is acting, or

(ii)if such Warrantholder holds the Warrants being exercised in the form of Book-Entry Warrants, a book-entry interest in the Warrant
Shares registered on the books of the Transfer Agent (as defined below) or, at the Companys option, by delivery to the address
designated by such Warrantholder in its Warrant Exercise Notice of a physical certificate representing the number of Warrant Shares to
which such Warrantholder is entitled, in fully registered form, registered in such name or names as may be directed by such Warrantholder.
Such Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued and any Person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become
a Warrantholder as of the Close of Business on the date of the delivery thereof.

If less than all of the Warrants
evidenced by a Global Warrant Certificate surrendered upon the exercise of Warrants are exercised, the Warrant Agent shall cause the Depositary
to endorse the Schedule of Decreases of Warrants attached to the Global Warrant Certificate to reflect the Warrants being
exercised. The Person in whose name any certificate or certificates for the Warrant Shares are to be issued (or such Warrant Shares are
to be registered, in the case of a book-entry transfer) upon exercise of a Warrant shall be deemed to have become a stockholder of such
Warrant Shares on the date such Warrant Exercise Notice is delivered.

Section
8.Cancellation
of Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall cancel all Global Warrant Certificates surrendered for exchange, substitution, transfer or exercise
in whole or in part. Such cancelled Global Warrant Certificates shall thereafter be disposed of in a manner satisfactory to the Company
provided in writing to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent shall (x) advise an authorized representative of the Company as directed by
the Company by the end of each day or on the next Business Day following each day on which Warrants were exercised, of (i) the number
of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of a Warrant, (ii) the delivery of Global Warrant Certificates evidencing the balance,
if any, of the shares of Common Stock

12

issuable after such exercise of the Warrant and
(iii) such other information as the Company shall reasonably require and (y) forward funds received for warrant exercises in a given month
by the fifth (5th) Business Day of the following month by wire transfer to an account designated by the Company. The Warrant Agent promptly
shall confirm such information to the Company in writing. The Warrant Agent shall keep copies of this Agreement and any notices given
or received hereunder.

Section
9.Mutilated
or Missing Global Warrant Certificates. If any of the Global Warrant Certificates shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed and
in the absence of notice to the Company or the Warrant Agent that such Warrant Certificate has been acquired by a protected purchaser
within the meaning of Section 8-405 of the Uniform Commercial Code or by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall issue, and the Warrant
Agent shall countersign by either manual, electronic or facsimile signature and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation
of the mutilated Global Warrant Certificate, or in lieu of and substitution for the Global Warrant Certificate lost, stolen or destroyed,
a new Global Warrant Certificate of like tenor and representing an equivalent number of Warrants, but only upon receipt of (i) evidence
reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent of the loss, theft or destruction of such Global Warrant Certificate; and
(ii) such other reasonable requirements as may be imposed by the Company or the Warrant Agent as permitted by Section 8-405 of the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York. 

Section
10.Reservation of Warrant Shares.
For the purpose of enabling it to satisfy any obligation to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of Warrants, the Company shall, at all
times, reserve and keep available, free from preemptive rights and out of its aggregate authorized but unissued or treasury shares of
Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants), such number of shares of Common Stock (or other
securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) equal to the number of Warrant Shares deliverable upon the exercise of
all outstanding Warrants (assuming for these purposes that (i) all outstanding Warrants are exercised on a basis other than a Cashless
Exercise and (ii) the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not limit the issuance of Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any outstanding
Warrants), and the Company shall instruct the transfer agent for the Companys Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants) (such agent, in such capacity, as may from time to time be appointed by the Company, the Transfer
Agent) to reserve such number of authorized and unissued or treasury shares of Common Stock (or other securities at the
time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) as shall be required for such purpose. The Company shall keep a copy of this Agreement on
file with such Transfer Agent and with every transfer agent for any Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of Warrants pursuant to
Section 7. The Warrant Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized to requisition from time to time from such Transfer Agent stock certificates
issuable upon exercise of outstanding Warrants, and the Company shall supply such Transfer Agent with duly executed stock certificates
for such purpose.

The Company covenants that all
Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of the Warrants will, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens, charges and security interests created by or imposed upon
the Company with respect to the issuance and holding thereof.

13

Section
11.Listing. The Company shall cause the Warrant
Shares, immediately upon exercise of the Warrants, to be listed on any securities exchange upon which shares of Common Stock or other
securities constituting Warrant Shares are listed at the time of such exercise.

Section
12.Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of Exchange Act compliance, the Company shall not effect any exercise
of Warrants, and the Warrantholder shall not have the right to exercise its Warrants, and any such exercise shall be null and void and
shall be cancelled ab initio and treated as if never made, to the extent that, after giving effect to the exercise set forth on the applicable
Warrant Exercise Notice, the Warrantholder together with the Warrantholders Attribution Parties (as defined below) collectively
would beneficially own in excess of 9.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding (as such amount is adjusted pursuant
to this Section 12, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). Any portion of an exercise that would
result in the issuance of shares in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (such shares of Common Stock in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, the Excess Shares), shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio,
and the Warrantholder and its Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote or transfer any such Excess Shares. For purposes of
this Section 12, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Warrantholder and its Attribution Parties shall
include the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining, unexercised and non-cancelled Warrants
by the Warrantholder or any of its Attribution Parties and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised, non-converted or non-cancelled
portion of any other securities of the Company (including any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock), that is subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein and is beneficially owned by the Warrantholder or any of its Attribution
Parties. Other than as set forth in the previous sentence, for purposes of this Section 12, beneficial ownership shall be
calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of
this Agreement, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Warrantholder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as the case may be, filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission prior to the date of Warrantholders Warrant Exercise Notice, (y) a more recent public announcement
by the Company or (z) any other notice by the Company or its Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
(the Reported Share Outstanding Number). If the Company receives a Warrant Exercise Notice at a
time when the actual number of shares of Common Stock outstanding is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall
notify the Warrantholder submitting such Warrant Exercise Notice in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and,
to the extent that such Warrant Exercise Notice would otherwise cause such Warrantholder to exceed the applicable Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, such Warrantholder must notify the Company of a reduced number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon exercise pursuant
to such Warrant Exercise Notice so as to comply with the applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Upon the written request
of the Warrantholder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm in writing or by electronic mail to the Warrantholder the
number of shares

14

of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case,
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of
the Company, including the Warrants, by the Warrantholder or any of its Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of
outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Warrantholder, upon prior written notice to the Company, may increase or decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation applicable to such Warrantholder, provided, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no
event exceeds 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the Warrants held by the Warrantholder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 12
shall continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until (A), in the
case of an increase in the applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the
Company and (B) in the case of a decrease in the applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the later of the time of delivery of such
notice and such date and time as specified in such notice. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Warrantholder
or any of its Attribution Parties for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the Exchange Act. For
purposes of this Section 12 and Exhibit B-1 and Exhibit B-2, Attribution Parties means, collectively,
the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including, any funds, feeder funds or managed accounts, currently,
or from time to time after the date hereof, directly or indirectly managed or advised by the Warrantholders investment manager
or any of its affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect affiliates of the Warrantholder or any of the foregoing, (iii) any
Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Section 13(d) group together with the Warrantholder or any Attribution Party and
(iv) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Warrantholders
and/or any other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The provisions of this
Section 12 shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this section to the extent
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The limitation contained in this Section 12 may
not be waived and shall apply to any successor holder of the Warrant. For purposes of this Section 12 (and any related defined
terms used in interpreting this Section 12), Warrantholder means the Ultimate Warrantholder in the case of a Global Warrant
Certificate.

Section
13.Representations and Warranties of
the Company. Subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth therein, the Company is deemed to have made the representations
and warranties set forth in Article IV of the Backstop Commitment Agreement, as such representations and warranties shall apply to the
Company, this Agreement, and the Warrant Shares, mutatis mutandis.

Section
14.Adjustments and Other Rights of Warrants.

(a)Dividends and Distributions. Subject to the provisions of this Section 14(a), if the Company shall, at any time or from
time to time after the Issue Date, make or declare, or fix a record date for the determination of holders of Common Stock (or other securities
at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) entitled to receive, a dividend or any other distribution payable in securities of
the Company (other than a dividend or distribution of shares of Common

15

Stock (or other securities at the time issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants), options, or other convertible securities in respect of outstanding shares of Common Stock (or other securities
at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants)), Cash, or other property, then, and in each such event, the Warrantholder shall receive,
simultaneously with the distribution to the holders of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants),
the kind and amount of securities of the Company, Cash, or other property which the Warrantholder would have been entitled to receive
had its Warrants been exercised in full into Warrant Shares on the date of such event (without regard to any limitations on exercise thereof,
including the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), giving application to all adjustments called for during such period under this Section
14 with respect to the rights of the Warrantholder; provided, however, to the extent that the Warrantholders right
to participate in any such distribution would result in the Warrantholder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, if applicable,
then the Warrantholder shall not be entitled to participate in such distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any
shares of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) as a result of such distribution to such
extent) and the portion of such distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Warrantholder until such time, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Warrantholder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, if applicable.

(b)Adjustment to Number of Warrant Shares Upon Dividend, Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company shall,
at any time or from time to time after the Issue Date, (i) pay a dividend or make any other distribution upon the Common Stock or any
other capital stock of the Company payable in shares of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants)
or Common Stock Equivalents, or (ii) subdivide (by any stock split, recapitalization, or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock
(or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) into a greater number of shares or securities, the number of
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to any such dividend, distribution, or subdivision shall be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time combines (by combination, reverse stock split, or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock
(or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) into a smaller number of shares or securities, the number of
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 14(b) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the dividend, subdivision, or combination becomes
effective.

(c)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 14(b), if at any time after the Issue Date
the Company grants, issues or sells any rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property other than Common Stock Equivalents
pro rata to the record holders of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) (the Purchase
Rights), then each Warrantholder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate
Purchase Rights which such Warrantholder could have acquired if such Warrantholder had held the number of shares of Common Stock (or other
securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) acquirable upon complete exercise of the Warrants (without regard to any
limitations on exercise hereof, including the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken
for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common
Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon

16

exercise of the Warrants) are to be determined
for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that any Warrantholders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in such Warrantholder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then
such Warrantholder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent, and such Purchase Right to such extent
shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

(d)Adjustment to Warrant Shares Upon Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, or Merger. In the event of any (i) capital
reorganization of the Company, (ii) reclassification of the stock of the Company (other than as a result of a stock dividend or subdivision,
split-up, or combination of shares to which Section 14(b) applies), (iii) consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another
Person, (iv) sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to another Person or (v) other similar transaction, in each
case which entitles the holders of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) to receive (either
directly or upon subsequent liquidation) stock, securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Stock, the Warrants
shall, immediately after such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, or similar transaction, remain outstanding
and shall thereafter, in lieu of or in addition to (as the case may be) the number of Warrant Shares then exercisable under the Warrants,
be exercisable for the kind and number of shares of stock or other securities or assets of the Company or of the successor Person resulting
from such transaction to which the Warrantholder would have been entitled upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, or similar transaction if the Warrantholder had exercised its Warrants in full (without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation) immediately prior to the time of such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, or similar transaction
and acquired the applicable number of Warrant Shares then issuable hereunder as a result of such exercise (without taking into account
any limitations or restrictions on the exercisability of the Warrants); and, in such case, appropriate adjustment (in form and substance
satisfactory to the holders of a majority of the Warrant Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement) shall be made with respect to the
Warrantholders rights under this Agreement to ensure that the provisions of this Agreement shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly
as possible, to this Agreement in relation to any shares of stock, securities, or assets thereafter acquirable upon exercise of the Warrants;
provided that if the consideration for any such transaction consists solely of Cash, on the effective date of such transaction,
each Warrantholder shall receive, at the same time and upon the same terms as the holders of Common Stock receive Cash in exchange for
their shares of Common Stock, Cash in an amount equal to (x) the amount of Cash that such Warrantholder would receive for the number of
Warrant Shares then exercisable under its Warrants, as of the record date for such transaction (without giving effect to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation), minus (y) an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on such record date multiplied by the number of Warrant
Shares then exercisable under the Warrantholders Warrants on such record date (without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation), and upon the Companys delivery of such Cash (if any) in respect of such Warrants, such Warrants shall be deemed to
have been exercised in full and canceled. The provisions of this Section 14(d) shall similarly apply to successive reorganizations, reclassifications,
consolidations, mergers, sales, or similar transactions. The Company shall not effect any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, or similar transaction unless, prior to the consummation thereof, the successor Person (if other than the Company) resulting
from such

17

reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, or similar transaction, shall assume, by written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Agreement,
the obligation to deliver to the Warrantholder such shares of stock, securities, or assets which, in accordance with the foregoing provisions,
the Warrantholder shall be entitled to receive upon exercise of the Warrants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
with respect to any corporate event or other transaction contemplated by the provisions of this Section 14(d), the Warrantholder shall
have the right to elect prior to the consummation of such event or transaction, to give effect to the exercise rights contained in this
Agreement instead of giving effect to the provisions contained in this Section 14(d) with respect to this Agreement.

(e)Certain Events.

(i)If any event of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 14 but not expressly provided for by such provisions occurs,
then the Board shall consider, in good faith, whether to make an appropriate adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants so as to protect the rights of the Warrantholder in a manner consistent with the provisions of this Section 14;
provided, that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 14(e) shall decrease the number of Warrant Shares issuable, or increase
the Exercise Price payable, as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 14.

(ii)The Company shall not take any action which would cause the Exercise Price then in effect (or as adjusted after the application
of any adjustment pursuant to this Section 14(e)) to be less than the par value per share of the unissued Warrant Shares acquirable upon
exercise of the Warrants.

(iii)If the Company at any time decreases the par value per share of the unissued Warrant Shares, the Exercise Price shall be decreased
to equal the decreased par value per share.

(f)Certificate as to Adjustment.

(i)As promptly as reasonably practicable following any adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Section 14, but in any event not later
than ten (10) days thereafter, the Company shall furnish to the Warrantholder a certificate of an executive officer setting forth in reasonable
detail such adjustment and the facts upon which it is based and certifying the calculation thereof.

(ii)As promptly as reasonably practicable following the receipt by the Company of a written request by the Warrantholder, but in any
event not later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter, the Company shall furnish to the Warrantholder a certificate of an executive officer
certifying the amount of other shares of stock, securities, or assets then issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

(g)No Adjustment for Permitted Transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, no adjustment shall be made
under this Section 14 in connection with any Permitted Transaction.

Section
15.No Impairment. The Company shall
not, by amendment, modification, or waiver of any term or provision of its governing documents, or through any reorganization, transfer
of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary

18

action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance
or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed by it hereunder, but shall at all times in good faith assist in the carrying
out of all the provisions of this Agreement and in the taking of all such action as may reasonably be requested by the Warrantholder
in order to protect the rights of the Warrantholder.

Section
16.Registration Rights Agreement.
The Company and the Initial Warrantholders are parties to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025 (as
such agreement may be amended or amended and restated from time to time, the Registration Rights Agreement).
In the event that any Ultimate Warrantholder is not already a party to the Registration Rights Agreement, such Ultimate Warrantholder
may execute and deliver to the Company a Joinder (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), and the Company shall promptly accept
same to the extent each party is permitted to do so in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement.

Section
17.No Fractional Shares. The Company
shall not be required to issue Warrants to purchase fractions of Warrant Shares, or to issue fractions of Warrant Shares upon exercise
of the Warrants, or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional Warrant Shares and no Cash shall be distributed in lieu of such
fractional shares or rights. If more than one Warrant shall be presented for exercise in full at the same time by the same Warrantholder,
the number of full Warrant Shares which shall be issuable upon the exercise thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number
of Warrant Shares purchasable on exercise of the Warrants so presented. If any fraction of a Warrant Share would, except for the provisions
of this Section 17, be issuable on the exercise of any Warrants (or specified portion thereof), as applicable, such Warrant Share shall
be rounded up to the next highest whole number.

Section
18.Redemption. The Warrants shall
not be redeemable by the Company or any other Person, in whole or in part.

Section
19.Required Notices to Warrantholders. In
the event the Company shall:

(a)take any action that would result in an adjustment to the Exercise Price and/or the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise
of a Warrant pursuant to Section 14;

(b)consummate any Winding Up;

(c)consummate any capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification of the Common Stock (or other securities at the time
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants), any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another Person, or any sale of all or
substantially all of the Companys assets to another Person; or

(d)make or declare, or fix a record date for the determination of stockholders of Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities
at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrant) entitled to receive, a dividend or any other distribution payable in securities of
the Company, Cash or other property (each of (a), (b), (c) or (d), an Action);

then, in each such case, the Company shall cause
to be delivered to the Warrant Agent and shall direct the Warrant Agent to give written notice thereof to each Warrantholder at such Warrantholders
address appearing on the Warrant Register, in accordance with Section 25, a

19

written notice of such Action. Such
notice shall be given to the Warrantholders promptly, and in any event no later than ten (10) days prior to the applicable record date
or the applicable expected effective date, as the case may be, for such Action. If at any time the Company shall cancel any of the Actions
for which notice has been given under this Section 19 prior to the consummation thereof, the Company shall give the Warrantholder prompt
written notice of such cancellation in accordance with Section 25.

Section
20.Merger, Consolidation or Change of
Name of Warrant Agent. Any Person into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or
any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent is a party, or any Person succeeding to the
shareholder services business of the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent, shall be the successor to the Warrant Agent hereunder
without the execution or filing of any document or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, if such Person would be eligible
for appointment as a successor Warrant Agent under the provisions of Section 22. If any of the Global Warrant Certificates have been countersigned
but not delivered at the time such successor to the Warrant Agent succeeds under this Agreement, any such successor to the Warrant Agent
may adopt the countersignature of the original Warrant Agent; and if at that time any of the Global Warrant Certificates shall not have
been countersigned, any successor to the Warrant Agent may countersign such Global Warrant Certificates either in the name of the predecessor
Warrant Agent or in the name of the successor Warrant Agent; and in all such cases such Global Warrant Certificates shall have the full
force provided in the Global Warrant Certificates and in this Agreement.

If at any time the name of the
Warrant Agent is changed and at such time any of the Global Warrant Certificates have been countersigned but not delivered, the Warrant
Agent whose name has changed may adopt the countersignature under its prior name; and if at that time any of the Global Warrant Certificates
have not been countersigned, the Warrant Agent may countersign such Global Warrant Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed
name; and in all such cases such Global Warrant Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Global Warrant Certificates and
in this Agreement.

Section
21.Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent
undertakes only the duties and obligations expressly imposed by this Agreement and the Global Warrant Certificates, in each case upon
the following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the Warrantholders, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

(a)The statements contained herein and in the Global Warrant Certificates shall be taken as statements of the Company, and the Warrant
Agent assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of any of the same except to the extent that such statements describe the Warrant Agent
or action taken or to be taken by the Warrant Agent. Except as expressly provided herein, the Warrant Agent assumes no responsibility
with respect to the execution, delivery or distribution of the Global Warrant Certificates.

(b)The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any failure of the Company to comply with any of the covenants contained in this
Agreement or in the Global Warrant Certificates to be complied with by the Company, nor shall it at any time be under any duty or responsibility
to any Warrantholder to make or cause to be made any adjustment in the Exercise

20

Price or in the number of Warrants Shares any
Warrant is exercisable for (except as instructed in writing by the Company), or to determine whether any facts exist that may require
any such adjustments, or with respect to the nature or extent of or method employed in making any such adjustments when made.

(c)The Warrant Agent may consult at any time with counsel satisfactory to it (who may be counsel for the Company or an employee of
the Warrant Agent), and the advice or opinion of such counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection to the Warrant Agent
as to any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with such advice or opinion, absent gross negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct in the selection and continued retention of such counsel and the reliance on such counsels advice or opinion (each as
determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction).

(d)The Warrant Agent shall incur no liability or responsibility to the Company or to any Warrantholder for any action taken in reliance
in good faith on any written notice, resolution, waiver, consent, order, certificate or other paper, document or instrument believed by
it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or presented by the proper party or parties. The Warrant Agent shall not take any instructions
or directions except those given in accordance with this Agreement.

(e)The Company agrees to pay to the Warrant Agent reasonable compensation for all services rendered by the Warrant Agent under this
Agreement in accordance with a fee schedule to be mutually agreed upon, to reimburse the Warrant Agent upon demand for all reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including counsel fees and other disbursements, incurred by the Warrant Agent in the preparation,
administration, delivery, execution and amendment of this Agreement and the performance of its duties under this Agreement and to indemnify
the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all losses, liabilities and expenses, including judgments, damages, fines, penalties,
claims, demands and costs (including reasonable out-of-pocket counsel fees and expenses), for anything done or omitted by the Warrant
Agent arising out of or in connection with this Agreement except as a result of its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct
(each as determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction). The costs and expenses
incurred by the Warrant Agent in enforcing the right to indemnification shall be paid by the Company except to the extent that the Warrant
Agent is not entitled to indemnification due to its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (each as determined by a final non-appealable
order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be responsible
for any settlement made without its written consent; provided that nothing in this sentence shall limit the Companys obligations
contained in this paragraph other than pursuant to such a settlement.

(f)The Warrant Agent shall be under no obligation to institute any action, suit or legal proceeding or to take any other action likely
to involve expense or liability. All rights of action under this Agreement or under any of the Warrants may be enforced by the Warrant
Agent without the possession of any of the Warrants or the production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and any
such action, suit or proceeding instituted by the Warrant Agent shall be brought in its name as Warrant Agent, and any recovery or judgment
shall be for the ratable benefit of the Warrantholders, as their respective rights or interests may appear.

21

(g) The Warrant Agent, and any member, stockholder, affiliate, director, officer or employee thereof, may buy, sell or deal in any
of the Warrants or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company is interested,
or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it was not the Warrant Agent under this Agreement,
or a member, stockholder director, officer or employee of the Warrant Agent, as the case may be. Nothing herein shall preclude the Warrant
Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity.

(h)The Warrant Agent shall act hereunder solely as agent for the Company, and its duties shall be determined solely by the provisions
hereof. The Warrant Agent shall not be liable for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection with this Agreement except
in connection with its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (each as determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment,
ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the
Warrant Agent be liable for special, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including,
but not limited to, lost profits), even if the Warrant Agent has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.

(i)The Company agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying
out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

(j)The Warrant Agent shall not be under any responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery
hereof (except the due and validly authorized execution hereof by the Warrant Agent) or in respect of the validity or execution of any
Global Warrant Certificate (except its due and validly authorized countersignature thereof), nor shall the Warrant Agent by any act hereunder
be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of the Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant to
this Agreement or any Warrant or as to whether the Warrant Shares will when issued be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable or
as to the Exercise Price or the number of Warrant Shares a Warrant is exercisable for.

(k)Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the Warrant Agent deems it necessary or desirable that any fact
or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, the Warrant Agent is hereby authorized
and directed to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from an Appropriate Officer of the Company
and to apply to such Appropriate Officer for advice or instructions in connection with its duties, and such instructions shall be full
authorization and protection to the Warrant Agent and, absent gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (each as determined by
a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction), the Warrant Agent shall not be liable
for any action taken, suffered to be taken, or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with instructions of any such Appropriate Officer
or in reliance upon any statement signed by any one of such Appropriate Officers of the Company with respect to any fact or matter (unless
other evidence in respect thereof is herein specifically prescribed) which may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by
such signed

22

statement. The Warrant Agent shall not be held
to have notice of any change of authority of any Person, until receipt of written notice thereof from Company.

(l)Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Warrant Agents aggregate liability during any term of this
Agreement with respect to, arising from, or arising in connection with this Agreement, or from all services provided or omitted to be
provided under this Agreement, whether in contract, or in tort, or otherwise, is limited to, and shall not exceed, the amounts paid hereunder
by the Company to the Warrant Agent as fees and charges, but not including reimbursable expenses, during the twelve (12) months immediately
preceding the event for which recovery from Warrant Agent is being sought.

(m)No provision of this Agreement shall require the Warrant Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial
liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its rights if it believes that repayment of such funds
or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

(n)If the Warrant Agent shall receive any notice or demand (other than notice of or demand for exercise of Warrants) addressed to
the Company by any Warrantholder pursuant to the provisions of the Warrants, the Warrant Agent shall promptly forward such notice or demand
to the Company.

(o)The Warrant Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either
itself or by or through its attorneys, accountants, agents or other experts, and the Warrant Agent will not be answerable or accountable
for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company or the Warrantholders resulting
from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, absent gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the selection and continued
employment thereof (each as determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction).

(p)The Warrant Agent will not be under any duty or responsibility to ensure compliance with any applicable federal or state securities
laws in connection with the issuance, transfer or exchange of the Warrants.

(q)The Warrant Agent shall have no duties, responsibilities or obligations as the Warrant Agent except those which are expressly set
forth herein, and in any modification or amendment hereof to which the Warrant Agent has consented in writing, and no duties, responsibilities
or obligations shall be implied or inferred. Without limiting the foregoing, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
Warrant Agent shall not be subject to, nor be required to comply with, or determine if any Person has complied with, the Warrants or any
other agreement between or among the parties hereto, even though reference thereto may be made in this Agreement, or to comply with any
notice, instruction, direction, request or other communication, paper or document other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

(r)The Warrant Agent shall not incur any liability for not performing any act, duty, obligation or responsibility by reason of any
occurrence beyond the control of the Warrant Agent (including without limitation any act or provision of any present or future law or
regulation or

23

governmental authority, any act of God, war, civil
disorder or failure of any means of communication, terrorist acts, pandemics, epidemics, shortage of supply, breakdowns or malfunctions,
interruptions or malfunction of computer facilities, or loss of data due to power failures or mechanical difficulties with information
storage or retrieval systems, labor difficulties).

(s)In the event the Warrant Agent believes any ambiguity or uncertainty exists hereunder or in any notice, instruction, direction,
request or other communication, paper or document received by the Warrant Agent hereunder, or is for any reason unsure as to what action
to take hereunder, the Warrant Agent shall notify the Company in writing as soon as practicable, and upon delivery of such notice may,
in its sole discretion, refrain from taking any action, and shall be fully protected and shall not be liable in any way to the Company
or any Warrantholder or other Person for refraining from taking such action, unless the Warrant Agent receives written instructions signed
by the Company which eliminates such ambiguity or uncertainty to the satisfaction of Warrant Agent.

(t)The Warrant Agent and the Company agree that all books, records, information and data pertaining to the business of the other party,
including inter alia, personal, non-public Warrantholder information, which are exchanged or received pursuant to the negotiation or the
carrying out of this Agreement including the fees for services set forth in the attached schedule shall remain confidential, and shall
not be voluntarily disclosed to any other Person, except as may be required by law, including, without limitation, pursuant to subpoenas
from state or federal government authorities (e.g., in divorce and criminal actions).

(u)The provisions of this Section 21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the exercise or expiration of the Warrants and
the resignation or removal of the Warrant Agent.

(v)No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to relieve the Warrant Agent from liability for fraud, or its own gross negligence,
bad faith or its willful misconduct (each as determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent
jurisdiction).

Section
22.Change of Warrant Agent. If the
Warrant Agent resigns (such resignation to become effective not earlier than thirty (30) calendar days after the giving of written notice
thereof to the Company) or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or make an assignment
for the benefit of its creditors or consent to the appointment of a receiver of all or any substantial part of its property or affairs
or shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts generally
as they become due, or if an order of any court shall be entered approving any petition filed by or against the Warrant Agent under the
provisions of bankruptcy laws or any similar legislation, or if a receiver, trustee or other similar official of it or of all or any substantial
part of its property shall be appointed, or if any public officer shall take charge or control of it or of its property or affairs, for
the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation, protection, relief, winding up or liquidation, or becomes incapable of acting as Warrant
Agent or if the Board by resolution removes the Warrant Agent (such removal to become effective not earlier than thirty (30) calendar
days after the filing of a certified copy of such resolution with the Warrant Agent and the giving of written notice of such removal to
the Warrantholders), the Company shall appoint a successor to the Warrant Agent. If the Company fails to make such appointment within
a period of thirty

24

(30) calendar days after such removal or after
it has been so notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent, then any Warrantholder may apply to any court
of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor to the Warrant Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of a majority
of the securities issuable upon exercise of all issued but unexercised Restructuring Warrants may remove the Warrant Agent (i) in their
sole discretion, no more than once in any twelve (12) month period and (ii) at any time For Cause (as defined below), in each case, by
written notice to the Company provided by the holders of a majority of the securities issuable upon exercise of all issued but unexercised
Restructuring Warrants, in which case the successor Warrant Agent shall be specified by such holders and reasonably acceptable to the
Company. Pending appointment of a successor to the Warrant Agent, the duties of the Warrant Agent shall be carried out by the Company.
Any successor Warrant Agent shall be an entity, in good standing, incorporated under the laws of any state or of the United States of
America. As soon as practicable after appointment of the successor Warrant Agent, the Company shall cause written notice of the change
in the Warrant Agent to be given to each of the Warrantholders at such Warrantholders address appearing on the Warrant Register.
After appointment, the successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had
been originally named as Warrant Agent without further act or deed. The former Warrant Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor
Warrant Agent any property at the time held by it hereunder and execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, any further assurance,
conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 22 or any defect therein, shall
not affect the legality or validity of the removal of the Warrant Agent or the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent, as the case may
be. For purposes of this Section 22, For Cause means acts or omissions of the Warrant Agent that constitute
gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the fulfillment of its duties as set forth in this Agreement. 

Section
23.Cumulative Remedies. Except as
expressly provided for herein, the rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to and not in substitution
for any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise.

Section
24.Warrantholder Not Deemed a Stockholder.
Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any of the Warrants shall be construed as conferring upon the Warrantholders thereof the right
to vote or to participate in any transaction that would give rise to an adjustment under Section 14 or to consent or (subject only to
the next sentence) to receive notice as stockholders in respect of the meetings of stockholders or for the election of directors of the
Company or any other matter, or any rights whatsoever as stockholders of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall
cause to be delivered to the Warrant Agent and shall direct the Warrant Agent to deliver to each Warrantholder at such Warrantholders
address appearing on the Warrant Register, in accordance with Section 25, the Companys proxy statement at the same time such proxy
statement is delivered to the holders of the Companys Common Stock; provided, however, that for greater certainty, the delivery
of such proxy statement shall not confer onto the Warrantholder the right to vote any of its Warrants or any other right except as expressly
set forth herein; provided, further, that the Company, in its discretion, may satisfy its obligation to furnish any such proxy
statements to the Warrantholders by filing such proxy statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission so they are publicly available
on the Securities and Exchange Commissions EDGAR website.

25

Section
25.Notices to Company and Warrant Agent. Any
notice or demand authorized or permitted by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by any Warrantholder to or on the
Company to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile or email, as applicable), and shall be deemed to have been duly given
or made when delivered by hand, or when sent if delivered to a recognized courier or deposited in the mail, first class and postage prepaid
or, in the case of email or facsimile notice, when received, addressed as follows (until another address, facsimile number or email address
is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent):

Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.

1731 Radiant Drive

Dania Beach, FL 33004

Attn: Thomas Canfield

Email: thomas.canfield@Spirit.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10017

Attn: Marshall Huebner

Darren Klein

Christopher Robertson

Email: marshall.huebner@davispolk.com

darren.klein@davispolk.com

christopher.robertson@davispolk.com

Any notice or demand pursuant
to this Agreement to be given by the Company or by any Warrantholder to the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given if sent in the same
manner as notices or demands are to be given or made to or on the Company (as set forth above) to the Warrant Agent at the office maintained
by the Warrant Agent (the Warrant Agent Office) as follows (until another address is filed in writing by the
Warrant Agent with the Company, which other address shall become the address of the Warrant Agent Office for the purposes of this Agreement):

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC

48 Wall Street, 23rd Floor

New York, New York 10005

Attn: John Baker

Email: John.Baker@equiniti.com

Where this Agreement provides
for notice to Warrantholders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in
writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Warrantholder affected by such event, at the address of such Warrantholder as
it appears in the Warrant Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving
of such notice. In any case where notice to Warrantholders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any
defect in any

26

notice so mailed, to any particular Warrantholder
shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Warrantholders. Where this Agreement provides for notice in any manner,
such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver
shall be the equivalent of such notice.

In case by reason of the suspension
of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice by mail, then such notification
as shall be made by a method approved by the Warrant Agent as one which would be most reliable under the circumstances for successfully
delivering the notice to the addressees shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.

Where this Agreement provides
for notice of any event to a Warrantholder of a Global Warrant Certificate, such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary
(or its designee), pursuant to the rules and procedures of the Depositary, not later than the latest date (if any), and not earlier than
the earliest date (if any), prescribed for the giving of such notice.

At the reasonable request of
the Company to the Warrant Agent, the Warrant Agent will cause any notice prepared by the Company to be sent to any of the Depositary
Participants pursuant to the Depositary Procedures, provided such request is evidenced in a written order signed on behalf of the Company
by one (1) of its authorized officers and delivered, together with the text of such notice, to the Warrant Agent at least two (2) Business
Days before the date such notice is to be so sent. For the avoidance of doubt, such written order need not be accompanied by an Officers
Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Warrant Agent will not have any liability relating to the contents of any notice that it sends
to any Warrantholder pursuant to any such written order. For purposes of this Agreement, Depositary Procedures
means, with respect to any exercise, transfer, exchange or other transaction involving a Global Warrant Certificate representing any Warrants,
or any beneficial interest in such Global Warrant Certificate, the rules and procedures of the Depositary applicable to such exercise,
transfer, exchange or transaction.

Section
26.Tax Matters.

(a)The Company shall comply with all applicable tax withholding and reporting requirements imposed by any governmental and regulatory
authority, and all distributions or other situations requiring withholding under applicable law (including deemed distributions) pursuant
to the Warrants will be subject to applicable withholding and reporting requirements. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the
Company shall be authorized to: (a) take any actions that may be necessary or appropriate to comply with such withholding and reporting
requirements, (b) apply a portion of any Cash distribution to be made under the Warrants to pay applicable withholding taxes, (c) holdback
and liquidate a portion of any non-Cash distribution to be made under the Warrants to generate sufficient funds to pay applicable withholding
taxes, (d) require reimbursement from any Warrantholder to the extent any withholding is required in the absence of any distribution,
or (e) establish any other mechanisms the Company believes are reasonable and appropriate, including requiring Warrantholders to submit
appropriate tax and withholding certifications (such as IRS Forms W-9 or any successor form) that are necessary to comply with this Section
26.

27

(b) Each party acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Warrants will be treated as equity for U.S. federal, state and local tax purposes,
(ii) the exercise of the Warrants will be treated as a recapitalization under Section 368 of the Code, and (iii) it shall not take any
action or file any tax return, report or declaration inconsistent with the foregoing.

Section
27.Dissolution, Liquidation or Winding
Up.

(a)Without limiting the requirements of Section 19, if the Company (or any other Person controlling the Company) shall
propose a Winding Up of the affairs of the Company, the Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent and all Warrantholders
in the manner provided in Section 25 prior to the date on which such transaction is expected to become effective or, if earlier, the record
date for such transaction. Such notice shall also specify the date as of which the stockholders of record of the Warrant Shares shall
be entitled to exchange their Warrant Shares for securities, money or other property deliverable upon such dissolution, liquidation or
winding up, as the case may be, on which date each Warrantholder shall receive the securities, money or other property which such Warrantholder
would have been entitled to receive had such Warrantholder been the stockholder of record into which the Warrants were exercisable immediately
prior to such dissolution, liquidation or winding up (net of the then applicable Exercise Price) and the rights to exercise the Warrants
shall terminate upon receipt in full of such securities, money or other property.

(b)In case of any Winding Up of the affairs of the Company, the Company shall deposit with the Warrant Agent any funds or other property
which the Warrantholders are entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 27, together with instructions as to the distribution thereof.
After receipt of such deposit from the Company and any such other necessary information as the Warrant Agent may reasonably require, the
Warrant Agent shall make payment in appropriate amount to such Person or Persons as it may be directed in writing by each Warrantholder.
The Warrant Agent shall not be required to pay interest on any money deposited pursuant to the provisions of this Section 27 except such
as it shall agree with the Company to pay thereon. Any moneys, securities or other property which at any time shall be deposited by the
Company or on its behalf with the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Section 27 shall be, and are hereby, assigned, transferred and set over
to the Warrant Agent in trust; provided, that, moneys, securities or other property need not be segregated from other funds, securities
or other property held by the Warrant Agent except to the extent required by law.

Section
28.Supplements and Amendments. This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among
the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be amended, except in a writing signed by both of them.
The Company and the Warrant Agent may from time to time amend, modify or supplement this Agreement with the prior written consent of the
holders of a majority of the securities issuable upon exercise of all issued but unexercised Restructuring Warrants, pursuant to a written
amendment or supplement executed by the Company and the Warrant Agent; provided, however, that any amendment to Section 12 and
any definition or provision relating thereto (including this proviso) shall require the consent of the Company, the Warrant Agent, and
each affected Ultimate Warrantholder; provided, further, that any amendment or supplement to this Agreement that would reasonably
be expected to materially and adversely affect any right of an Ultimate Warrantholder relative to the other Ultimate Warrantholders shall

28

require the written consent of each such Ultimate
Warrantholder. In addition, the consent of each Ultimate Warrantholder affected shall be required for any amendment pursuant to which
the Exercise Price would be increased or the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of Warrants would be decreased (other than
pursuant to adjustments provided in this Agreement). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, upon the delivery of a certificate
from an Appropriate Officer of the Company which states that the proposed supplement or amendment is in compliance with the terms of this
Section 28 and provided that such supplement or amendment does not adversely affect the Warrant Agents rights, duties, liabilities,
immunities or obligations hereunder, the Warrant Agent shall execute such supplement or amendment. Any amendment, modification or waiver
effected pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 28 will be binding upon all Warrantholders and upon each future
Warrantholder, the Company and the Warrant Agent. In the event of any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver, the Company will
give prompt notice thereof to all Warrantholders and, if appropriate, notation thereof will be made on all Global Warrant Certificates
thereafter surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange.

Section
29.Successors. All the covenants
and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their
respective successors and permitted assigns hereunder.

Section
30.Termination. This Agreement shall
terminate once all outstanding Warrants have been exercised in full. Termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the Company or the
Warrant Agent of any of their obligations arising prior to the date of such termination or in connection with the settlement of any Warrant
exercised prior to the Expiration Time. The provisions of Section 21, this Section 30, Section 31 and Section 32 shall survive such termination
and the resignation or removal of the Warrant Agent.

Section
31.Governing Law Venue and Jurisdiction;
Trial By Jury. This Agreement and each Warrant issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State
of New York and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such state. Each party hereto consents
and submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and any federal courts located in such state in connection with
any action or proceeding brought against it that arises out of or in connection with, that is based upon, or that relates to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby. In connection with any such action or proceeding in any such court, each party hereto hereby
waives personal service of any summons, complaint or other process and hereby agrees that service thereof may be made in accordance with
the procedures for giving notice set forth in Section 25. Each party hereto hereby waives any objection to jurisdiction or venue in any
such court in any such action or proceeding and agrees not to assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue in any such court
in any such action or proceeding. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any action, proceeding or counterclaim as between the parties directly or
indirectly arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or disputes relating hereto.
Each of the parties hereto (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party hereto has represented, expressly
or otherwise that such other party hereto would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges
that it and the other

29

parties hereto have been induced to enter into
this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 31.

Section
32.Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Warrant Agent, the Warrantholders and the Ultimate
Warrantholders any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive
benefit of the Company, the Warrant Agent, the Warrantholders and the Ultimate Warrantholders.

Section
33.Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed (including by means of facsimile or electronically transmitted portable document format (.pdf) signature pages) in any
number of counterparts and each such counterpart shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section
34.Headings. The headings of sections
of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof and in no way modify or
restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section
35.Severability. Whenever possible,
each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision
of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement in such
jurisdiction or affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provision shall be interpreted and applied so as to produce as near as may be the economic result intended by the parties
hereto. Upon determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable
manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible; provided, however, that if such
excluded provision shall materially and adversely affect the rights, immunities, liabilities, duties or obligations of the Warrant Agent,
the Warrant Agent shall be entitled to resign immediately upon written notice to the Company (in which case a replacement Warrant Agent
shall be appointed in accordance with Section 22).

Section
36.Meaning of Terms Used in Agreement.

(a)The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and
no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. Any references to any federal, state, local or foreign statute or law
shall also refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context otherwise requires. Unless the context otherwise
requires: (a) a term has the meaning assigned to it by this Agreement; (b) forms of the word include mean that the inclusion
is not limited to the items listed; (c) or is disjunctive but not exclusive; (d) words in the singular include the plural,
and in the plural include the singular; and (e) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; (f) hereof, hereunder,
herein and hereto refer to the entire Agreement and not any section or subsection.

30

(b) The following terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth below:

$
shall mean the currency of the United States.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control
with such Person as of the date on which, or at any time during the period for which, the determination of affiliation is being made.
Affiliated shall have a correlative meaning.

Appropriate Officer
means, with respect to the Company, its Chief Executive Officer, its Chief Financial Officer, its President, its General Counsel, its
Treasurer, its Controller, a Vice President, its Secretary, an Assistant Secretary or any other authorized person appointed by the Board
from time to time.

Board
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by law or other governmental action
to be closed in New York, New York.

Cash
means such coin or currency of the United States as at any time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts
in the United States. For the avoidance of doubt, "Cash" shall be United States Dollars unless United States Dollars
are no longer accepted as legal tender for the payment of public and private debts in the United States.

Close of Business
means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

Common Stock
means the common stock $0.0001 par value per share of the Company and any capital stock into which such Common Stock shall have been converted,
exchanged or reclassified following the date hereof.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any rights, warrants, options, convertible securities or indebtedness, exchangeable securities or indebtedness, or other rights,
exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into, directly or indirectly, Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants) and securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants), whether at the time of issuance or upon the passage of time or the occurrence of some future event.

Control
means, with respect to any Person, (i) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or agency or otherwise, or (ii) the ownership
of at least 50% of the equity securities in such Person. Controlled shall have a correlative meaning.

Depositary Participant
means any member of, or participant in, the Depositary.

31

Distribution Compliance
Period means, with respect to any Warrant, the period of six months beginning on and including the later of (a) the day
on which such Warrant is first offered to persons other than distributors (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S, and
(b) the date of issuance with respect to such Warrant or any predecessor of such Warrant.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fair Market Value
means, as of any particular date: (a) the volume weighted average of the closing sales prices of the Common Stock for such day on all
Securities Exchanges on which the Common Stock may at the time be listed; (b) if there have been no sales of the Common Stock on any such
Securities Exchange on any such day, the average of the highest bid and lowest asked prices for the Common Stock on all such exchanges
at the end of such day; or (c) if on any such day the Common Stock is not listed on a Securities Exchange, the average of the highest
bid and lowest asked prices for the Common Stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the Pink OTC Markets, or similar quotation system or
association at the end of such day; in each case, averaged over twenty (20) consecutive Business Days ending on the Business Day immediately
prior to the day as of which Fair Market Value is being determined; provided, that if the Common Stock is listed
on any Securities Exchange, the term Business Day as used in this sentence means Business Days on which such exchange is
open for trading. If at any time the Common Stock is not listed on any Securities Exchange or quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the Pink
OTC Markets, or similar quotation system or association, the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock shall be the fair market
value per share as determined in good faith by the Board.

IAI
means an institution that is an accredited investor as described in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12), or (13)
under the Securities Act and is not a QIB.

OTC Bulletin Board
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority OTC Bulletin Board electronic inter-dealer quotation system.

Permitted Transaction
means (a) issuances of shares of Common Stock (including upon exercise of options, granting of restricted stock awards, or settlement
of restricted stock units or as matching contributions under a 401(k) plan) to directors, advisors, employees, or consultants of the Company
in accordance with a stock option plan, employee stock purchase plan, restricted stock plan, other employee benefit plan, or other similar
compensatory agreement or arrangement approved or otherwise ratified by the Board on or after the date hereof, and (b) issuances of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.

Person
means any individual, corporation, limited partnership, general partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company,
joint stock company, joint venture, corporation, unincorporated organization, association, company, trust, group or other legal entity,
or any governmental or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof.

Pink OTC Markets
means the OTC Markets Group Inc. electronic inter-dealer quotation system, including OTCQX, OTCQB, and OTC Pink.

QIB
means a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A.

32

Regulation S
means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A
means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.

Securities Exchange
means the New York Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market or other national securities exchange or
market.

Transfer Restricted
Warrant means any Warrant that bears or is required to bear the Restricted Warrants Legend.

Ultimate Warrantholder
means any Person with a beneficial interest in a Warrant, which interest is credited to the account of a Depositary Participant for the
benefit of such Person through the book-entry system maintained by the Depositary (or its agent).

Unrestricted Global
Warrant means any Warrant in global form that does not bear or is not required to bear the Restricted Warrants Legend.

U.S. person
means a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S.

Warrant Share
means the shares of Common Stock or (as provided pursuant to Section 14 hereof) other securities deliverable upon proper exercise of the
Warrants.

Warrantholder
means each Person in whose name this Warrant is registered.

Winding Up
means a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

[Signature pages follow]

33

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary

EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC

as Warrant Agent

By: /s/ Michael Legregin

Name: Michael Legregin

Title: Senior Vice President

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANCHE 1 WARRANT AGREEMENT]

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF GLOBAL WARRANT CERTIFICATE

[THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR
QUALIFIED UNDER ANY STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT COVERING SUCH SECURITIES IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IS QUALIFIED UNDER
APPLICABLE STATE AND FOREIGN LAW OR (II) THE TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND THE QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER APPLICABLE STATE AND FOREIGN LAW.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE
HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES, TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, PRIOR TO THE DATE (THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE) THAT IS [IN THE CASE OF 144A
OR IAI WARRANTS: ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.
(THE COMPANY) OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE COMPANY WAS THE OWNER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY)
OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT][IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S WARRANTS: SIX MONTHS
AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE DATE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY) WAS FIRST
OFFERED TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 902 OF REGULATION S) IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S], ONLY (A) TO SPIRIT
AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC. (THE COMPANY) OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS
BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A), TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER
AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN
THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE
UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN
THE MEANING OF RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12), OR (13) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS NOT A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER AND THAT IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR, OR (F) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE COMPANYS AND THE WARRANT AGENTS
RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE

OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (C), (D), (E)
OR (F) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF A CERTIFICATION OR, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSES (E) OR (F), AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED
BY THE TRANCHE 1 WARRANT AGREEMENT AND/ OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST
OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE.

[IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S WARRANTS: BY
ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND AGREES ON ITS
OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES THAT HEDGING TRANSACTIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS
SECURITY AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THIS
SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXERCISED BY OR ON BEHALF OF A U.S. PERSON UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION
IS AVAILABLE.]]1

1 To be added to Restricted Warrants.

THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS
WARRANT ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN SECURITIES HELD BY PERSONS OR ENTITIES THAT FAIL TO QUALIFY AS CITIZENS
OF THE UNITED STATES AS THE TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 40102(a)(15) OF SUBTITLE VII OF TITLE 49 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED,
IN ANY SIMILAR LEGISLATION OF THE UNITED STATES ENACTED IN SUBSTITUTION OR REPLACEMENT THEREFOR, AND AS INTERPRETED BY THE DEPARTMENT
OF TRANSPORTATION, ITS PREDECESSORS AND SUCCESSORS, FROM TIME TO TIME. SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE CONTAINED IN THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE
OF INCORPORATION AND THE BYLAWS OF SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC., AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED OR RESTATED FROM TIME TO TIME. A COMPLETE
AND CORRECT COPY OF SUCH AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND THE BYLAWS SHALL BE FURNISHED FREE OF CHARGE TO THE HOLDER
OF THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE SECRETARY OF SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

This Global Warrant Certificate
is held by The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary) or its nominee in custody for the benefit of
the beneficial owners hereof, and is not transferable to any Person under any circumstances except that (i) this Global Warrant Certificate
may be exchanged in whole but not in part pursuant to Section 6(a) of the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement, (ii) this Global Warrant Certificate
may be delivered to the Warrant Agent for cancellation pursuant to Section 6(h) of the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement and (iii) this Global
Warrant Certificate may be transferred to a successor Depositary with the prior written consent of the Company.

Unless this Global Warrant Certificate
is presented by an authorized representative of the Depositary to the Company or the Warrant Agent for registration of transfer, exchange
or payment and any certificate issued is registered in the name of Cede & Co. or such other entity as is requested by an authorized
representative of the Depositary (and any payment hereon is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized
representative of the Depositary), any transfer, pledge or other use hereof for value or otherwise by or to any Person is wrongful because
the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein.

Transfers of this Global Warrant
Certificate shall be limited to transfers in whole, but not in part, to nominees of the Depositary or to a successor thereof or such successors
nominee, and transfers of portions of this Global Warrant Certificate shall be limited to transfers made in accordance with the restrictions
set forth in Section 6 of the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement.

No registration or transfer
of the securities issuable pursuant to the Warrant will be recorded on the books of the Company until such provisions have been complied
with.

CUSIP No._______________

No. ____________________ WARRANT TO PURCHASE ________

SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

GLOBAL WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

FORM OF FACE OF WARRANT CERTIFICATE

This Warrant Certificate (Warrant
Certificate) certifies that [] or its registered assigns is the registered holder (the Warrantholder)
of a Warrant (the Warrant) of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
to purchase the number of shares (the Warrant Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) of the Company set forth above. This Warrant entitles the holder to purchase from the Company the number of fully paid
and non-assessable Warrant Shares set forth above at the exercise price (the Exercise Price) multiplied by the number
of Warrant Shares set forth above (the Exercise Amount), payable to the Company either by wire transfer, certified
or official bank or bank cashiers check payable to the order of the Company, or by wire transfer in immediately available funds
of the Exercise Amount to an account of the Warrant Agent specified in writing by the Warrant Agent for such purpose. The initial Exercise
Price shall be $0.0001 per share. This Warrant is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in the Tranche
1 Warrant Agreement.

In lieu of paying the Exercise
Amount as set forth in the preceding paragraph, subject to the provisions of the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement (as defined on the reverse
hereof), each Warrant shall entitle the Warrantholder thereof, at the election of such Warrantholder, to exercise the Warrant by authorizing
the Company to withhold from issuance a number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant which when multiplied by the Fair
Market Value of the Common Stock is equal to the aggregate Exercise Price, and such withheld Warrant Shares shall no longer be issuable
under the Warrant, in accordance with the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Cashless Exercise shall be permitted
if, as the result of such adjustment provided for in Section 14 of the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement at the time of such Cashless Exercise,
Warrant Shares include a Cash component and the Company would be required to pay Cash to a Warrantholder upon exercise of Warrants.

REFERENCE IS HEREBY MADE TO
THE FURTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE SET FORTH ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. SUCH FURTHER PROVISIONS SHALL FOR ALL PURPOSES HAVE
THE SAME EFFECT AS THOUGH FULLY SET FORTH AT THIS PLACE.

This Warrant Certificate shall
not be valid unless countersigned by the Warrant Agent.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant Certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

Dated: __________________________

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC

as Warrant Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

FORM OF REVERSE OF GLOBAL WARRANT CERTIFICATE

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

The Warrant evidenced by this
Warrant Certificate is a part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants to purchase a maximum of [] shares of common stock issued
pursuant to that certain Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date (the Warrant Agreement), duly executed
and delivered by Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Warrant Agent (the Warrant
Agent). The Warrant Agreement hereby is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred
to for a description of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company
and the Warrantholders. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be inspected at the Warrant Agent office and is available upon written request
addressed to the Company. All capitalized terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined that are defined in the Warrant Agreement
shall have the meanings assigned to them therein. In the event of a conflict between the provisions set forth in this Warrant Certificate
and the provisions of the Warrant Agreement, the provisions of the Warrant Agreement shall govern and be controlling.

Warrants may be exercised to
purchase Warrant Shares from the Company from the Issue Date until the Expiration Time, at the Exercise Price set forth on the face hereof,
subject to adjustment as described in the Warrant Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant Agreement,
the Warrantholder evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may exercise such Warrant by:

(i) providing written notice of such election (Warrant Exercise Notice) to exercise the
Warrant to the Warrant Agent at the address set forth in the Warrant Agreement, Re: Warrant Exercise, by hand or by facsimile,
no later than the Expiration Time, which Warrant Exercise Notice shall substantially be in the form of an election to purchase Warrant
Shares set forth herein, properly completed and executed by the Warrantholder;

(ii) paying the applicable Exercise Amount, together with any applicable taxes and governmental charges.

In lieu of paying the Exercise
Amount as set forth in the preceding paragraph, subject to the provisions of the Warrant Agreement, each Warrant shall entitle the Warrantholder
thereof, at the election of such Warrantholder, to exercise the Warrant by authorizing the Company to withhold from issuance a number
of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant which when multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares is equal
to the aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with the Warrant Agreement, and such withheld Warrant Shares shall no longer be issuable
under the Warrant.

In the event that upon any exercise
of the Warrant evidenced hereby the number of Warrant Shares actually purchased shall be less than the total number of Warrant Shares
purchasable upon exercise of the Warrant evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the Warrantholders hereof, or such Warrantholders
assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing a Warrant to purchase the Warrant Shares not so purchased. No adjustment shall be made
for any

Cash dividends on any Warrant Shares issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant. After the Expiration Time, unexercised Warrants shall become wholly void and of no value.

The Company shall not be required
to issue fractions of Warrant Shares or any certificates that evidence fractional Warrant Shares.

Warrant Certificates, when surrendered
by book-entry delivery through the facilities of the Depositary may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided
in the Warrant Agreement, but without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor
evidencing a Warrant to purchase in the aggregate a like number of Warrant Shares.

No Warrants may be sold, exchanged
or otherwise transferred in violation of the Warrant Agreement. The securities represented by this instrument (including any securities
issued upon exercise hereof) were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirement of Section 5 of the Securities Act,
as amended (the Securities Act) provided by (i) Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Regulation S or other
applicable exemption and the Warrantholder evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may not be able to sell or transfer any Warrants or Warrant
Shares in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration thereunder or
(ii) Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, and to the extent that the Warrantholder evidenced by this Warrant Certificate is an underwriter
as defined in Section 1145(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, such Warrantholder may not be able to sell or transfer Warrants in the absence
of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration thereunder.

The Company and Warrant Agent
may deem and treat the registered holder hereof as the absolute owner of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership
or other writing hereon made by anyone) for the purpose of any exercise hereof and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor
the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

[Balance of page intentionally remains blank]

SCHEDULE A

SCHEDULE OF DECREASES
IN WARRANTS

The following decreases in the number of Warrants evidenced by this
Warrant Certificate have been made:

Date 

Amount
of decrease in number of Warrants evidenced by this Global Warrant Certificate 

Number
of Warrants evidenced by this Global Warrant Certificate following such decrease 

Signature
of authorized signatory 

EXHIBIT B-1

FORM OF ELECTION TO EXERCISE BOOK-ENTRY

WARRANTS (TO BE EXECUTED UPON EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
elects to exercise the right to purchase __________ newly issued shares of Common Stock of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc. (the Company)
at the Exercise Price of $0.0001 per share, as adjusted pursuant to the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement.

The undersigned represents,
warrants and promises that it has the full power and authority to exercise and deliver the Warrants exercised hereby. The undersigned
represents and warrants that it has delivered or will deliver in payment for such shares $_________ by wire transfer, certified or official
bank or bank cashiers check payable to the order of the Company, or through a Cashless Exercise (as described below), no later
than the Expiration Time.

[2]
Please check if the undersigned, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price as set forth in the preceding paragraph, elects to exercise
the Warrant by authorizing the Company to withhold from issuance a number shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant which when multiplied
by the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares is equal to the aggregate Exercise Price, and such withheld shares shall no longer be
issuable under the Warrant.

Current aggregate beneficial
ownership of Common Stock of the Ultimate Warrantholder of the Warrant and its Attribution Parties (prior to this exercise of the Warrant):
____________________ Shares of Common Stock.

If such number of Warrant Shares
is less than the aggregate number of shares of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder, the undersigned requests that a new Book-Entry Warrant

2NOTE TO WARRANTHOLDER:
CHOOSING ANY METHOD OF EXERCISE OTHER THAN A CASHLESS EXERCISE MAY AFFECT THE TRADABILITY OF THE WARRANT SHARES. PLEASE CONSULT YOUR
ADVISOR IF YOU DO NOT INTEND TO CHECK THIS BOX. [To be added to Warrants issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.]

representing the balance of such Warrants shall
be registered, with the appropriate Warrant Statement delivered as follows:

Name

Address: 

Delivery Address (if different):

Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification 

Number of Warrantholder:

Signature

Note: The above signature must correspond with
the name as written upon the Warrant Statement in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

EXHIBIT B-2

FORM OF ELECTION TO EXERCISE WARRANTS REPRESENTED
BY GLOBAL

WARRANT CERTIFICATES

TO BE COMPLETED BY DIRECT PARTICIPANT

IN THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

Warrants to Purchase _______ Shares of Common Stock

(TO BE EXECUTED UPON EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
elects to exercise the right, represented by _______ Warrants held for its benefit through the book-entry facilities of The Depository
Trust Company (the Depositary), to purchase newly issued shares of Common Stock of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.
(the Company) at the Exercise Price of $0.0001 per share, as adjusted pursuant to the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement.

The undersigned represents,
warrants and promises that it has the full power and authority to exercise and deliver the Warrants exercised hereby. The undersigned
represents and warrants that it has delivered or will deliver in payment for such shares $_____ by wire transfer, certified or official
bank or bank cashiers check payable to the order of the Company, or by wire transfer in immediately available funds of the aggregate
Exercise Price to an account of the Warrant Agent specified in writing by the Warrant Agent for such purpose or through a Cashless Exercise
(as described below), no later than the Expiration Time.

[3]
Please check if the undersigned, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price as set forth in the preceding paragraph, elects to exercise
the Warrant by authorizing the Company to withhold from issuance a number of shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant which when
multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock is equal to the aggregate Exercise Price, and such withheld shares shall no longer
be issuable under the Warrant.

Current aggregate beneficial
ownership of Common Stock of the Ultimate Warrantholder and Attribution Parties (prior to this exercise of the Warrant): ____________________
Shares of Common Stock.

The undersigned requests that
the shares of common stock purchased hereby be in registered form in the authorized denominations, registered in such names and delivered,
all as specified in accordance with the instructions set forth below, provided that if the shares of common stock are evidenced by global
securities, the shares of common stock shall be registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee.

3NOTE TO WARRANTHOLDER:
CHOOSING ANY METHOD OF EXERCISE OTHER THAN A CASHLESS EXERCISE MAY AFFECT THE TRADABILITY OF THE WARRANT SHARES. PLEASE CONSULT YOUR
ADVISOR IF YOU DO NOT INTEND TO CHECK THIS BOX. [To be added to Warrants issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.]

Dated: __________________________

NOTE: THE WARRANT AGENT SHALL NOTIFY YOU (THROUGH
THE CLEARING SYSTEM) OF (1) THE WARRANT AGENTS ACCOUNT AT THE DEPOSITARY TO WHICH YOU MUST DELIVER YOUR WARRANTS ON THE EXERCISE
DATE AND (2) THE ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER AND FACSIMILE NUMBER WHERE YOU CAN CONTACT THE WARRANT AGENT AND TO WHICH WARRANT EXERCISE NOTICES
ARE TO BE SUBMITTED.

NAME OF DIRECT PARTICIPANT IN THE 

DEPOSITARY: 

(PLEASE PRINT) 

ADDRESS 

CONTACT NAME: 

ADDRESS: 

TELEPHONE (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL 

CODE): 

FAX (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL CODE): 

SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER TAXPAYER 

IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (IF APPLICABLE): 

ACCOUNT FROM WHICH WARRANTS ARE 

BEING DELIVERED: 

DEPOSITARY ACCOUNT NO.: 

____________________ 

WARRANT EXERCISE NOTICES WILL ONLY BE VALID IF
DELIVERED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INSTRUCTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS NOTIFICATION (OR AS OTHERWISE DIRECTED), MARKED TO THE ATTENTION OF WARRANT
EXERCISE. WARRANTHOLDER DELIVERING WARRANTS, IF OTHER THAN THE DIRECT DTC PARTICIPANT DELIVERING THIS WARRANT EXERCISE NOTICE:

NAME:

(PLEASE PRINT) 

CONTACT NAME: 

TELEPHONE (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL 

CODE): 

FAX (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL CODE): 

SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER TAXPAYER 

IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (IF APPLICABLE): 

ACCOUNT TO WHICH THE SHARES OF

COMMON STOCK ARE TO BE CREDITED:

DEPOSITARY ACCOUNT NO.: 

____________________ 

FILL IN FOR DELIVERY OF THE COMMON STOCK, IF OTHER THAN TO THE PERSON
DELIVERING THIS WARRANT EXERCISE NOTICE:

NAME:

(PLEASE PRINT)

ADDRESS 

CONTACT NAME: 

TELEPHONE (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL

CODE): 

FAX (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL CODE): 

SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER TAXPAYER

IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (IF APPLICABLE): 

____________________ 

NUMBER OF WARRANTS BEING EXERCISED 

(ONLY ONE EXERCISE PER WARRANT EXERCISE

NOTICE) 

Signature: 

Name: 

Capacity in which Signing: 

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED WARRANTHOLDER
IF

SUCH WARRANTHOLDER DESIRES TO TRANSFER A WARRANT)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby sells,
assigns and transfers unto

Name of Assignee 

Address of Assignee 

______ Warrants to purchase Warrant Shares held
by the undersigned, together with all right, title and interest therein, and does irrevocably constitute and appoint _______________
attorney, to transfer such Warrants on the books of the Warrant Agent, with full power of substitution.

Dated: 

Signature: 

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number of Assignee: 

EXHIBIT D4

CERTIFICATE TO BE DELIVERED UPON EXCHANGE OR

REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS OF TRANSFER RESTRICTED WARRANTS

This certificate relates to _________ Warrants.

The undersigned has requested the Warrant Agent
by written order to exchange or register the transfer of a Warrant or Warrants.

In connection with any transfer of any of the
Warrants evidenced by this certificate prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, the undersigned confirms that such Warrants are
being transferred in accordance with its terms:

CHECK ONE BOX BELOW

(1) to the Company or subsidiary thereof; or

(2) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act); or

(3) to a Person that the undersigned reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer
(as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A)) that purchases for its own account or for the
account of a qualified institutional buyer and to whom notice is given that such transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, in each
case pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A; or

(4) pursuant to offers and sales to non-U.S. persons that occur outside the United States within the
meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act; or

(5) to an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3),
(7), (8), (9), (12), or (13) under the Securities Act) that has furnished to the Warrant Agent a signed letter in the form of Exhibit
E to the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement containing certain representations and agreements; or

(6) pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act; or

(7) pursuant to another available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

Unless one of the boxes is checked,
the Warrant Agent will refuse to register any of the Warrants evidenced by this certificate in the name of any Person other than the registered
Holder thereof; provided, however, that if box (5), (6) or (7) is checked, the Company or the Warrant Agent may
require, prior to registering any such transfer of the Warrants, such

4
Include only for Global Warrants and Definitive Warrants, other than Unrestricted Transfer Warrants.

legal opinions, certifications and other
information as the Company or the Warrant Agent has reasonably requested to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, provided, further, however, that if box
(5) is checked, any such legal opinion will only be required if such transfer is in respect of Warrants valued at the time of such transfer
at less than $250,000 (as measured by reference to the Fair Market Value of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Warrants, assuming
solely for purposes of this calculation that such Warrants were exercised at the time of such transfer).

Your Signature

Date: _____________________ 

Signature of Signature

Guarantor

EXHIBIT E5

FORM OF

TRANSFEREE LETTER OF REPRESENTATION

Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.

1731 Radiant Drive

Dania Beach, FL 33004

Attn: Thomas Canfield

Email: thomas.canfield@Spirit.com

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This certificate is delivered
to request a transfer of [______] Warrants of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc. (the Company).

Upon transfer, the Warrants
would be registered in the name of the new beneficial owner as follows:

Name:________________________

Address:______________________

Taxpayer ID Number:_____________

The undersigned represents and warrants to you
that:

1. We are an institutional
accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12), or (13) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act)), purchasing for our own account or for the account of such an institutional accredited
investor, and we are acquiring the Warrants, for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection
with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act. We have such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment in the Warrants, and we invest in or purchase securities
similar to the Warrants in the normal course of our business. We, and any accounts for which we are acting, are each able to
bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

2. We understand
that the Warrants have not been registered under the Securities Act and, unless so registered, may not be sold except as permitted in
the following sentence. We agree on our own behalf and on behalf of any investor account for which we are purchasing Warrants
to offer, sell or otherwise transfer such Warrants prior to the date that is one year after the later of the date of original issue and
the last date on which the Company or any affiliate of the Company was the owner of such Warrants (or any predecessor thereto) (the Resale
Restriction Termination Date) only in accordance with the Restricted Warrants Legend (as such term is defined in the warrant
agreement under which the Warrants were issued) on the Warrants and any applicable

5 Include only for Global Warrants and
Book-Entry Warrants, other than Unrestricted Global Warrants.

securities laws of any state of the United States. The
foregoing restrictions on resale will not apply subsequent to the Resale Restriction Termination Date. If any resale or other
transfer of the Warrants is proposed to be made prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, the transferor shall deliver (a) a letter
from the transferee substantially in the form of this letter to the Company and the Warrant Agent, which shall provide, among other things,
that the transferee is an institutional accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8),
(9), (12), or (13) under the Securities Act and that it is acquiring such Warrants for investment purposes and not for distribution in
violation of the Securities Act and (b) if such transfer is in respect of Warrants valued at the time of transfer at less than $250,000
(as measured by reference to the Fair Market Value of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Warrants, assuming solely for purposes
of this calculation that such Warrants were exercised at the time of such transfer), an opinion of counsel in form reasonably acceptable
to the Company and the Warrant Agent to the effect that such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act. Each purchaser
acknowledges that the Company and the Warrant Agent reserve the right prior to the offer, sale or other transfer prior to the Resale Restriction
Termination Date of the Warrants with respect to applicable transfers described in the Restricted Warrants Legend to require the delivery
of an opinion of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent.

TRANSFEREE: 

by:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dp226079_ex0405.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.5

TRANCHE 2 WARRANT AGREEMENT

This TRANCHE 2 WARRANT AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is dated as of March 12, 2025 by and between Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, a New York limited liability company, as Warrant
Agent (the Warrant Agent) (each a Party and collectively, the Parties).

WHEREAS, pursuant to the
terms and conditions of the Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Spirit Airlines, Inc. (Former
Spirit) and its debtor affiliates (the Debtors) filed with the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the Southern District of New York (the Court) in In re: Spirit Airlines, Inc., et al.,
Case No. 24-11988 (SHL) (the Plan) (including the merger of New Spirit Merger Sub, LLC, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, with and into Former Spirit, with Former Spirit being the surviving corporation in the merger), which was
confirmed by order of the Court Docket No. 500 entered into on February 20, 2025 relating to the reorganization under chapter 11 of
title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) of the Debtors, and pursuant to Section 2.9 of
the Backstop Commitment Agreement (the Backstop Commitment Agreement) dated as of November 18, 2024, by
and among Former Spirit, the other debtors party thereto, and the backstop commitment parties thereto, the entities set forth on
Schedule A hereto (the Initial Warrantholders) or their permitted assigns are to be issued warrants (the
Warrants) entitling them to purchase from the Company such number of duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock set forth on Schedule A hereto at an initial exercise price equal to $0.0001
per share (the Exercise Price), exercisable from the Listing Date until such Warrants are exercised in
full (the Expiration Time), all subject to the terms, conditions and adjustments set forth below
herein;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is
one of several Warrant Agreements entered into pursuant to, or in connection with, the transactions contemplated by the Plan and the Backstop
Commitment Agreement (including the merger of New Spirit Merger Sub, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, with and into Former Spirit, with Former Spirit being the surviving corporation in the merger), providing for the issuance of warrants in lieu of the equity issuable thereunder (such warrants, collectively, the
Restructuring Warrants);

WHEREAS, the Warrant Agent,
at the request of the Company, has agreed to act as the agent of the Company in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer,
exchange and exercise of the Restructuring Warrants; and

WHEREAS, this Agreement is
being entered into in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Regulation S or Section 1145(a)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, and
of any applicable state securities or blue sky laws;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and mutual agreements herein set forth, the Parties agree as follows:

Section
1.Appointment
of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the instructions
set forth in this Agreement (and no implied terms); and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment, on the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth herein.

Section
2.Issuances;
Exercise Price. On the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Company has issued such number of Warrants to the
Initial Warrantholders specified on Schedule A hereto, which shall entitle the Warrantholders, upon proper exercise and

payment of the applicable Exercise Price, to receive
from the Company, as adjusted as provided herein, such number of Warrant Shares specified on Schedule A hereto. Subject to Section 3,
on the date hereof, the Warrants shall be issued in the form of (1) one or more global certificates in reliance on Section 1145(a)(2)
of the Bankruptcy Code (collectively, the Unrestricted Global Warrant), (2) one or more global certificates
in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (collectively, the IAI Global Warrant), (2) one or more
global warrant certificates representing Warrants offered and sold by the Company to Persons other than U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation
S (collectively, the Regulation S Global Warrant), and (3) one or more global warrant certificates in reliance
on Section 4(a)(2), representing beneficial interests in Warrants that may be transferred to QIBs subsequent to the initial distribution
(collectively, the Rule 144A Global Warrant and, together with the Unrestricted Global Warrant, the IAI Global
Warrant and the Regulation S Global Warrant, the Global Warrant Certificates), the forms of election to exercise
and assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof, in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

Section
3.Form of Warrants.
Subject to Section 6, the Warrants shall be issued (1) via Global Warrant Certificates and/or (2) if requested by any Warrantholder or
if the Company determines that such Warrants are ineligible to be held by the Depositary (as defined below), by book-entry registration
on the books and records of the Warrant Agent (Book-Entry Warrants) and shall be evidenced by statements issued
by the Warrant Agent from time to time in customary form and substance to the registered holder of Book-Entry Warrants reflecting such
book-entry position (the Warrant Statement). The Global Warrant Certificates may bear such appropriate insertions,
omissions, legends, including with respect to any IAI Global Warrant, Regulation S Global Warrant or 144A Global Warrant, the restricted
legend indicated in Exhibit A hereto (the Restricted Warrant Legend), substitutions and other variations
as are required or permitted by this Agreement, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or
endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with any law or with any rules made pursuant thereto or with any rules of any
securities exchange or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by, in the case of Global Warrant Certificates, the Appropriate Officers
executing such Global Warrant Certificates, as evidenced by their execution of the Global Warrant Certificates. Global Warrant Certificates
shall be deposited with, or with the Warrant Agent as custodian for, The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary)
and registered in the name of Cede & Co., or such other entity designated by the Depositary, as the Depositarys nominee. Each
Global Warrant Certificate shall represent such number of the outstanding Warrants as specified therein, and each shall provide that it
shall represent the aggregate amount of outstanding Warrants from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate amount of outstanding
Warrants represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Section
4.Execution
of Global Warrant Certificates. Global Warrant Certificates shall be signed on behalf of the Company by an Appropriate
Officer of the Company. Each such signature upon the Global Warrant Certificates may be in the form of a facsimile or electronic
signature of any such Appropriate Officer and may be imprinted or otherwise reproduced on the Global Warrant Certificates and for that
purpose the Company may adopt and use the facsimile or electronic signature of any Appropriate Officer. If any Appropriate Officer who
shall have signed any of the Global Warrant Certificates shall cease to be an Appropriate Officer before the Global Warrant Certificates
so signed shall have been countersigned by the Warrant Agent or disposed of

2

by the Company, such Global Warrant Certificates
nevertheless may be countersigned and delivered or disposed of as though such Appropriate Officer had not ceased to be an Appropriate
Officer of the Company, and any Global Warrant Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by any Person who, at the actual date
of the execution of such Global Warrant Certificate, shall be an Appropriate Officer, although at the date of the execution of this Agreement
such Person was not an Appropriate Officer. Global Warrant Certificates shall be dated the date of countersignature by the Warrant Agent
and shall represent one or more whole Warrants.

Section
5.Registration
and Countersignature. Upon written order of the Company, the Warrant Agent shall (i) register in the Warrant Register (as defined
below) Global Warrant Certificates as well as any Book-Entry Warrants and exchanges and transfers of outstanding Warrants in accordance
with the procedures set forth in this Agreement and (ii) upon receipt of the Global Warrant Certificates duly executed on behalf of the
Company, countersign by either manual or facsimile signature one or more Global Warrant Certificates evidencing Warrants and shall deliver
such Global Warrant Certificates to or upon the written order of the Company. Such written order of the Company shall specifically state
the number of Warrants that are to be issued as Global Warrant Certificates and the number of Warrants that are to be issued as Book-Entry
Warrants. A Global Warrant Certificate shall be, and shall remain, subject to the provisions of this Agreement until such time as all
of the Warrants evidenced thereby shall have been duly exercised or shall have expired or been canceled in accordance with the terms hereof.
Each Warrantholder shall be bound by, and shall be a third-party beneficiary of, all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement (a
copy of which is available on request to the Secretary of the Company) as fully and effectively as if such Warrantholder had executed
and delivered the same. No Global Warrant Certificate shall be valid for any purpose, and no Warrant evidenced thereby shall be exercisable,
until such Global Warrant Certificate has been countersigned by the manual or facsimile signature of the Warrant Agent. Such signature
by the Warrant Agent upon any Global Warrant Certificate executed by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that such Global Warrant
Certificate so countersigned has been duly issued hereunder. The Warrant Agent shall keep, at an office designated for such purpose, books
(the Warrant Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, it shall
register the Global Warrant Certificates as well as any Book-Entry Warrants and exchanges and transfers of outstanding Warrants in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Section 6, all in form reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent. Prior to due presentment
for registration of transfer or exchange of any Warrant in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Agreement, the Warrant Agent
and the Company may deem and treat the Warrantholder as the absolute owner of such Warrant (notwithstanding any notation of ownership
or other writing made in a Global Warrant Certificate by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise thereof, any distribution to the Warrantholder
thereof and for all other purposes, and neither the Warrant Agent nor the Company shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Section
6.Registration
of Transfers and Exchanges.

(a)Transfer and Exchange of Global Warrant Certificates or Beneficial Interests Therein. The transfer and exchange of Global
Warrant Certificates or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with this Agreement and the
procedures of the Depositary therefor.

3

(b)Exchange of a Beneficial Interest in a Global Warrant Certificate for a Book-Entry Warrant.

(i)Any Warrantholder of a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate may, upon request, exchange such beneficial interest
for a Book-Entry Warrant. Upon receipt by the Warrant Agent from the Depositary or its nominee of written instructions or such other form
of instructions as is customary for the Depositary on behalf of any Person having a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate,
the Warrant Agent shall cause, in accordance with the standing instructions and procedures existing between the Depositary and Warrant
Agent, the number of Warrants represented by the Global Warrant Certificate to be reduced by the number of Warrants to be represented
by the Book-Entry Warrants to be issued in exchange for the beneficial interest of such Person in the Global Warrant Certificate and,
following such reduction, the Warrant Agent shall register in the name of the Warrantholder a Book-Entry Warrant and deliver to said Warrantholder
a Warrant Statement.

(ii)Book-Entry Warrants issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate pursuant to this Section 6(b)
shall be registered in such names as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect Depositary Participants or otherwise,
shall instruct the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent shall deliver such Warrant Statements to the Persons in whose names such Warrants
are so registered.

(iii)With respect to Global Warrant Certificates:

(1)Transfers by an owner of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Warrant or an IAI Global Warrant to a transferee who takes
delivery of such interest through another Transfer Restricted Warrant shall be made in accordance with the applicable procedures of the
Depositary and the Restricted Warrants Legend and only upon receipt by the Warrant Agent of a written certification from the transferor
in the form attached as Exhibit D to the Warrant Certificate for exchange or registration of transfers and, as applicable, delivery of
such legal opinions, certifications and other information as may be requested pursuant thereto. In addition, in the case of a transfer
of a beneficial interest in either a Regulation S Global Warrant or a Rule 144A Global Warrant for an interest in an IAI Global Warrant,
the transferee must furnish a signed letter substantially in the form attached as Exhibit E to the Warrant Certificate to the Warrant
Agent.

(2)During the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in the Regulation S Global Warrant may only be sold,
pledged or transferred in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary, the Restricted Warrants Legend on such Regulation
S Global Warrant and any applicable securities laws of any state of the U.S. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period,
transfers by an owner of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Warrant to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest
through a Rule 144A Global Warrant or an IAI Global Warrant shall be made only in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary
and the Restricted Warrants Legend and upon receipt by the Warrant Agent of a written certification from the transferor of the beneficial
interest in the form attached as Exhibit D to the Warrant Certificate for exchange or registration of transfers. Such written certification
shall no longer be required after the expiration of the Distribution Compliance

4

Period. Upon the expiration of the Distribution
Compliance Period, beneficial ownership interests in the Regulation S Global Warrant shall be transferable in accordance with applicable
law and the other terms of this Agreement.

(3)Upon the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Warrant may be exchanged
for beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Warrant upon certification in the form attached as Exhibit D to the Warrant Certificate
for an exchange from a Regulation S Global Warrant to an Unrestricted Global Warrant.

(4)Beneficial interests in a Transfer Restricted Warrant that is a Rule 144A Global Warrant or an IAI Global Warrant may be exchanged
for beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Warrant if the Holder certifies in writing to the Warrant Agent that its request for
such exchange is in respect of a transfer made pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in reliance on
Rule 144 (such certification to be in the form set forth in Exhibit D attached to the Warrant Certificate) or, if requested, at any time
following the Resale Restriction Termination Date and upon delivery of such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the
Company or the Warrant Agent may reasonably request.

(c)Transfer and Exchange of Book-Entry Warrants. Book-Entry Warrants surrendered for exchange or for registration of transfer
pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 6(c) or Section 6(j)(iv), shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. Such cancelled Book-Entry Warrants
shall then be disposed of by or at the direction of the Company in accordance with applicable law. When Book-Entry Warrants are presented
to or deposited with the Warrant Agent with a written request:

(i)to register the transfer of the Book-Entry Warrants; or

(ii)to exchange such Book-Entry Warrants for an equal number of Book-Entry Warrants of other authorized denominations;

then in each case the Warrant Agent shall register
the transfer or make the exchange as requested if its requirements for such transactions are met; provided, however, that the Warrant
Agent has received a written instruction of transfer in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Warrant Agent, duly executed by the Warrantholder
thereof or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing.

(d)Restrictions on Exchange or Transfer of a Book-Entry Warrant for a Beneficial Interest in a Global Warrant Certificate.
A Book-Entry Warrant may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate except upon satisfaction of the requirements
set forth below. Upon receipt by the Warrant Agent of appropriate instruments of transfer with respect to a Book-Entry Warrant, in a form
reasonably satisfactory to the Warrant Agent, together with written instructions directing the Warrant Agent to make, or to direct the
Depositary to make, an endorsement on the Global Warrant Certificate to reflect an increase in the number of Warrants represented by the
Global Warrant Certificate equal to the number of Warrants represented by such Book-Entry Warrant (such instruments of transfer and instructions
to be duly executed by the holder thereof or the duly appointed legal representative thereof or by his attorney, duly authorized in writing,
such signatures to be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution to the extent

5

required by the Warrant Agent or the Depositary),
then the Warrant Agent shall cancel such Book-Entry Warrant on the Warrant Register and cause, or direct the Depositary to cause, in accordance
with the standing instructions and procedures existing between the Depositary and the Warrant Agent, the number of Warrants represented
by the Global Warrant Certificate to be increased accordingly. If no Global Warrant Certificates are then outstanding, the Company shall
issue and the Warrant Agent shall countersign a new Global Warrant Certificate representing the appropriate number of Warrants.

(e)Restrictions on Exchange or Transfer of Global Warrant Certificates. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
(other than the provisions set forth in Section 6(f)), unless and until it is exchanged in whole in accordance with this Section 6, a
Global Warrant Certificate may not be transferred as a whole except by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of
the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary
or a nominee of such successor Depositary.

(f)Book-Entry Warrants. If at any time, the Depositary for the Global Warrant Certificates notifies the Company that the Depositary
is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Warrant Certificates and a successor Depositary for the Global Warrant
Certificates is not appointed by the Company within ninety (90) days after delivery of such notice, then the Warrant Agent, upon written
instructions signed by an Appropriate Officer of the Company and all other necessary information, shall register Book-Entry Warrants,
in an aggregate number equal to the number of Warrants represented by the Global Warrant Certificates, in exchange for such Global Warrant
Certificates, in such names and in such amounts as directed by the Depositary or, in the absence of instructions from the Depositary,
the Company.

(g)Restrictions on Transfers of Warrants. No Warrants shall be sold, exchanged or otherwise transferred in violation of the
Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. Each Warrantholder, by its acceptance of any Warrant under this Agreement, acknowledges
and agrees that the Warrants (including any Warrant Shares issued upon exercise thereof) were issued pursuant to an exemption from the
registration requirement of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by (i) Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation S and
such Warrantholder may not be able to sell or transfer any Warrants or Warrant Shares in the absence of an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration thereunder or (ii) section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, and to the extent that
such Warrantholder is an underwriter as defined in Section 1145(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, such Warrantholder may not
be able to sell or transfer Warrants in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from
registration thereunder. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement (but without limiting or modifying any express obligation
of the Warrant Agent hereunder), the Warrant Agent shall not be under any duty or responsibility to ensure compliance by the Company,
any Warrantholder, or any other Person with any applicable federal or state securities laws.

(h)Cancellation of Global Warrant Certificate. At such time as all beneficial interests in Global Warrant Certificates have
either been exchanged for Book-Entry Warrants, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, all Global Warrant Certificates shall be returned to,
or retained and

6

cancelled by, the Warrant Agent, upon written
instructions from the Company satisfactory to the Warrant Agent.

(i)Certain Additional Exchanges

(i)Exchange of a Beneficial Interest in a Global Warrant Certificate for a Beneficial Interest in a Tranche 1 Global Warrant Certificate.
At any time following the Listing Date, any Ultimate Warrantholder of a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate may, upon
request, exchange (a Tranche 1 Global Warrant Exchange) such beneficial interest for a beneficial interest
in an equal number of Tranche 1 Warrants represented by a Tranche 1 Global Warrant Certificate (each as defined below). Upon receipt by
the Warrant Agent from the Depositary or its nominee of written instructions or such other form of instructions as is customary for the
Depositary on behalf of any Person having a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate, the Warrant Agent shall cause, in accordance
with the standing instructions and procedures existing between the Depositary and Warrant Agent, the number of Warrants represented by
the Global Warrant Certificate to be reduced by the number of Warrants related to such Tranche 1 Global Warrant Exchange, subject to the
issuance of an equal number of Tranche 1 Warrants represented by a beneficial interest in a Tranche 1 Global Warrant Certificate to such
Person.

(ii)Exchange of Book-Entry Warrants for Tranche 1 Book-Entry Warrants. At any time following the Listing Date, any Ultimate
Warrantholder may, upon request, exchange (a Tranche 1 Book-Entry Warrant Exchange) Book-Entry Warrants for
an equal number of Tranche 1 Book-Entry Warrants. Upon receipt by the Warrant Agent of a written instruction in a form reasonably satisfactory
to the Warrant Agent and duly executed by the Ultimate Warrantholder thereof, the Warrant Agent shall cancel such Book-Entry Warrants
surrendered in the Tranche 1 Book-Entry Warrant Exchange, subject to the issuance of an equal number of Tranche 1 Book-Entry Warrants
to such Ultimate Warrantholder . Such cancelled Book-Entry Warrants shall then be disposed of by or at the direction of the Company in
accordance with applicable law.

(iii)No legal opinion shall be required by the Company or the Warrant Agent in connection with any Tranche 1 Global Warrant Exchange
or Tranche 1 Book-Entry Warrant Exchange.

(iv)For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder may only exchange (A) beneficial interests in an IAI Global Warrant for beneficial
interests in a Tranche 1 IAI Global Warrant, (B) beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Warrant for beneficial interests in a Tranche
1 Regulation S Global Warrant (unless the Distribution Compliance Period has expired prior to the time of such exchange, in which case,
beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Warrant may be exchanged for beneficial interests in a Tranche 1 IAI Global Warrant or beneficial
interests in a Tranche 1 Rule 144A Global Warrant), (C) beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Warrant for beneficial interests in
a Tranche 1 Rule 144A Global Warrant and (D) Book Entry Warrants for Tranche 1 Book-Entry Warrants bearing substantially similar restricted
legends, if any; provided, that, in the Case of (A) or (C) above, if at the time of the exchange the Warrantholder is not an Affiliate
of the Company and such exchange occurs after the Resale Restriction Termination Date, then the Warrantholder may exchange such beneficial
interests in

7

Such Global Warrant Certificate for beneficial
interests in a Tranche 1 Unrestricted Global Warrant or, in the case of (D) above, an unrestricted Tranche 1 Book-Entry Warrant.

(v)For purposes of this Agreement, the terms (i) Tranche 1 Warrants means those certain warrants issued
pursuant to that certain Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement dated as of the date hereof by and between the Company and the Warrant Agent (the
Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement), (ii) Tranche 1 Global Warrant Certificate has the
meaning given to the term Global Warrant Certificate in the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement, (iii) Tranche 1 Book-Entry
Warrants has the meaning given to the term Book-Entry Warrants in the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement, (iv) Tranche
1 IAI Global Warrant has the meaning given to the term IAI Global Warrant in the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement, (v)
Tranche 1 Regulation S Global Warrant has the meaning given to Regulation S Global Warrant in the Tranche 1 Warrant
Agreement, (vi) Tranche 1 Rule 144A Global Warrant has the meaning given to Rule 144A Global Warrant in the
Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement, and (vii) Tranche 1 Unrestricted Global Warrant has the meaning given to the
term Unrestricted Global Warrant in the Tranche 1 Warrant Agreement.

(j)Obligations with Respect to Transfers and Exchanges of Warrants.

(i)To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company shall execute Global Warrant Certificates, if applicable, and the
Warrant Agent is hereby authorized, in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 and this Section 6, to countersign such Global Warrant
Certificates, if applicable, or register Book-Entry Warrants, if applicable, as required pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6
and for the purpose of any distribution of new Global Warrant Certificates contemplated by Section 9 or additional Global Warrant Certificates
contemplated by Section 15.

(ii)All Global Warrant Certificates and Book-Entry Warrants issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Warrant
Certificates or Book-Entry Warrants shall be the valid obligations of the Company, entitled to the same benefits under this Agreement
as the Global Warrant Certificates or Book-Entry Warrants surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(iii)No service charge shall be made to a Warrantholder for any registration, transfer or exchange but the Company may require payment
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp or other tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed on the Warrantholder in connection
with any such exchange or registration of transfer. Neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be required to pay any tax or taxes
which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance of Warrants or any certificates for Warrant Shares in a name
other than that of the Warrantholder of the surrendered Warrants, and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such Warrants
or the certificates representing the Warrant Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid
to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Warrant
Agent shall have no duty to deliver such Warrants or the certificates representing such Warrant Shares unless and until it is reasonably
satisfied that all such taxes and charges have been paid.

8

(iv) So long as the Depositary, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a Global Warrant Certificate, the Depositary or such nominee,
as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or Warrantholder of the Warrants represented by such Global Warrant Certificate
for all purposes under this Agreement. Except as provided in Section 6(b) and Section 6(f) upon the exchange of a beneficial interest
in a Global Warrant Certificate for Book-Entry Warrants, owners of beneficial interests in a Global Warrant Certificate will not be entitled
to have any Warrants registered in their names, and will under no circumstances be entitled to receive physical delivery of any such Warrants
and will not be considered the owners or Warrantholders thereof under the Warrants or this Agreement. Neither the Company nor the Warrant
Agent, in its capacity as registrar for such Warrants, will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating
to beneficial interests in a Global Warrant Certificate or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial
interests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) any Warrantholder of a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant Certificate may grant proxies
and otherwise authorize any Person, including Depositary Participants and Persons that hold interests in Warrants through Depositary Participants,
to take any action that such Warrantholder is entitled to take with respect to the Warrant represented by such Global Warrant Certificate
under this Agreement, and (y) the Company and its agents, may give effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished
by the Depositary.

(v)Subject to Section 6(b), Section 6(c) and Section 6(d) hereof, and this Section 6(j), the Warrant Agent shall, upon receipt of
all information required to be delivered hereunder and any evidence of authority that may be reasonably required by the Warrant Agent,
from time to time register the transfer of any outstanding Warrants in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of Global Warrant Certificates,
if applicable, representing such Warrants at the Warrant Agent Office (as defined below), duly endorsed, and accompanied by a completed
form of assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto (or with respect to a Book-Entry Warrant, only such completed
form of assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto), duly signed by the Warrantholder thereof or by the duly appointed
legal representative thereof or by a duly authorized attorney. Upon any such registration of transfer, a new Global Warrant Certificate
or a Warrant Statement, as the case may be, shall be issued to the transferee.

Section
7.Exercise of
Warrants.

(a)Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Warrant shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time
beginning on and after the Listing Date.

(b)Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Warrantholder may exercise the Warrants as follows:

(i)registered holders of Book-Entry Warrants must provide written notice of such exercise election (Warrant Exercise
Notice) to the Company and the Warrant Agent at the addresses set forth in Section 26, which Warrant Exercise Notice shall
be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-1 hereto, properly completed and executed by the registered holder of the Book-Entry
Warrant and paying either (x) the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares in respect of which any Warrants
are being exercised on the date the notice is provided to the Warrant Agent in the manner set forth in Section 7(c), or (y) in the case
of a

9

Cashless Exercise, paying the required consideration
in the manner set forth in Section 7(d), in each case, together with any applicable taxes and governmental charges; or

(ii)with respect to Warrants held through the book-entry facilities of the Depositary, (x) a Warrant Exercise Notice to exercise the
Warrant must be sent to the Company and the Warrant Agent at the addresses set forth in Section 26, which Warrant Exercise Notice shall
be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-2 hereto, properly completed and executed by the Warrantholder, and (y) a payment
must be made, of (A) the applicable Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares in respect of which any Warrants are being
exercised in the manner set forth in Section 7(c), or (B) in the case of a Cashless Exercise (as defined below), the required consideration
in the manner set forth in Section 7(d), in each case, together with any applicable taxes and governmental charges; provided that
any person with a beneficial interest in such Warrants shall effect compliance with the requirements of this Section 7(b)(ii) by or through
the applicable Depositary Participant in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary.

(c)Except in the case of a Cashless Exercise, the aggregate Exercise Price shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of
America either by wire transfer, certified or official bank or bank cashiers check payable to the order of the Company, or otherwise
as agreed with the Company.

(d)In lieu of paying the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth in Section 7(c), subject to the provisions of this Agreement, each
Warrant shall entitle the Warrantholder, at the election of such Warrantholder, to exercise the Warrant by authorizing the Company to
withhold from issuance a number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of all Warrants being exercised by such Warrantholder at such
time which, when multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares, is equal to the aggregate Exercise Price, and such withheld
Warrant Shares shall no longer be issuable under such Warrants (a Cashless Exercise). The formula for determining
the number of Warrant Shares to be issued in a Cashless Exercise is as follows:

Where: X = the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise pursuant to this subsection (d).

A = the Fair Market Value of one Warrant Share on the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which the Warrantholder delivers
the Warrant Exercise Notice pursuant to subsection (b) above.

B = the Exercise Price then in effect.

C = the number of Warrant Shares as to which a Warrant is then being exercised (including the withheld Warrant Shares).

If the foregoing calculation
results in nil or a negative number, then no Warrant Shares shall be issuable via a Cashless Exercise.

10

Upon receipt of an Exercise
Notice for a Cashless Exercise, the Warrant Agent shall deliver a copy of the Warrant Exercise Notice to the Company and the Company shall
promptly calculate and transmit to the Warrant Agent in writing, the number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection with such Cashless
Exercise. The Warrant Agent shall have no obligation under this Agreement to calculate the number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection
with a Cashless Exercise, nor shall the Warrant Agent have any duty or obligation to investigate or confirm whether the Companys
determination of the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon such Cashless Exercise, pursuant to this Section 7(d), is accurate or correct.

(e)Any exercise of a Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be irrevocable and shall constitute a binding agreement
between the Warrantholder and the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms; provided that notwithstanding any other provision
hereof, (i) an exercise shall be revocable to the extent provided in Section 12 and (ii) if an exercise is to be made in connection with
a transaction described in Section 20(b), Section 20(c), or Section 20(d), such exercise may, at the election of the Warrantholder, be
conditioned upon the consummation of such transaction, in which case such exercise shall not be deemed to be effective until immediately
prior to the consummation of such transaction.

(f)The Warrant Agent shall:

(i)examine all Warrant Exercise Notices and all other documents delivered to it by or on behalf of the Warrantholders as contemplated
hereunder to ascertain whether or not, on their face, such Warrant Exercise Notices and any such other documents have been executed and
completed in accordance with their terms and the terms hereof;

(ii)where a Warrant Exercise Notice or other document appears on its face to have been improperly completed or executed or some other
irregularity in connection with the exercise of the Warrants exists, the Warrant Agent shall endeavor to inform the appropriate parties
(including the Person submitting such instrument) of the need for fulfillment of all requirements, specifying those requirements which
appear to be unfulfilled;

(iii)inform the Company of and cooperate with and assist the Company in resolving discrepancies between Warrant Exercise Notices received
and delivery of Warrants to the Warrant Agents account;

(iv)advise the Company no later than one (1) Business Day after receipt of a Warrant Exercise Notice, of (i) the receipt of such Warrant
Exercise Notice and the number of Warrants exercised in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (ii) the instructions
with respect to delivery of the Warrant Shares deliverable upon such exercise, subject to timely receipt from the Depositary of the necessary
information, and (iii) such other information as the Company shall reasonably require; and

(v)subject to Warrant Shares being made available to the Warrant Agent by or on behalf of the Company for delivery to the Depositary,
liaise with the Depositary and endeavor to effect such delivery to the relevant accounts at the Depositary in accordance with its requirements.

11

(g) All questions as to the validity, form and sufficiency (including time of receipt) of a Warrant Exercise Notice will be determined
by the Company (acting in good faith). The Warrant Agent shall incur no liability for or in respect of such determination by the Company.
The Company reserves the right to reject any and all Warrant Exercise Notices not in proper form. Such determination by the Company (acting
in good faith) shall be final and binding on the Warrantholders, absent manifest error. The Company reserves the absolute right to waive
any of the conditions to the exercise of Warrants or defects in Warrant Exercise Notices with regard to any particular exercise of Warrants.

(h)As soon as practicable (and no later than one (1) Business Day) after the exercise of any Warrant as set forth in subsection (e),
the Company shall issue, or otherwise deliver, or cause to be issued or delivered, in authorized denominations to or upon the order of
the Warrantholder of the Warrants, either:

(i)if such Warrantholder holds the Warrants being exercised through the Depositarys book-entry transfer facilities, by same-day
or next-day credit to the Depositary for the account of such Warrantholder or for the account of a Depositary Participant the number of
Warrant Shares to which such Warrantholder is entitled, in each case registered in such name and delivered to such account as directed
in the Warrant Exercise Notice by such Warrantholder or by the Depositary Participant through which such Warrantholder is acting, or

(ii)if such Warrantholder holds the Warrants being exercised in the form of Book-Entry Warrants, a book-entry interest in the Warrant
Shares registered on the books of the Transfer Agent (as defined below) or, at the Companys option, by delivery to the address
designated by such Warrantholder in its Warrant Exercise Notice of a physical certificate representing the number of Warrant Shares to
which such Warrantholder is entitled, in fully registered form, registered in such name or names as may be directed by such Warrantholder.
Such Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued and any Person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become
a Warrantholder as of the Close of Business on the date of the delivery thereof.

If less than all of the Warrants
evidenced by a Global Warrant Certificate surrendered upon the exercise of Warrants are exercised, the Warrant Agent shall cause the Depositary
to endorse the Schedule of Decreases of Warrants attached to the Global Warrant Certificate to reflect the Warrants being
exercised. The Person in whose name any certificate or certificates for the Warrant Shares are to be issued (or such Warrant Shares are
to be registered, in the case of a book-entry transfer) upon exercise of a Warrant shall be deemed to have become a stockholder of such
Warrant Shares on the date such Warrant Exercise Notice is delivered.

Section
8.Cancellation
of Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall cancel all Global Warrant Certificates surrendered for exchange, substitution, transfer or exercise
in whole or in part. Such cancelled Global Warrant Certificates shall thereafter be disposed of in a manner satisfactory to the Company
provided in writing to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent shall (x) advise an authorized representative of the Company as directed by
the Company by the end of each day or on the next Business Day following each day on which Warrants were exercised, of (i) the number
of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of a Warrant, (ii) the delivery of Global Warrant Certificates evidencing the balance,
if any, of the shares of Common Stock

12

issuable after such exercise of the Warrant and
(iii) such other information as the Company shall reasonably require and (y) forward funds received for warrant exercises in a given month
by the fifth (5th) Business Day of the following month by wire transfer to an account designated by the Company. The Warrant Agent promptly
shall confirm such information to the Company in writing. The Warrant Agent shall keep copies of this Agreement and any notices given
or received hereunder.

Section
9.Mutilated
or Missing Global Warrant Certificates. If any of the Global Warrant Certificates shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed and
in the absence of notice to the Company or the Warrant Agent that such Warrant Certificate has been acquired by a protected purchaser
within the meaning of Section 8-405 of the Uniform Commercial Code or by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall issue, and the Warrant
Agent shall countersign by either manual, electronic or facsimile signature and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation
of the mutilated Global Warrant Certificate, or in lieu of and substitution for the Global Warrant Certificate lost, stolen or destroyed,
a new Global Warrant Certificate of like tenor and representing an equivalent number of Warrants, but only upon receipt of (i) evidence
reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent of the loss, theft or destruction of such Global Warrant Certificate; and
(ii) such other reasonable requirements as may be imposed by the Company or the Warrant Agent as permitted by Section 8-405 of the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York.

Section
10.Reservation of Warrant Shares.
For the purpose of enabling it to satisfy any obligation to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of Warrants, the Company shall, at all
times, reserve and keep available, free from preemptive rights and out of its aggregate authorized but unissued or treasury shares of
Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants), such number of shares of Common Stock (or other
securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) equal to the number of Warrant Shares deliverable upon the exercise of
all outstanding Warrants (assuming for these purposes that (i) all outstanding Warrants are exercised on a basis other than a Cashless
Exercise and (ii) the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not limit the issuance of Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any outstanding
Warrants), and the Company shall instruct the transfer agent for the Companys Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants) (such agent, in such capacity, as may from time to time be appointed by the Company, the Transfer
Agent) to reserve such number of authorized and unissued or treasury shares of Common Stock (or other securities at the
time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) as shall be required for such purpose. The Company shall keep a copy of this Agreement on
file with such Transfer Agent and with every transfer agent for any Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of Warrants pursuant to
Section 7. The Warrant Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized to requisition from time to time from such Transfer Agent stock certificates
issuable upon exercise of outstanding Warrants, and the Company shall supply such Transfer Agent with duly executed stock certificates
for such purpose.

The Company covenants that all
Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of the Warrants will, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens, charges and security interests created by or imposed upon
the Company with respect to the issuance and holding thereof.

13

Section
11. Listing. The Company shall cause the Warrant
Shares, immediately upon exercise of the Warrants, to be listed on any securities exchange upon which shares of Common Stock or other
securities constituting Warrant Shares are listed at the time of such exercise.

Section
12.Beneficial Ownership Limitation.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, for purposes of Exchange Act compliance, the Company shall not effect any exercise
of Warrants, and the Warrantholder shall not have the right to exercise its Warrants, and any such exercise shall be null and void and
shall be cancelled ab initio and treated as if never made, to the extent that, after giving effect to the exercise set forth on the applicable
Warrant Exercise Notice, the Warrantholder together with the Warrantholders Attribution Parties (as defined below) collectively
would beneficially own in excess of 9.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding (as such amount is adjusted pursuant
to this Section 12, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). Any portion of an exercise that would result in
the issuance of shares in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (such shares of Common Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation, the Excess Shares), shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Warrantholder
and its Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote or transfer any such Excess Shares. For purposes of this Section 12, the
aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Warrantholder and its Attribution Parties shall include the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares
of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining, unexercised and non-cancelled Warrants by the Warrantholder
or any of its Attribution Parties and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised, non-converted or non-cancelled portion of any other
securities of the Company (including any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common
Stock, including any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock), that is subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein and is beneficially owned by the Warrantholder or any of its Attribution Parties.
Other than as set forth in the previous sentence, for purposes of this Section 12, beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Agreement,
in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Warrantholder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as the case may be, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission prior to the date of Warrantholders Warrant Exercise Notice, (y) a more recent public announcement by the Company or
(z) any other notice by the Company or its Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported
Share Outstanding Number). If the Company receives a Warrant Exercise Notice at a time when the actual number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall notify the Warrantholder submitting
such Warrant Exercise Notice in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that such Warrant
Exercise Notice would otherwise cause such Warrantholder to exceed the applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation, such Warrantholder
must notify the Company of a reduced number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon exercise pursuant to such Warrant Exercise
Notice so as to comply with the applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Upon the written request of the Warrantholder, the Company
shall within one (1) Business Day confirm in writing or by electronic mail to the Warrantholder the number of shares

14

of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case,
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including the Warrants, by the Warrantholder or any of its Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Warrantholder, upon prior written notice to the Company, may increase or decrease
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation applicable to such Warrantholder, provided, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no
event exceeds 19.9% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of
Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants held by the Warrantholder and the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section
12 shall continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until (A), in
the case of an increase in the applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered
to the Company and (B) in the case of a decrease in the applicable Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the later of the time of delivery
of such notice and such date and time as specified in such notice. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Warrantholder
or any of its Attribution Parties for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the Exchange Act. For
purposes of this Section 12 and Exhibit B-1 and Exhibit B-2, Attribution Parties means, collectively, the
following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including, any funds, feeder funds or managed accounts, currently, or from
time to time after the date hereof, directly or indirectly managed or advised by the Warrantholders investment manager or any
of its affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect affiliates of the Warrantholder or any of the foregoing, (iii) any Person
acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Section 13(d) group together with the Warrantholder or any Attribution Party and (iv)
any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Warrantholders
and/or any other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The provisions of this Section
12 shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this section to the extent necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The limitation contained in this Section 12 may not be waived
and shall apply to any successor holder of the Warrant. For purposes of this Section 12 (and any related defined terms used in interpreting
this Section 12), Warrantholder means the Ultimate Warrantholder in the case of a Global Warrant Certificate.

Section
13.Limitations of Ownership by Non-Citizens.
The Warrant Shares issuable on exercise of the Warrants will be subject to the limitations on ownership by Non-Citizens as set forth in
Article VI of the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

Section
14.Representations and Warranties of
the Company. Subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth therein, the Company is deemed to have made the representations
and warranties set forth in Article IV of the Backstop Commitment Agreement, as such representations and warranties shall apply to the
Company, this Agreement, and the Warrant Shares, mutatis mutandis.

Section
15.Adjustments and Other Rights of Warrants.

(a)RESERVED.

15

(b)Adjustment to Number of Warrant Shares Upon Dividend, Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company shall,
at any time or from time to time after the Issue Date, (i) pay a dividend or make any other distribution upon the Common Stock or any
other capital stock of the Company payable in shares of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants)
or Common Stock Equivalents, or (ii) subdivide (by any stock split, recapitalization, or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock
(or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) into a greater number of shares or securities, the number of
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to any such dividend, distribution, or subdivision shall be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time combines (by combination, reverse stock split, or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock
(or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) into a smaller number of shares or securities, the number of
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 15(b) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the dividend, subdivision, or combination becomes
effective.

(c)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 15(b), if at any time after the Issue Date
the Company grants, issues or sells any rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property other than Common Stock Equivalents
pro rata to the record holders of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) (the Purchase
Rights), then solely upon exercise of the Warrants, each Warrantholder will be entitled to acquire, upon substantially
the same terms applicable to such Purchase Rights (with only such adjustments as are required to issue the Purchase Rights upon exercise
of the Warrants), the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Warrantholder could have acquired if such Warrantholder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) acquirable upon complete exercise of
the Warrants (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before
the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date
as of which the record holders of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) are to be determined
for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that any Warrantholders
right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in such Warrantholder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then
such Warrantholder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent, and such Purchase Right to such extent
shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation).

(d)Adjustment to Warrant Shares Upon Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, or Merger. In the event of any (i) capital
reorganization of the Company, (ii) reclassification of the stock of the Company (other than as a result of a stock dividend or subdivision,
split-up, or combination of shares to which Section 15(b) applies), (iii) consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another
Person, (iv) sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets to another Person or (v) other similar transaction, in each
case which entitles the holders of Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrants) to receive (either
directly or upon subsequent liquidation) stock, securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Stock, a Listing
Date shall be deemed to have occurred (to the extent a Listing Date has not already occurred), provided that, a Listing Date shall

16

not be deemed to have occurred upon the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the RSM, and the Warrants shall, immediately after any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, or similar transaction, remain outstanding and shall thereafter, in lieu of or in addition to (as the case may be) the number
of Warrant Shares then exercisable under the Warrants, be exercisable for the kind and number of shares of stock or other securities or
assets of the Company or of the successor Person resulting from such transaction to which the Warrantholder would have been entitled upon
such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, or similar transaction if the Warrantholder had exercised its Warrants
in full (without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately prior to the time of such reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, or similar transaction and acquired the applicable number of Warrant Shares then issuable hereunder as a
result of such exercise (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the exercisability of the Warrants); and, in such
case, appropriate adjustment (in form and substance satisfactory to the holders of a majority of the Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
to this Agreement) shall be made with respect to the Warrantholders rights under this Agreement to ensure that the provisions of
this Agreement shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as possible, to this Agreement in relation to any shares of stock, securities,
or assets thereafter acquirable upon exercise of the Warrants; provided that if the consideration for any such transaction consists
solely of Cash, on the effective date of such transaction, each Warrantholder shall receive, at the same time and upon the same terms
as the holders of Common Stock receive Cash in exchange for their shares of Common Stock, Cash in an amount equal to (x) the amount of
Cash that such Warrantholder would receive for the number of Warrant Shares then exercisable under its Warrants, as of the record date
for such transaction (without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), minus (y) an amount equal to the Exercise Price in
effect on such record date multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares then exercisable under the Warrantholders Warrants on such
record date (without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), and upon the Companys delivery of such Cash (if any)
in respect of such Warrants, such Warrants shall be deemed to have been exercised in full and canceled. The provisions of this Section
15(d) shall similarly apply to successive reorganizations, reclassifications, consolidations, mergers, sales, or similar transactions.
The Company shall not effect any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, or similar transaction unless, prior
to the consummation thereof, the successor Person (if other than the Company) resulting from such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, or similar transaction, shall assume, by written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Agreement,
the obligation to deliver to the Warrantholder such shares of stock, securities, or assets which, in accordance with the foregoing provisions,
the Warrantholder shall be entitled to receive upon exercise of the Warrants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
with respect to any corporate event or other transaction contemplated by the provisions of this Section 15(d), the Warrantholder shall
have the right to elect prior to the consummation of such event or transaction, to give effect to the exercise rights contained in this
Agreement instead of giving effect to the provisions contained in this Section 15(d) with respect to this Agreement.

(e)Certain Events.

(i)If any event of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 15 but not expressly provided for by such provisions occurs,
then the Board shall consider, in good faith, whether to make an appropriate adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants so as to protect the rights of the Warrantholder in a manner consistent

17

with the provisions of this Section 15; provided,
that no such adjustment pursuant to this Section 15(e) shall decrease the number of Warrant Shares issuable, or increase the Exercise
Price payable, as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 15.

(ii)The Company shall not take any action which would cause the Exercise Price then in effect (or as adjusted after the application
of any adjustment pursuant to this Section 15(e)) to be less than the par value per share of the unissued Warrant Shares acquirable upon
exercise of the Warrants.

(iii)If the Company at any time decreases the par value per share of the unissued Warrant Shares, the Exercise Price shall be decreased
to equal the decreased par value per share.

(f)Certificate as to Adjustment.

(i)As promptly as reasonably practicable following any adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Section 15, but in any event not later
than ten (10) days thereafter, the Company shall furnish to the Warrantholder a certificate of an executive officer setting forth in reasonable
detail such adjustment and the facts upon which it is based and certifying the calculation thereof.

(ii)As promptly as reasonably practicable following the receipt by the Company of a written request by the Warrantholder, but in any
event not later than ten (10) Business Days thereafter, the Company shall furnish to the Warrantholder a certificate of an executive officer
certifying the amount of other shares of stock, securities, or assets then issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

(g)No Adjustment for Permitted Transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, no adjustment shall be made
under this Section 15 in connection with any Permitted Transaction.

Section
16.No Impairment. The Company shall
not, by amendment, modification, or waiver of any term or provision of its governing documents, or through any reorganization, transfer
of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the
observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed by it hereunder, but shall at all times in good faith assist
in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Agreement and in the taking of all such action as may reasonably be requested by the
Warrantholder in order to protect the rights of the Warrantholder.

Section
17.Registration Rights Agreement.
The Company and the Initial Warrantholders are parties to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025 (as
such agreement may be amended or amended and restated from time to time, the Registration Rights Agreement).
In the event that any Ultimate Warrantholder is not already a party to the Registration Rights Agreement, such Ultimate Warrantholder
may execute and deliver to the Company a Joinder (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), and the Company shall promptly accept
same to the extent each party is permitted to do so in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement.

Section
18.No Fractional Shares. The Company
shall not be required to issue Warrants to purchase fractions of Warrant Shares, or to issue fractions of Warrant Shares upon exercise
of

18

the Warrants, or to distribute certificates which
evidence fractional Warrant Shares and no Cash shall be distributed in lieu of such fractional shares or rights. If more than one Warrant
shall be presented for exercise in full at the same time by the same Warrantholder, the number of full Warrant Shares which shall be issuable
upon the exercise thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate number of Warrant Shares purchasable on exercise of the Warrants
so presented. If any fraction of a Warrant Share would, except for the provisions of this Section 18, be issuable on the exercise of any
Warrants (or specified portion thereof), as applicable, such Warrant Share shall be rounded up to the next highest whole number.

Section
19.Redemption. The Warrants shall
not be redeemable by the Company or any other Person, in whole or in part.

Section
20.Required Notices to Warrantholders.
In the event the Company shall:

(a)take any action that would result in an adjustment to the Exercise Price and/or the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise
of a Warrant pursuant to Section 15;

(b)consummate any Winding Up;

(c)consummate any capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification of the Common Stock (or other securities at the time
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants), any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another Person, or any sale of all or
substantially all of the Companys assets to another Person; or

(d)make or declare, or fix a record date for the determination of stockholders of Common Stock (or other capital stock or securities
at the time issuable upon exercise of the Warrant) entitled to receive, a dividend or any other distribution payable in securities of
the Company, Cash or other property (each of (a), (b), (c) or (d), an Action);

then, in each such case, the Company shall cause
to be delivered to the Warrant Agent and shall direct the Warrant Agent to give written notice thereof to each Warrantholder at such Warrantholders
address appearing on the Warrant Register, in accordance with Section 26, a written notice of such Action. Such notice shall be given
to the Warrantholders promptly, and in any event no later than ten (10) days prior to the applicable record date or the applicable expected
effective date, as the case may be, for such Action. If at any time the Company shall cancel any of the Actions for which notice has been
given under this Section 20 prior to the consummation thereof, the Company shall give the Warrantholder prompt written notice of such
cancellation in accordance with Section 26.

Section
21.Merger, Consolidation or Change of
Name of Warrant Agent. Any Person into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or
any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent is a party, or any Person succeeding to the
shareholder services business of the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent, shall be the successor to the Warrant Agent hereunder
without the execution or filing of any document or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, if such Person would be eligible
for appointment as a successor Warrant Agent under the provisions of Section 23. If any of the Global Warrant Certificates have been countersigned
but not delivered at the time such successor to the Warrant Agent succeeds under this Agreement, any such successor

19

to the Warrant Agent may adopt the countersignature
of the original Warrant Agent; and if at that time any of the Global Warrant Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor
to the Warrant Agent may countersign such Global Warrant Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Warrant Agent or in the name
of the successor Warrant Agent; and in all such cases such Global Warrant Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Global
Warrant Certificates and in this Agreement.

If at any time the name of the
Warrant Agent is changed and at such time any of the Global Warrant Certificates have been countersigned but not delivered, the Warrant
Agent whose name has changed may adopt the countersignature under its prior name; and if at that time any of the Global Warrant Certificates
have not been countersigned, the Warrant Agent may countersign such Global Warrant Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed
name; and in all such cases such Global Warrant Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Global Warrant Certificates and
in this Agreement.

Section
22.Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent
undertakes only the duties and obligations expressly imposed by this Agreement and the Global Warrant Certificates, in each case upon
the following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the Warrantholders, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

(a)The statements contained herein and in the Global Warrant Certificates shall be taken as statements of the Company, and the Warrant
Agent assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of any of the same except to the extent that such statements describe the Warrant Agent
or action taken or to be taken by the Warrant Agent. Except as expressly provided herein, the Warrant Agent assumes no responsibility
with respect to the execution, delivery or distribution of the Global Warrant Certificates.

(b)The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any failure of the Company to comply with any of the covenants contained in this
Agreement or in the Global Warrant Certificates to be complied with by the Company, nor shall it at any time be under any duty or responsibility
to any Warrantholder to make or cause to be made any adjustment in the Exercise Price or in the number of Warrants Shares any Warrant
is exercisable for (except as instructed in writing by the Company), or to determine whether any facts exist that may require any such
adjustments, or with respect to the nature or extent of or method employed in making any such adjustments when made.

(c)The Warrant Agent may consult at any time with counsel satisfactory to it (who may be counsel for the Company or an employee of
the Warrant Agent), and the advice or opinion of such counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection to the Warrant Agent
as to any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with such advice or opinion, absent gross negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct in the selection and continued retention of such counsel and the reliance on such counsels advice or opinion (each as
determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction).

(d)The Warrant Agent shall incur no liability or responsibility to the Company or to any Warrantholder for any action taken in reliance
in good faith on any written notice, resolution, waiver, consent, order, certificate or other paper, document or instrument believed by
it to be

20

genuine and to have been signed,
sent or presented by the proper party or parties. The Warrant Agent shall not take any instructions or directions except those given in
accordance with this Agreement.

(e)The Company agrees to pay to the Warrant Agent reasonable compensation for all services rendered by the Warrant Agent under this
Agreement in accordance with a fee schedule to be mutually agreed upon, to reimburse the Warrant Agent upon demand for all reasonable
and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including counsel fees and other disbursements, incurred by the Warrant Agent in the preparation,
administration, delivery, execution and amendment of this Agreement and the performance of its duties under this Agreement and to indemnify
the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all losses, liabilities and expenses, including judgments, damages, fines, penalties,
claims, demands and costs (including reasonable out-of-pocket counsel fees and expenses), for anything done or omitted by the Warrant
Agent arising out of or in connection with this Agreement except as a result of its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct
(each as determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction). The costs and expenses
incurred by the Warrant Agent in enforcing the right to indemnification shall be paid by the Company except to the extent that the Warrant
Agent is not entitled to indemnification due to its gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (each as determined by a final non-appealable
order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be responsible
for any settlement made without its written consent; provided that nothing in this sentence shall limit the Companys obligations
contained in this paragraph other than pursuant to such a settlement.

(f)The Warrant Agent shall be under no obligation to institute any action, suit or legal proceeding or to take any other action likely
to involve expense or liability. All rights of action under this Agreement or under any of the Warrants may be enforced by the Warrant
Agent without the possession of any of the Warrants or the production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and any
such action, suit or proceeding instituted by the Warrant Agent shall be brought in its name as Warrant Agent, and any recovery or judgment
shall be for the ratable benefit of the Warrantholders, as their respective rights or interests may appear.

(g)The Warrant Agent, and any member, stockholder, affiliate, director, officer or employee thereof, may buy, sell or deal in any
of the Warrants or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company is interested,
or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it was not the Warrant Agent under this Agreement,
or a member, stockholder director, officer or employee of the Warrant Agent, as the case may be. Nothing herein shall preclude the Warrant
Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity.

(h)The Warrant Agent shall act hereunder solely as agent for the Company, and its duties shall be determined solely by the provisions
hereof. The Warrant Agent shall not be liable for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection with this Agreement except
in connection with its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (each as determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment,
ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the
Warrant Agent be liable for special, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind

21

whatsoever (including, but not
limited to, lost profits), even if the Warrant Agent has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.

(i)The Company agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying
out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

(j)The Warrant Agent shall not be under any responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery
hereof (except the due and validly authorized execution hereof by the Warrant Agent) or in respect of the validity or execution of any
Global Warrant Certificate (except its due and validly authorized countersignature thereof), nor shall the Warrant Agent by any act hereunder
be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of the Warrant Shares to be issued pursuant to
this Agreement or any Warrant or as to whether the Warrant Shares will when issued be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable or
as to the Exercise Price or the number of Warrant Shares a Warrant is exercisable for.

(k)Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the Warrant Agent deems it necessary or desirable that any fact
or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, the Warrant Agent is hereby authorized
and directed to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from an Appropriate Officer of the Company
and to apply to such Appropriate Officer for advice or instructions in connection with its duties, and such instructions shall be full
authorization and protection to the Warrant Agent and, absent gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (each as determined by
a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction), the Warrant Agent shall not be liable
for any action taken, suffered to be taken, or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with instructions of any such Appropriate Officer
or in reliance upon any statement signed by any one of such Appropriate Officers of the Company with respect to any fact or matter (unless
other evidence in respect thereof is herein specifically prescribed) which may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by
such signed statement. The Warrant Agent shall not be held to have notice of any change of authority of any Person, until receipt of written
notice thereof from Company.

(l)Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Warrant Agents aggregate liability during any term of this
Agreement with respect to, arising from, or arising in connection with this Agreement, or from all services provided or omitted to be
provided under this Agreement, whether in contract, or in tort, or otherwise, is limited to, and shall not exceed, the amounts paid hereunder
by the Company to the Warrant Agent as fees and charges, but not including reimbursable expenses, during the twelve (12) months immediately
preceding the event for which recovery from Warrant Agent is being sought.

(m)No provision of this Agreement shall require the Warrant Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial
liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its rights if it believes that repayment of such funds
or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

22

(n)If the Warrant Agent shall receive any notice or demand (other than notice of or demand for exercise of Warrants) addressed to
the Company by any Warrantholder pursuant to the provisions of the Warrants, the Warrant Agent shall promptly forward such notice or demand
to the Company.

(o)The Warrant Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either
itself or by or through its attorneys, accountants, agents or other experts, and the Warrant Agent will not be answerable or accountable
for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company or the Warrantholders resulting
from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, absent gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the selection and continued
employment thereof (each as determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction).

(p)The Warrant Agent will not be under any duty or responsibility to ensure compliance with any applicable federal or state securities
laws in connection with the issuance, transfer or exchange of the Warrants.

(q)The Warrant Agent shall have no duties, responsibilities or obligations as the Warrant Agent except those which are expressly set
forth herein, and in any modification or amendment hereof to which the Warrant Agent has consented in writing, and no duties, responsibilities
or obligations shall be implied or inferred. Without limiting the foregoing, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
Warrant Agent shall not be subject to, nor be required to comply with, or determine if any Person has complied with, the Warrants or any
other agreement between or among the parties hereto, even though reference thereto may be made in this Agreement, or to comply with any
notice, instruction, direction, request or other communication, paper or document other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

(r)The Warrant Agent shall not incur any liability for not performing any act, duty, obligation or responsibility by reason of any
occurrence beyond the control of the Warrant Agent (including without limitation any act or provision of any present or future law or
regulation or governmental authority, any act of God, war, civil disorder or failure of any means of communication, terrorist acts, pandemics,
epidemics, shortage of supply, breakdowns or malfunctions, interruptions or malfunction of computer facilities, or loss of data due to
power failures or mechanical difficulties with information storage or retrieval systems, labor difficulties).

(s)In the event the Warrant Agent believes any ambiguity or uncertainty exists hereunder or in any notice, instruction, direction,
request or other communication, paper or document received by the Warrant Agent hereunder, or is for any reason unsure as to what action
to take hereunder, the Warrant Agent shall notify the Company in writing as soon as practicable, and upon delivery of such notice may,
in its sole discretion, refrain from taking any action, and shall be fully protected and shall not be liable in any way to the Company
or any Warrantholder or other Person for refraining from taking such action, unless the Warrant Agent receives written instructions signed
by the Company which eliminates such ambiguity or uncertainty to the satisfaction of Warrant Agent.

23

(t)The Warrant Agent and the Company agree that all books, records, information and data pertaining to the business of the other party,
including inter alia, personal, non-public Warrantholder information, which are exchanged or received pursuant to the negotiation or the
carrying out of this Agreement including the fees for services set forth in the attached schedule shall remain confidential, and shall
not be voluntarily disclosed to any other Person, except as may be required by law, including, without limitation, pursuant to subpoenas
from state or federal government authorities (e.g., in divorce and criminal actions).

(u)The provisions of this Section 22 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the exercise or expiration of the Warrants and
the resignation or removal of the Warrant Agent.

(v)No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to relieve the Warrant Agent from liability for fraud, or its own gross negligence,
bad faith or its willful misconduct (each as determined by a final non-appealable order, judgment, ruling or decree of a court of competent
jurisdiction).

Section
23.Change of Warrant Agent. If
the Warrant Agent resigns (such resignation to become effective not earlier than thirty (30) calendar days after the giving of written
notice thereof to the Company) or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or make an
assignment for the benefit of its creditors or consent to the appointment of a receiver of all or any substantial part of its property
or affairs or shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay or meet its
debts generally as they become due, or if an order of any court shall be entered approving any petition filed by or against the Warrant
Agent under the provisions of bankruptcy laws or any similar legislation, or if a receiver, trustee or other similar official of it or
of all or any substantial part of its property shall be appointed, or if any public officer shall take charge or control of it or of
its property or affairs, for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation, protection, relief, winding up or liquidation, or becomes incapable
of acting as Warrant Agent or if the Board by resolution removes the Warrant Agent (such removal to become effective not earlier than
thirty (30) calendar days after the filing of a certified copy of such resolution with the Warrant Agent and the giving of written notice
of such removal to the Warrantholders), the Company shall appoint a successor to the Warrant Agent. If the Company fails to make such
appointment within a period of thirty (30) calendar days after such removal or after it has been so notified in writing of such resignation
or incapacity by the Warrant Agent, then any Warrantholder may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a
successor to the Warrant Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of a majority of the securities issuable upon exercise of
all issued but unexercised Restructuring Warrants may remove the Warrant Agent (i) in their sole discretion, no more than once in any
twelve (12) month period and (ii) at any time For Cause (as defined below), in each case, by written notice to the Company provided by
the holders of a majority of the securities issuable upon exercise of all issued but unexercised Restructuring Warrants, in which case
the successor Warrant Agent shall be specified by such holders and reasonably acceptable to the Company. Pending appointment of a successor
to the Warrant Agent, the duties of the Warrant Agent shall be carried out by the Company. Any successor Warrant Agent shall be an entity,
in good standing, incorporated under the laws of any state or of the United States of America. As soon as practicable after appointment
of the successor Warrant Agent, the Company shall cause written notice of the change in the Warrant Agent to be given to each of the
Warrantholders at such Warrantholders address appearing on the Warrant Register. After appointment, the successor

24

Warrant Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named
as Warrant Agent without further act or deed. The former Warrant Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor Warrant Agent any property
at the time held by it hereunder and execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, any further assurance, conveyance, act or deed
necessary for the purpose. Failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 23 or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality
or validity of the removal of the Warrant Agent or the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent, as the case may be. For purposes of this
Section 23, For Cause means acts or omissions of the Warrant Agent that constitute gross negligence, bad faith or
willful misconduct in the fulfillment of its duties as set forth in this Agreement.

Section
24.Cumulative Remedies. Except as
expressly provided for herein, the rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to and not in substitution
for any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise.

Section
25.Warrantholder Not Deemed a Stockholder.
Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any of the Warrants shall be construed as conferring upon the Warrantholders thereof the right
to vote or to receive dividends or to participate in any transaction that would give rise to an adjustment under Section 15 or to consent
or to receive notice as stockholders in respect of the meetings of stockholders or for the election of directors of the Company or any
other matter, or any rights whatsoever as stockholders of the Company.

Section
26.Notices to Company and Warrant Agent.
Any notice or demand authorized or permitted by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by any Warrantholder to or
on the Company to be effective shall be in writing (including by facsimile or email, as applicable), and shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made when delivered by hand, or when sent if delivered to a recognized courier or deposited in the mail, first class and
postage prepaid or, in the case of email or facsimile notice, when received, addressed as follows (until another address, facsimile number
or email address is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent):

Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.

1731 Radiant Drive

Dania Beach, FL 33004

Attn: Thomas Canfield

Email: thomas.canfield@Spirit.com

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450 Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10017

Attn:

Marshall Huebner

Darren Klein

Christopher Robertson

Email:

marshall.huebner@davispolk.com

darren.klein@davispolk.com

christopher.robertson@davispolk.com

25

Any notice or demand pursuant
to this Agreement to be given by the Company or by any Warrantholder to the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given if sent in the same
manner as notices or demands are to be given or made to or on the Company (as set forth above) to the Warrant Agent at the office maintained
by the Warrant Agent (the Warrant Agent Office) as follows (until another address is filed in writing by the
Warrant Agent with the Company, which other address shall become the address of the Warrant Agent Office for the purposes of this Agreement):

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC

48 Wall Street, 23rd Floor

New York, New York 10005

Attn: John Baker

Email: John.Baker@equiniti.com

Where this Agreement provides
for notice to Warrantholders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in
writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Warrantholder affected by such event, at the address of such Warrantholder as
it appears in the Warrant Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving
of such notice. In any case where notice to Warrantholders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in
any notice so mailed, to any particular Warrantholder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Warrantholders.
Where this Agreement provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice,
either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice.

In case by reason of the suspension
of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice by mail, then such notification
as shall be made by a method approved by the Warrant Agent as one which would be most reliable under the circumstances for successfully
delivering the notice to the addressees shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.

Where this Agreement provides
for notice of any event to a Warrantholder of a Global Warrant Certificate, such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary
(or its designee), pursuant to the rules and procedures of the Depositary, not later than the latest date (if any), and not earlier than
the earliest date (if any), prescribed for the giving of such notice.

At the reasonable request of
the Company to the Warrant Agent, the Warrant Agent will cause any notice prepared by the Company to be sent to any of the Depositary
Participants pursuant to the Depositary Procedures, provided such request is evidenced in a written order signed on behalf of the Company
by one (1) of its authorized officers and delivered, together with the text of such notice, to the Warrant Agent at least two (2) Business
Days before the date such notice is to be so sent. For the avoidance of doubt, such written order need not be accompanied by an Officers
Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Warrant Agent will not have any liability relating to the contents of any notice that it sends
to any Warrantholder pursuant to any such written order. For purposes of this Agreement, Depositary Procedures
means, with respect to any exercise,

26

transfer, exchange or other transaction involving
a Global Warrant Certificate representing any Warrants, or any beneficial interest in such Global Warrant Certificate, the rules and procedures
of the Depositary applicable to such exercise, transfer, exchange or transaction.

Section
27.Tax Matters.

(a)The Company shall comply with all applicable tax withholding and reporting requirements imposed by any governmental and regulatory
authority, and all distributions or other situations requiring withholding under applicable law (including deemed distributions) pursuant
to the Warrants will be subject to applicable withholding and reporting requirements. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the
Company shall be authorized to: (a) take any actions that may be necessary or appropriate to comply with such withholding and reporting
requirements, (b) apply a portion of any Cash distribution to be made under the Warrants to pay applicable withholding taxes, (c) holdback
and liquidate a portion of any non-Cash distribution to be made under the Warrants to generate sufficient funds to pay applicable withholding
taxes, (d) require reimbursement from any Warrantholder to the extent any withholding is required in the absence of any distribution,
or (e) establish any other mechanisms the Company believes are reasonable and appropriate, including requiring Warrantholders to submit
appropriate tax and withholding certifications (such as IRS Forms W-9 or any successor form) that are necessary to comply with this Section
27.

(b)Each party acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Warrants will be treated as equity for U.S. federal, state and local tax purposes,
(ii) the exercise of the Warrants will be treated as a recapitalization under Section 368 of the Code, and (iii) it shall not take any
action or file any tax return, report or declaration inconsistent with the foregoing.

Section
28.Dissolution, Liquidation or Winding
Up.

(a)Without limiting the requirements of Section 20, if the Company (or any other Person controlling the Company) shall propose a Winding
Up of the affairs of the Company, the Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent and all Warrantholders in the manner
provided in Section 26 prior to the date on which such transaction is expected to become effective or, if earlier, the record date for
such transaction. Such notice shall also specify the date as of which the stockholders of record of the Warrant Shares shall be entitled
to exchange their Warrant Shares for securities, money or other property deliverable upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up,
as the case may be, on which date each Warrantholder shall receive the securities, money or other property which such Warrantholder would
have been entitled to receive had such Warrantholder been the stockholder of record into which the Warrants were exercisable immediately
prior to such dissolution, liquidation or winding up (net of the then applicable Exercise Price) and the rights to exercise the Warrants
shall terminate upon receipt in full of such securities, money or other property.

(b)In case of any Winding Up of the affairs of the Company, the Company shall deposit with the Warrant Agent any funds or other property
which the Warrantholders are entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 28, together with instructions as to the distribution thereof.
After receipt of such deposit from the Company and any such other necessary information as the Warrant Agent may reasonably require, the
Warrant Agent shall make payment in appropriate amount to

27

such Person or Persons as it
may be directed in writing by each Warrantholder. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to pay interest on any money deposited pursuant
to the provisions of this Section 28 except such as it shall agree with the Company to pay thereon. Any moneys, securities or other property
which at any time shall be deposited by the Company or on its behalf with the Warrant Agent pursuant to this Section 28 shall be, and
are hereby, assigned, transferred and set over to the Warrant Agent in trust; provided, that, moneys, securities or other property need
not be segregated from other funds, securities or other property held by the Warrant Agent except to the extent required by law.

Section
29.Supplements and Amendments. This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among
the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and may not be amended, except in a writing signed by both of them.
The Company and the Warrant Agent may from time to time amend, modify or supplement this Agreement with the prior written consent of the
holders of a majority of the securities issuable upon exercise of all issued but unexercised Restructuring Warrants, pursuant to a written
amendment or supplement executed by the Company and the Warrant Agent; provided, however, that any amendment to Section 12 or Section
13 and any definitions or provisions relating thereto (including this proviso) shall require the consent of the Company, the Warrant Agent,
and each affected Ultimate Warrantholder; provided, further, that any amendment or supplement to this Agreement that would
reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect any right of an Ultimate Warrantholder relative to the other Ultimate Warrantholders
shall require the written consent of each such Ultimate Warrantholder. In addition, the consent of each Ultimate Warrantholder affected
shall be required for any amendment pursuant to which the Exercise Price would be increased or the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon
exercise of Warrants would be decreased (other than pursuant to adjustments provided in this Agreement). Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, upon the delivery of a certificate from an Appropriate Officer of the Company which states that the proposed supplement
or amendment is in compliance with the terms of this Section 29 and provided that such supplement or amendment does not adversely affect
the Warrant Agents rights, duties, liabilities, immunities or obligations hereunder, the Warrant Agent shall execute such supplement
or amendment. Any amendment, modification or waiver effected pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 29 will
be binding upon all Warrantholders and upon each future Warrantholder, the Company and the Warrant Agent. In the event of any amendment,
modification, supplement or waiver, the Company will give prompt notice thereof to all Warrantholders and, if appropriate, notation thereof
will be made on all Global Warrant Certificates thereafter surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange.

Section
30.Successors. All the covenants
and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their
respective successors and permitted assigns hereunder.

Section
31.Termination. This Agreement shall
terminate once all outstanding Warrants have been exercised in full. Termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the Company or the
Warrant Agent of any of their obligations arising prior to the date of such termination or in connection with the settlement of any Warrant
exercised prior to the Expiration Time. The provisions of Section 22, this Section 31, Section 32 and Section 33 shall survive such termination
and the resignation or removal of the Warrant Agent.

28

Section
32.Governing Law Venue and Jurisdiction;
Trial By Jury. This Agreement and each Warrant issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State
of New York and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such state. Each party hereto consents
and submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and any federal courts located in such state in connection with
any action or proceeding brought against it that arises out of or in connection with, that is based upon, or that relates to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby. In connection with any such action or proceeding in any such court, each party hereto hereby
waives personal service of any summons, complaint or other process and hereby agrees that service thereof may be made in accordance with
the procedures for giving notice set forth in Section 26. Each party hereto hereby waives any objection to jurisdiction or venue in any
such court in any such action or proceeding and agrees not to assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue in any such court
in any such action or proceeding. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any action, proceeding or counterclaim as between the parties directly or
indirectly arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or disputes relating hereto.
Each of the parties hereto (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party hereto has represented, expressly
or otherwise that such other party hereto would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges
that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications
in this Section 32.

Section
33.Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing
in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Warrant Agent, the Warrantholders and the Ultimate
Warrantholders any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive
benefit of the Company, the Warrant Agent, the Warrantholders and the Ultimate Warrantholders.

Section
34.Counterparts. This Agreement
may be executed (including by means of facsimile or electronically transmitted portable document format (.pdf) signature pages) in any
number of counterparts and each such counterpart shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

Section
35.Headings. The headings of sections
of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof and in no way modify or
restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section
36.Severability. Whenever possible,
each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision
of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement in
such jurisdiction or affect the validity, legality or enforceability of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and the invalid, illegal
or unenforceable provision shall be interpreted and applied so as to produce as near as may be the economic result intended by the parties
hereto. Upon determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as

29

possible in an acceptable manner
to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible; provided, however, that if such excluded
provision shall materially and adversely affect the rights, immunities, liabilities, duties or obligations of the Warrant Agent, the Warrant
Agent shall be entitled to resign immediately upon written notice to the Company (in which case a replacement Warrant Agent shall be appointed
in accordance with Section 23).

Section
37.Meaning of Terms Used in Agreement.

(a)The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and
no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. Any references to any federal, state, local or foreign statute or law
shall also refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context otherwise requires. Unless the context otherwise
requires: (a) a term has the meaning assigned to it by this Agreement; (b) forms of the word include mean that the inclusion
is not limited to the items listed; (c) or is disjunctive but not exclusive; (d) words in the singular include the plural,
and in the plural include the singular; and (e) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; (f) hereof, hereunder,
herein and hereto refer to the entire Agreement and not any section or subsection.

(b)The
following terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth below:

$
shall mean the currency of the United States.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control
with such Person as of the date on which, or at any time during the period for which, the determination of affiliation is being made.
Affiliated shall have a correlative meaning.

Appropriate Officer
means, with respect to the Company, its Chief Executive Officer, its Chief Financial Officer, its President, its General Counsel, its
Treasurer, its Controller, a Vice President, its Secretary, an Assistant Secretary or any other authorized person appointed by the Board
from time to time.

Board
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by law or other governmental action
to be closed in New York, New York.

Bylaws
means the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws.

Cash
means such coin or currency of the United States as at any time of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts
in the United States. For the avoidance of doubt, "Cash" shall be United States Dollars unless United States Dollars are no
longer accepted as legal tender for the payment of public and private debts in the United States.

Close of Business
means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

30

Common Stock
means the common stock $0.0001 par value per share of the Company and any capital stock into which such Common Stock shall have been converted,
exchanged or reclassified following the date hereof.

Common Stock Equivalents
means any rights, warrants, options, convertible securities or indebtedness, exchangeable securities or indebtedness, or other rights,
exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into, directly or indirectly, Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants) and securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock (or other securities at the time issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants), whether at the time of issuance or upon the passage of time or the occurrence of some future event.

Control
means, with respect to any Person, (i) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or agency or otherwise, or (ii) the ownership
of at least 50% of the equity securities in such Person. Controlled shall have a correlative meaning.

Depositary Participant
means any member of, or participant in, the Depositary.

Distribution Compliance
Period means, with respect to any Warrant, the period of six months beginning on and including the later of (a) the day
on which such Warrant is first offered to persons other than distributors (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation S, and
(b) the date of issuance with respect to such Warrant or any predecessor of such Warrant.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fair Market Value
means, as of any particular date: (a) the volume weighted average of the closing sales prices of the Common Stock for such day on all
Securities Exchanges on which the Common Stock may at the time be listed; (b) if there have been no sales of the Common Stock on any such
Securities Exchange on any such day, the average of the highest bid and lowest asked prices for the Common Stock on all such exchanges
at the end of such day; or (c) if on any such day the Common Stock is not listed on a Securities Exchange, the average of the highest
bid and lowest asked prices for the Common Stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the Pink OTC Markets, or similar quotation system or
association at the end of such day; in each case, averaged over twenty (20) consecutive Business Days ending on the Business Day immediately
prior to the day as of which Fair Market Value is being determined; provided, that if the Common Stock is listed
on any Securities Exchange, the term Business Day as used in this sentence means Business Days on which such exchange is
open for trading. If at any time the Common Stock is not listed on any Securities Exchange or quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the Pink
OTC Markets, or similar quotation system or association, the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock shall be the fair market
value per share as determined in good faith by the Board.

IAI
means an institution that is an accredited investor as described in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12), or (13)
under the Securities Act and is not a QIB.

Issue Date
means March 12, 2025.

31

OTC Bulletin Board
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority OTC Bulletin Board electronic inter-dealer quotation system.

Listing Date
means the date on which the Companys Common Stock is first listed on a Securities Exchange or such other date specified in this
Agreement.

Permitted Transaction
means (a) issuances of shares of Common Stock (including upon exercise of options, granting of restricted stock awards, or settlement
of restricted stock units or as matching contributions under a 401(k) plan) to directors, advisors, employees, or consultants of the Company
in accordance with a stock option plan, employee stock purchase plan, restricted stock plan, other employee benefit plan, or other similar
compensatory agreement or arrangement approved or otherwise ratified by the Board on or after the date hereof, and (b) issuances of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant.

Person
means any individual, corporation, limited partnership, general partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company,
joint stock company, joint venture, corporation, unincorporated organization, association, company, trust, group or other legal entity,
or any governmental or political subdivision or any agency, department or instrumentality thereof.

Pink OTC Markets
means the OTC Markets Group Inc. electronic inter-dealer quotation system, including OTCQX, OTCQB, and OTC Pink.

QIB
means a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A.

Regulation S
means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.

RSM
means that certain Restructuring Steps Memorandum attached as Exhibit G to that certain Notice of Filing of Plan Supplement to the First
Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Spirit Airlines, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates, Docket No. 491.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A
means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.

Securities Exchange
means the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Capital Market,
or other national securities exchange or market.

Transfer Restricted
Warrant means any Warrant that bears or is required to bear the Restricted Warrants Legend.

Ultimate Warrantholder
means any Person with a beneficial interest in a Warrant, which interest is credited to the account of a Depositary Participant for the
benefit of such Person through the book-entry system maintained by the Depositary (or its agent).

Unrestricted Global
Warrant means any Warrant in global form that does not bear or is not required to bear the Restricted Warrants Legend.

32

U.S. person
means a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S.

Warrant Share
means the shares of Common Stock or (as provided pursuant to Section 15 hereof) other securities deliverable upon proper exercise of the
Warrants.

Warrantholder
means each Person in whose name this Warrant is registered.

Winding Up
means a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up.

[Signature pages follow]

33

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC

as Warrant Agent

By: /s/Michael Legregin

Name: Michael Legregin

Title: Senior Vice President

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO TRANCHE 2 WARRANT AGREEMENT]

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF GLOBAL WARRANT CERTIFICATE

[THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
OR QUALIFIED UNDER ANY STATE OR FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT COVERING SUCH SECURITIES IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IS QUALIFIED UNDER
APPLICABLE STATE AND FOREIGN LAW OR (II) THE TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT AND THE QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER APPLICABLE STATE AND FOREIGN LAW.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE
HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES, TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, PRIOR TO THE DATE (THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE) THAT IS [IN THE CASE OF 144A
OR IAI WARRANTS: ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.
(THE COMPANY) OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE COMPANY WAS THE OWNER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY)
OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT][IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S WARRANTS: SIX MONTHS
AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE DATE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY) WAS FIRST
OFFERED TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 902 OF REGULATION S) IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S], ONLY (A) TO SPIRIT
AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC. (THE COMPANY) OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS
BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A), TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER
AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN
THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE
UNITED STATES WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (E) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN
THE MEANING OF RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12), OR (13) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT IS NOT A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER
AND THAT IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR, OR (F) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE COMPANYS AND THE WARRANT AGENTS
RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE

OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (C), (D), (E)
OR (F) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF A CERTIFICATION OR, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSES (E) OR (F), AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED
BY THE TRANCHE 2 WARRANT AGREEMENT AND/ OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST
OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE.

[IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S WARRANTS: BY
ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND AGREES ON ITS
OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED SECURITIES THAT HEDGING TRANSACTIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS
SECURITY AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THIS
SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXERCISED BY OR ON BEHALF OF A U.S. PERSON UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION
IS AVAILABLE.]]1

1 To be added to Restricted Warrants.

THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS
WARRANT ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN SECURITIES HELD BY PERSONS OR ENTITIES THAT FAIL TO QUALIFY AS CITIZENS
OF THE UNITED STATES AS THE TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 40102(a)(15) OF SUBTITLE VII OF TITLE 49 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE, AS AMENDED,
IN ANY SIMILAR LEGISLATION OF THE UNITED STATES ENACTED IN SUBSTITUTION OR REPLACEMENT THEREFOR, AND AS INTERPRETED BY THE DEPARTMENT
OF TRANSPORTATION, ITS PREDECESSORS AND SUCCESSORS, FROM TIME TO TIME. SUCH RESTRICTIONS ARE CONTAINED IN THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE
OF INCORPORATION AND THE BYLAWS OF SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC., AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED OR RESTATED FROM TIME TO TIME. A COMPLETE
AND CORRECT COPY OF SUCH AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND THE BYLAWS SHALL BE FURNISHED FREE OF CHARGE TO THE HOLDER
OF THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE SECRETARY OF SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

This Global Warrant Certificate
is held by The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary) or its nominee in custody for the benefit of
the beneficial owners hereof, and is not transferable to any Person under any circumstances except that (i) this Global Warrant Certificate
may be exchanged in whole but not in part pursuant to Section 6(a) of the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement, (ii) this Global Warrant Certificate
may be delivered to the Warrant Agent for cancellation pursuant to Section 6(h) of the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement and (iii) this Global
Warrant Certificate may be transferred to a successor Depositary with the prior written consent of the Company.

Unless this Global Warrant Certificate
is presented by an authorized representative of the Depositary to the Company or the Warrant Agent for registration of transfer, exchange
or payment and any certificate issued is registered in the name of Cede & Co. or such other entity as is requested by an authorized
representative of the Depositary (and any payment hereon is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized
representative of the Depositary), any transfer, pledge or other use hereof for value or otherwise by or to any Person is wrongful because
the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein.

Transfers of this Global Warrant
Certificate shall be limited to transfers in whole, but not in part, to nominees of the Depositary or to a successor thereof or such successors
nominee, and transfers of portions of this Global Warrant Certificate shall be limited to transfers made in accordance with the restrictions
set forth in Section 6 of the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement.

No registration or transfer
of the securities issuable pursuant to the Warrant will be recorded on the books of the Company until such provisions have been complied
with.

CUSIP No._______________

No. ____________________ WARRANT TO PURCHASE ________

SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

GLOBAL WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

FORM OF FACE OF WARRANT CERTIFICATE

This Warrant Certificate (Warrant
Certificate) certifies that [] or its registered assigns is the registered holder (the Warrantholder)
of a Warrant (the Warrant) of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
to purchase the number of shares (the Warrant Shares) of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) of the Company set forth above. This Warrant entitles the holder to purchase from the Company the number of fully paid
and non-assessable Warrant Shares set forth above at the exercise price (the Exercise Price) multiplied by the number
of Warrant Shares set forth above (the Exercise Amount), payable to the Company either by wire transfer, certified
or official bank or bank cashiers check payable to the order of the Company, or by wire transfer in immediately available funds
of the Exercise Amount to an account of the Warrant Agent specified in writing by the Warrant Agent for such purpose. The initial Exercise
Price shall be $0.0001 per share. This Warrant is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events as set forth in the Tranche
2 Warrant Agreement.

In lieu of paying the Exercise
Amount as set forth in the preceding paragraph, subject to the provisions of the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement (as defined on the reverse
hereof), each Warrant shall entitle the Warrantholder thereof, at the election of such Warrantholder, to exercise the Warrant by authorizing
the Company to withhold from issuance a number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant which when multiplied by the Fair
Market Value of the Common Stock is equal to the aggregate Exercise Price, and such withheld Warrant Shares shall no longer be issuable
under the Warrant, in accordance with the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Cashless Exercise shall be permitted
if, as the result of such adjustment provided for in Section 15 of the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement at the time of such Cashless Exercise,
Warrant Shares include a Cash component and the Company would be required to pay Cash to a Warrantholder upon exercise of Warrants.

REFERENCE IS HEREBY MADE TO
THE FURTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE SET FORTH ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. SUCH FURTHER PROVISIONS SHALL FOR ALL PURPOSES HAVE
THE SAME EFFECT AS THOUGH FULLY SET FORTH AT THIS PLACE.

This Warrant Certificate shall
not be valid unless countersigned by the Warrant Agent.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant Certificate to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

Dated: __________________________

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC as Warrant Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

FORM OF REVERSE OF GLOBAL WARRANT CERTIFICATE

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

The Warrant evidenced by this
Warrant Certificate is a part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants to purchase a maximum of [] shares of common stock issued
pursuant to that certain Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date (the Warrant Agreement), duly executed
and delivered by Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Warrant Agent (the Warrant
Agent). The Warrant Agreement hereby is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred
to for a description of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company
and the Warrantholders. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be inspected at the Warrant Agent office and is available upon written request
addressed to the Company. All capitalized terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined that are defined in the Warrant Agreement
shall have the meanings assigned to them therein. In the event of a conflict between the provisions set forth in this Warrant Certificate
and the provisions of the Warrant Agreement, the provisions of the Warrant Agreement shall govern and be controlling.

Warrants may be exercised to
purchase Warrant Shares from the Company from the Listing Date until the Expiration Time, at the Exercise Price set forth on the face
hereof, subject to adjustment as described in the Warrant Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant
Agreement, the Warrantholder evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may exercise such Warrant by:

(i) providing written notice of such election (Warrant Exercise Notice) to exercise the
Warrant to the Warrant Agent at the address set forth in the Warrant Agreement, Re: Warrant Exercise, by hand or by facsimile,
no later than the Expiration Time, which Warrant Exercise Notice shall substantially be in the form of an election to purchase Warrant
Shares set forth herein, properly completed and executed by the Warrantholder;

(ii) paying the applicable Exercise Amount, together with any applicable taxes and governmental charges.

In lieu of paying the Exercise
Amount as set forth in the preceding paragraph, subject to the provisions of the Warrant Agreement, each Warrant shall entitle the Warrantholder
thereof, at the election of such Warrantholder, to exercise the Warrant by authorizing the Company to withhold from issuance a number
of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant which when multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares is equal
to the aggregate Exercise Price in accordance with the Warrant Agreement, and such withheld Warrant Shares shall no longer be issuable
under the Warrant.

In the event that upon any exercise
of the Warrant evidenced hereby the number of Warrant Shares actually purchased shall be less than the total number of Warrant Shares
purchasable upon exercise of the Warrant evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the Warrantholders hereof, or such Warrantholders
assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing a Warrant to purchase the Warrant Shares not so purchased. No adjustment shall be made
for any

Cash dividends on any Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. After the Expiration Time, unexercised Warrants shall become wholly void and of no value.

The Company shall not be required
to issue fractions of Warrant Shares or any certificates that evidence fractional Warrant Shares.

Warrant Certificates, when surrendered
by book-entry delivery through the facilities of the Depositary may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided
in the Warrant Agreement, but without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor
evidencing a Warrant to purchase in the aggregate a like number of Warrant Shares.

No Warrants may be sold, exchanged
or otherwise transferred in violation of the Warrant Agreement. The securities represented by this instrument (including any securities
issued upon exercise hereof) were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirement of Section 5 of the Securities Act,
as amended (the Securities Act) provided by (i) Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Regulation S or other
applicable exemption and the Warrantholder evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may not be able to sell or transfer any Warrants or Warrant
Shares in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration thereunder or
(ii) Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, and to the extent that the Warrantholder evidenced by this Warrant Certificate is an underwriter
as defined in Section 1145(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, such Warrantholder may not be able to sell or transfer Warrants in the absence
of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration thereunder.

The Company and Warrant Agent
may deem and treat the registered holder hereof as the absolute owner of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership
or other writing hereon made by anyone) for the purpose of any exercise hereof and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor
the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

[Balance of page intentionally remains blank]

SCHEDULE A

SCHEDULE OF DECREASES
IN WARRANTS

The following decreases in the number of Warrants evidenced by this
Warrant Certificate have been made:

Date 

Amount
of decrease in number of Warrants evidenced by this Global Warrant Certificate 

Number
of Warrants evidenced by this Global Warrant Certificate following such decrease 

Signature
of authorized signatory

EXHIBIT B-1

FORM OF ELECTION TO EXERCISE BOOK-ENTRY

WARRANTS (TO BE EXECUTED UPON EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
elects to exercise the right to purchase __________ newly issued shares of Common Stock of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc. (the Company)
at the Exercise Price of $0.0001 per share, as adjusted pursuant to the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement.

The undersigned represents,
warrants and promises that it has the full power and authority to exercise and deliver the Warrants exercised hereby. The undersigned
represents and warrants that it has delivered or will deliver in payment for such shares $_________ by wire transfer, certified or official
bank or bank cashiers check payable to the order of the Company, or through a Cashless Exercise (as described below), no later
than the Expiration Time.

[2]
Please check if the undersigned, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price as set forth in the preceding paragraph, elects to exercise
the Warrant by authorizing the Company to withhold from issuance a number shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant which when multiplied
by the Fair Market Value of the Warrant Shares is equal to the aggregate Exercise Price, and such withheld shares shall no longer be
issuable under the Warrant.

Current aggregate beneficial
ownership of Common Stock of the Ultimate Warrantholder of the Warrant and its Attribution Parties (prior to this exercise of the Warrant):
____________________ Shares of Common Stock.

If such number of Warrant Shares
is less than the aggregate number of shares of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder, the undersigned requests that a new Book-Entry Warrant

2NOTE TO
WARRANTHOLDER: CHOOSING ANY METHOD OF EXERCISE OTHER THAN A CASHLESS EXERCISE MAY AFFECT THE TRADABILITY OF THE WARRANT SHARES.
PLEASE CONSULT YOUR ADVISOR IF YOU DO NOT INTEND TO CHECK THIS BOX. [To be added to Warrants issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act.]

representing the balance of
such Warrants shall be registered, with the appropriate Warrant Statement delivered as follows:

Name

Address:

Delivery Address (if different):

Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number of Warrantholder:

Signature

Note: The above signature must correspond with
the name as written upon the Warrant Statement in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

EXHIBIT B-2

FORM OF ELECTION TO EXERCISE WARRANTS REPRESENTED
BY GLOBAL WARRANT CERTIFICATES

TO BE COMPLETED BY DIRECT PARTICIPANT

IN THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

Warrants to Purchase _______ Shares of Common Stock

(TO BE EXECUTED UPON EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
elects to exercise the right, represented by _______ Warrants held for its benefit through the book-entry facilities of The Depository
Trust Company (the Depositary), to purchase newly issued shares of Common Stock of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.
(the Company) at the Exercise Price of $0.0001 per share, as adjusted pursuant to the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement.

The undersigned represents,
warrants and promises that it has the full power and authority to exercise and deliver the Warrants exercised hereby. The undersigned
represents and warrants that it has delivered or will deliver in payment for such shares $_____ by wire transfer, certified or official
bank or bank cashiers check payable to the order of the Company, or by wire transfer in immediately available funds of the aggregate
Exercise Price to an account of the Warrant Agent specified in writing by the Warrant Agent for such purpose or through a Cashless Exercise
(as described below), no later than the Expiration Time.

[3]
Please check if the undersigned, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price as set forth in the preceding paragraph, elects to exercise
the Warrant by authorizing the Company to withhold from issuance a number of shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant which when
multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock is equal to the aggregate Exercise Price, and such withheld shares shall no longer
be issuable under the Warrant.

Current aggregate beneficial
ownership of Common Stock of the Ultimate Warrantholder and Attribution Parties (prior to this exercise of the Warrant): ____________________
Shares of Common Stock.

The undersigned requests that
the shares of common stock purchased hereby be in registered form in the authorized denominations, registered in such names and delivered,
all as specified in accordance with the instructions set forth below, provided that if the shares of common stock are evidenced by global
securities, the shares of common stock shall be registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee.

3NOTE TO
WARRANTHOLDER: CHOOSING ANY METHOD OF EXERCISE OTHER THAN A CASHLESS EXERCISE MAY AFFECT THE TRADABILITY OF THE WARRANT SHARES.
PLEASE CONSULT YOUR ADVISOR IF YOU DO NOT INTEND TO CHECK THIS BOX. [To be added to Warrants issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act.]

Dated: __________________________

NOTE: THE WARRANT AGENT SHALL NOTIFY YOU (THROUGH
THE CLEARING SYSTEM) OF (1) THE WARRANT AGENTS ACCOUNT AT THE DEPOSITARY TO WHICH YOU MUST DELIVER YOUR WARRANTS ON THE EXERCISE
DATE AND (2) THE ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER AND FACSIMILE NUMBER WHERE YOU CAN CONTACT THE WARRANT AGENT AND TO WHICH WARRANT EXERCISE NOTICES
ARE TO BE SUBMITTED.

NAME OF DIRECT PARTICIPANT IN THE DEPOSITARY: 

(PLEASE PRINT) 

ADDRESS 

CONTACT NAME: 

ADDRESS: 

TELEPHONE (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL CODE): 

FAX (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL CODE): 

SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (IF APPLICABLE): 

ACCOUNT FROM WHICH WARRANTS ARE BEING DELIVERED: 

DEPOSITARY ACCOUNT NO.: ____________________ 

WARRANT EXERCISE NOTICES WILL ONLY BE VALID IF
DELIVERED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INSTRUCTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS NOTIFICATION (OR AS OTHERWISE DIRECTED), MARKED TO THE ATTENTION OF WARRANT
EXERCISE. WARRANTHOLDER DELIVERING WARRANTS, IF OTHER THAN THE DIRECT DTC PARTICIPANT DELIVERING THIS WARRANT EXERCISE NOTICE:

NAME:

(PLEASE PRINT)

CONTACT NAME: 

TELEPHONE (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL CODE): 

FAX (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL CODE): 

SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (IF APPLICABLE): 

ACCOUNT TO WHICH THE SHARES OF

COMMON STOCK ARE TO BE CREDITED: 

DEPOSITARY ACCOUNT NO.: ____________________ 

FILL IN FOR DELIVERY OF THE COMMON STOCK, IF OTHER THAN TO THE PERSON
DELIVERING THIS WARRANT EXERCISE NOTICE:

NAME:

(PLEASE PRINT)

ADDRESS 

CONTACT NAME: 

TELEPHONE (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL

CODE): 

FAX (INCLUDING INTERNATIONAL CODE): 

SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER TAXPAYER

IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (IF APPLICABLE): ____________________ 

NUMBER OF WARRANTS BEING EXERCISED 

(ONLY ONE EXERCISE PER WARRANT EXERCISE

NOTICE)

Signature: 

Name: 

Capacity in which Signing: 

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED WARRANTHOLDER
IF

SUCH WARRANTHOLDER DESIRES TO TRANSFER A WARRANT)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby sells,
assigns and transfers unto

Name of Assignee 

Address of Assignee 

______ Warrants to purchase Warrant Shares held
by the undersigned, together with all right, title and interest therein, and does irrevocably constitute and appoint _________________
attorney, to transfer such Warrants on the books of the Warrant Agent, with full power of substitution.

Dated 

Signature 

Social Security or Other Taxpayer Identification Number of Assignee 

EXHIBIT D4

CERTIFICATE TO BE DELIVERED UPON EXCHANGE OR

REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS OF TRANSFER RESTRICTED WARRANTS

This certificate relates to _________ Warrants.

The undersigned has requested the Warrant Agent
by written order to exchange or register the transfer of a Warrant or Warrants.

In connection with any transfer of any of the
Warrants evidenced by this certificate prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, the undersigned confirms that such Warrants are
being transferred in accordance with its terms:

CHECK ONE BOX BELOW

(1) to the Company or subsidiary thereof; or 

(2) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act); or

(3) to a Person that the undersigned reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A)) that purchases for its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer and to whom notice is given that such transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, in each case pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A; or

(4) pursuant to offers and sales to non-U.S. persons that occur outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act; or

(5) to an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12), or (13) under the Securities Act) that has furnished to the Warrant Agent a signed letter in the form of Exhibit E to the Tranche 2 Warrant Agreement containing certain representations and agreements;or

(6) pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act; or

(7) pursuant to another available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

Unless one of the boxes is
checked, the Warrant Agent will refuse to register any of the Warrants evidenced by this certificate in the name of any Person other
than the registered Holder thereof; provided, however, that if box (5), (6) or (7) is checked, the Company or the
Warrant Agent may require, prior to registering any such transfer of the Warrants, such

4 Include only for
Global Warrants and Definitive Warrants, other than Unrestricted Transfer Warrants.

legal opinions, certifications and other
information as the Company or the Warrant Agent has reasonably requested to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, provided, further, however, that if box
(5) is checked, any such legal opinion will only be required if such transfer is in respect of Warrants valued at the time of such transfer
at less than $250,000 (as measured by reference to the Fair Market Value of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Warrants, assuming
solely for purposes of this calculation that such Warrants were exercised at the time of such transfer).

Your Signature

Date: 

Signature of Signature

Guarantor

EXHIBIT E5

FORM OF

TRANSFEREE LETTER OF REPRESENTATION

Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.

1731 Radiant Drive

Dania Beach, FL 33004

Attn: Thomas Canfield

Email: thomas.canfield@Spirit.com

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This certificate is delivered
to request a transfer of [______] Warrants of Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc. (the Company).

Upon transfer, the Warrants
would be registered in the name of the new beneficial owner as follows:

Name:________________________

Address:______________________

Taxpayer ID Number:____ ________

The undersigned represents and warrants to you
that:

1. We are an institutional
accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9), (12), or (13) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act)), purchasing for our own account or for the account of such an institutional accredited
investor, and we are acquiring the Warrants, for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for offer or sale in connection
with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act. We have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as
to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of our investment in the Warrants, and we invest in or purchase securities similar to
the Warrants in the normal course of our business. We, and any accounts for which we are acting, are each able to bear the economic risk
of our or its investment.

2. We understand that the
Warrants have not been registered under the Securities Act and, unless so registered, may not be sold except as permitted in the following
sentence. We agree on our own behalf and on behalf of any investor account for which we are purchasing Warrants to offer, sell or otherwise
transfer such Warrants prior to the date that is one year after the later of the date of original issue and the last date on which the
Company or any affiliate of the Company was the owner of such Warrants (or any predecessor thereto) (the Resale Restriction
Termination Date) only in accordance with the Restricted Warrants Legend (as such term is defined in the warrant agreement
under which the Warrants were issued) on the Warrants and any applicable

5 Include only for
Global Warrants and Book-Entry Warrants, other than Unrestricted Global Warrants.

securities laws of any state of the United States.
The foregoing restrictions on resale will not apply subsequent to the Resale Restriction Termination Date. If any resale or other transfer
of the Warrants is proposed to be made prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, the transferor shall deliver (a) a letter from
the transferee substantially in the form of this letter to the Company and the Warrant Agent, which shall provide, among other things,
that the transferee is an institutional accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8),
(9), (12), or (13) under the Securities Act and that it is acquiring such Warrants for investment purposes and not for distribution in
violation of the Securities Act and (b) if such transfer is in respect of Warrants valued at the time of transfer at less than $250,000
(as measured by reference to the Fair Market Value of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Warrants, assuming solely for purposes
of this calculation that such Warrants were exercised at the time of such transfer), an opinion of counsel in form reasonably acceptable
to the Company and the Warrant Agent to the effect that such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act. Each purchaser acknowledges
that the Company and the Warrant Agent reserve the right prior to the offer, sale or other transfer prior to the Resale Restriction Termination
Date of the Warrants with respect to applicable transfers described in the Restricted Warrants Legend to require the delivery of an opinion
of counsel, certifications and/or other information satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent.

TRANSFEREE: 

by:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dp226079_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT

dated as of March 12, 2025

among

SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC.,

as Borrower,

THE SUBSIDIARIES OF THE PARENT HOLDCO PARTY HERETO,

as Guarantors,

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO,

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

and

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Collateral Agent

Table of Contents

Page

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS 2

Section 1.01. Defined Terms 2

Section 1.02. Terms Generally 48

Section 1.03. Accounting Terms; GAAP 49

Section 1.04. Divisions 49

Section 1.05. Rates 49

SECTION 2. AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT 50

Section 2.01. Commitments of the Lenders 50

Section 2.02. Letters of Credit 51

Section 2.03. Requests for Loans 55

Section 2.04. Funding of Loans 56

Section 2.05. Interest Elections 57

Section 2.06. Limitation on SOFR Tranches 58

Section 2.07. Interest on Loans 58

Section 2.08. Default Interest 58

Section 2.09. Automatic Reduction of Commitments 59

Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 59

Section 2.11. Optional Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments 60

Section 2.12. Mandatory Prepayment of Loans; Commitment Termination; Change of Control Offer 60

Section 2.13. Optional Prepayment of Loans 65

Section 2.14. Increased Costs 66

Section 2.15. Break Funding Payments 68

Section 2.16. Taxes 68

Section 2.17. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment 71

Section 2.18. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 72

Section 2.19. Certain Fees 73

Section 2.20. Commitment Fee and Other Fee 73

Section 2.21. Letter of Credit Fees 73

Section 2.22. Nature of Fees 74

Section 2.23. Right of Set-Off 74

Section 2.24. Security Interest in Letter of Credit Account 74

Section 2.25. Payment of Obligations 74

Section 2.26. Defaulting Lenders 75

Section 2.27. Increase in Commitment 77

Section 2.28. Extension of the Revolving Facility 78

Section 2.29. Illegality 81

Section 2.30. Benchmark Replacement Setting 81

Section 2.31. Inability to Determine Rates 83

SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND REAFFIRMATION 83

Section 3.01. Organization and Authority 83

Section 3.02. Air Carrier Status 84

i

Section 3.03. Due Execution 84

Section 3.04. Statements Made 84

Section 3.05. Financial Statements; Material Adverse Change 85

Section 3.06. Ownership of Subsidiaries 85

Section 3.07. Liens 85

Section 3.08. Use of Proceeds 85

Section 3.09. Litigation and Compliance with Laws 86

Section 3.10. FAA Slot Utilization 86

Section 3.11. Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 86

Section 3.12. Ownership of Collateral 87

Section 3.13. Perfected Security Interests 87

Section 3.14. Payment of Taxes 87

Section 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 87

Section 3.16. Exit Notes Documents 88

Section 3.17. Reaffirmation 88

SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 88

Section 4.01. Conditions Precedent to Closing Date 88

Section 4.02. Conditions Precedent to Each Loan and Each Letter of Credit 91

SECTION 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 93

Section 5.01. Financial Statements, Reports, etc. 93

Section 5.02. Taxes 95

Section 5.03. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 95

Section 5.04. Corporate Existence 95

Section 5.05. Compliance with Laws 96

Section 5.06. Core Collateral 96

Section 5.07. Delivery of Appraisals 96

Section 5.08. Regulatory Cooperation 97

Section 5.09. Regulatory Matters; Citizenship; Utilization; Collateral Requirements 97

Section 5.10. Collateral Ownership 98

Section 5.11. Insurance 99

Section 5.12. Real Property Assets 99

Section 5.13. Additional Guarantors; Grantors; Collateral 101

Section 5.14. Access to Books and Records 103

Section 5.15. Further Assurances 103

SECTION 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 103

Section 6.01. [Reserved] 104

Section 6.02. [Reserved] 104

Section 6.03. [Reserved] 104

Section 6.04. Disposition of Collateral 104

Section 6.05. [Reserved] 104

Section 6.06. Liens 104

Section 6.07. Business Activities 104

Section 6.08. Liquidity 104

Section 6.09. Collateral Coverage Ratio 105

ii

Section 6.10. Merger, Consolidation, or Sale of Assets 106

Section 6.11. Use of Proceeds 107

SECTION 7. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 107

Section 7.01. Events of Default 107

SECTION 8. THE AGENTS 111

Section 8.01. Administration by Agents 111

Section 8.02. Rights of Agent 111

Section 8.03. Liability of Agents 112

Section 8.04. Reimbursement and Indemnification 113

Section 8.05. Successor Agents 113

Section 8.06. Independent Lenders 113

Section 8.07. Advances and Payments 114

Section 8.08. Sharing of Setoffs 114

Section 8.09. Withholding Taxes 115

Section 8.10. Appointment by Secured Parties 115

Section 8.11. Erroneous Payments 115

SECTION 9. GUARANTY 119

Section 9.01. Guaranty 119

Section 9.02. No Impairment of Guaranty 120

Section 9.03. Continuation and Reinstatement, etc. 120

Section 9.04. Subrogation 120

Section 9.05. Discharge of Guaranty 121

SECTION 10. MISCELLANEOUS 121

Section 10.01. Notices 121

Section 10.02. Successors and Assigns 122

Section 10.03. Confidentiality 126

Section 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 127

Section 10.05. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 130

Section 10.06. No Waiver 130

Section 10.07. Extension of Maturity 130

Section 10.08. Amendments, etc. 131

Section 10.09. Severability 133

Section 10.10. Headings 133

Section 10.11. Survival 133

Section 10.12. Execution in Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 133

Section 10.13. USA Patriot Act 134

Section 10.14. New Value 134

Section 10.15. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 134

Section 10.16. No Fiduciary Duty 134

Section 10.17. Intercreditor Agreements 135

Section 10.18. Registrations with International Registry 135

Section 10.19. Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 135

iii

Section 10.20. Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs 136

Section 10.21. Interest Rate Limitation 136

Section 10.22. Certain ERISA Matters 137

Section 10.23. Amendment and Restatement 138

iv

INDEX OF APPENDICES

ANNEX A Commitment Amounts

ANNEX B List of Aircraft and Engine Appraisers

EXHIBIT A Form of Instrument of Assumption and Joinder

EXHIBIT B Form of Assignment and Acceptance

EXHIBIT C Form of Loan Request

EXHIBIT D Form of Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement

EXHIBIT E Form of Notes Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement

SCHEDULE 3.06 Subsidiaries

v

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT
AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT, dated as of March 12, 2025 (this Agreement) among SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC., a Delaware corporation
(the Borrower), the direct and indirect Domestic Subsidiaries of the Parent Holdco and the other Guarantors
from time to time party hereto, each of the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party hereto
(the Lenders), CITIBANK, N.A. (Citibank), as administrative agent for the Lenders (together
with its permitted successors in such capacity, the Administrative Agent), and WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent).

INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT

The Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent and the Lenders party thereto are party to that certain Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020 (as amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement).

The parties hereto desire to amend and restate the
Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide
the Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined below) and extend the Revolving Loans and issue Letters of Credit (each as defined below)
thereunder (the Revolving Credit Commitments, together with the Revolving Loans made and Letters of Credit issued thereunder, the Revolving
Facility) from time to time after the Closing Date, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement.

The Lenders are willing to provide the Revolving
Facility on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

To provide guarantees and security
for the repayment of the Revolving Loans, the reimbursement of any draft drawn under a Letter of Credit and the payment of the other obligations
of the Borrower and the Guarantors hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Borrower and the Guarantors will, among other things,
provide (or have provided) to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders the following (each as more fully described
herein):

(a)a guaranty from each Guarantor of the due and punctual payment and performance of the Obligations of the Borrower pursuant to Section
9 hereof; and

(b)a security interest in or mortgages (or comparable Liens) with respect to the Collateral from the Borrower and each other Guarantor
(if any) pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

Accordingly, the parties hereto
hereby agree as follows:

SECTION 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01.Defined Terms.

ABR,
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is bearing interest
at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate.

ABR Term SOFR Determination
Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Account
shall mean all accounts as defined in the UCC, and all rights to payment for interest (other than with respect to debt and
credit card receivables).

Account Control
Agreements shall mean each three-party security and control agreement entered into by any Grantor, the Collateral Agent and
a financial institution which maintains one or more deposit accounts or securities accounts that have been pledged to the Collateral Agent
as Collateral hereunder or under any other Loan Document, in each case giving the Collateral Agent exclusive control over the applicable
account and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and as the same may be
amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time.

Account Debtor
shall mean the Person obligated on an Account.

Additional Collateral
shall mean (a) cash that is denominated in Dollars and Cash Equivalents pledged to the Collateral Agent (and subject to an Account Control
Agreement), (b) any Eligible Aircraft, Eligible Engines and Eligible Spare Parts of the Borrower or any Grantor, (c) Slots of the Borrower
at any Eligible Airport (which shall include any Gate Leaseholds necessary for servicing the scheduled air carrier service utilizing such
Slots); (d) Flight Simulators and Ground Support Equipment; and (e) Real Property Assets, and all of which assets shall (i) (other than
Additional Collateral of the type described in clause (a) above and new spare Engines subject to proviso (iii) in the first sentence of
Section 5.07) be valued by a new Appraisal at the time the Borrower designates such assets as Additional Collateral and (ii) as of any
date of addition of such assets as Additional Collateral, be subject, to the extent purported to be created by the applicable Collateral
Document, to a perfected first priority Lien and/or mortgage (or comparable Lien), in favor of the Collateral Agent and otherwise subject
only to Permitted Liens (excluding those referred to in clauses (f) and (l) of the definition of Permitted Liens and, until
the time such assets actually become subject to such Lien on such date, clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens).

Adjusted Term SOFR
means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment;
provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed
to be the Floor.

2

Administrative Agent
shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

Administrative Agent
Fee Letter shall mean the Administrative Agent Fee Letter dated January 14, 2025 between the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent.

Administrator
shall have the meaning given it in the Regulations and Procedures for the International Registry.

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate
shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person which, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, a Person (a Controlled Person) shall be deemed to be controlled
by another Person (a Controlling Person) if the Controlling Person possesses, directly or indirectly, power
to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Controlled Person whether by contract or otherwise.

Agreement
shall mean this Credit and Guaranty Agreement, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated
from time to time.

Agent
shall mean the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable.

Aggregate Exposure
shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the amount of such Lenders Revolving Commitment then in
effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the amount of such Lenders Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding.

Aggregate Exposure
Percentage shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Lenders
Aggregate Exposure at such time to the Aggregate Exposure of all Lenders at such time.

Aircraft
means any contrivance invented, used, or designed to navigate, or fly in, the air.

Aircraft and Spare
Engine Mortgage means the Mortgage and Security Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2020, entered into by the Borrower and the
Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time.

Aircraft Appraiser
shall mean (i) MBA, (ii) ASG, (iii) for any Appraisal of the Aircraft and Engines other than the applicable Initial Appraisal, any other
appraisal firm listed on Annex B hereto or (iv) any other independent appraisal firm appointed by the Borrower and reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent.

Aircraft Protocol
means the official English language text of the Protocol to the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on Matters Specific
to Aircraft

3

Equipment adopted on November
16, 2001, at a diplomatic conference in Cape Town, South Africa, and all amendments, supplements and revisions thereto, as in effect in
the United States.

Airline
shall mean an airline, a commercial air carrier, an air freight forwarder, an entity engaged in the business of parcel transport by air
or other similar Person engaged in the business of operating aircraft in revenue service or a corporation or other entity controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with such an airline, a commercial air carrier, an air freight forwarder, an entity engaged in
the business of parcel transport by air or other similar Person engaged in the business of operating aircraft in revenue service.

Airline Merger
shall mean (i) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a
series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of either Parent Holdco or the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries to an Airline or an Affiliate of an Airline, (ii) an acquisition by either Parent Holdco or Borrower and its Subsidiaries
of another Airline or an Affiliate of an Airline, or (iii) the consolidation or merger of Parent Holdco or Borrower and its Subsidiaries
with or into another Airline or an Affiliate of an Airline (whether
or not Parent Holdco, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, as applicable, is the surviving corporation).

Airport Authority
shall mean any city or any public or private board or other body or organization chartered or otherwise established for the purpose of
administering, operating or managing airports or related facilities, which in each case is an owner, administrator, operator or manager
of one or more airports or related facilities.

Alternate Base Rate
shall mean, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the sum of the Federal
Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus of 1% and (c) the sum of the Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor
in effect on such day plus 1%. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective
Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal
Funds Effective Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively.

Anti-Corruption
Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of the United States applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to
time intended to prevent or restrict bribery or corruption.

Appliance
shall mean any instrument, equipment, apparatus, part, appurtenance, or accessory used, capable of being used, or intended to be used,
in operating or controlling Aircraft in flight, including a parachute, communication equipment, and another mechanism installed in or
attached to Aircraft during flight, and not a part of an Aircraft, Engine, or Propeller.

Applicable Margin
shall mean (a) for ABR Loans, 2.25% and (b) for SOFR Loans, 3.25%.

Appraisal
means (i) each Initial Appraisal and (ii) any other appraisal, dated the date of delivery thereof, prepared by (A) in the case of
Aircraft or Engines, any Aircraft Appraiser, (B) in the case of Slots, MBA or another independent appraisal firm appointed by the Borrower
and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (C) in the case of Spare Parts or Flight

4

Simulators, MBA or another independent
appraisal firm appointed by the Borrower and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or, (D) in the case of any other
type of Revolving Priority Collateral, an independent appraisal firm appointed by the Borrower and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, in each case which certifies, at the time of determination, in reasonable detail the Appraised Value of Revolving Priority Collateral
and (x) in the case of Aircraft or Engines, the Maintenance Adjusted CMV, except that any such equipment that is Stored shall have
an assumed value of zero, (y) in the case of FAA Slots or Gate Leaseholds, whose methodology and form of presentation are consistent
in all material respects with the methodology and form of presentation of the Initial Appraisal applicable to such type of Revolving Priority
Collateral (or with such other methodology and form of presentation that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and (z) in
the case of any Revolving Priority Collateral, which is addressed to the Administrative Agent and otherwise in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Appraised Value
shall mean, as of any date of determination, with respect to any Revolving Priority Collateral (other than cash and Cash Equivalents pledged
as Revolving Priority Collateral), the aggregate fair market value of such Revolving Priority Collateral as reflected in the most recent
Appraisal delivered to the Administrative Agent in respect of such Revolving Priority Collateral in accordance with this Agreement as
of that date (for the avoidance of doubt, except in the case of Pledged Spare Parts, calculated after giving effect to any additions to
or eliminations from the Revolving Priority Collateral since the date of delivery of such Appraisal), provided that:

(i) in the
case of any Appraisal of Aircraft or Engines, (x) such Appraisal shall, at the Borrowers expense, be prepared by two Aircraft
Appraisers and (y) the Appraised Value of the applicable Aircraft or Engines shall be the average of the two Appraisals;

(ii) if any
Pledged Slots at an airport have been added to or eliminated from the Revolving Priority Collateral since the most recent Appraisal of
the Pledged Slots at such airport and such Appraisal assigned differing Appraised Values to Pledged Slots at such airport based on criteria
set forth therein, such added or eliminated Pledged Slots at such airport shall be assigned an Appraised Value in accordance with such
criteria set forth in such Appraisal for purposes of determining the Appraised Value of all remaining Pledged Slots;

(iii) if any new
spare Engine added to the Revolving Priority Collateral within 90 days after delivery from the manufacturer to Borrower is an Existing
Engine Type, the initial Appraised Value for such new spare Engine shall be the higher of (x) the highest Appraised Value for any pledged
spare Engines then included in the Revolving Priority Collateral of such Existing Engine Type, determined using the most recent Appraisals
delivered to the Administrative Agent in respect of the applicable pledged spare Engine, or (y) if the Borrower elects to provide new
Appraisals with respect to any new spare Engine being added to the Revolving Priority Collateral, the Appraised Value given to such new
spare Engine in such initial Appraisal, in each case at the Borrowers election; and

(iv) if,
in connection with the making of any Loan or issuance of any Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall not have received Appraisals
of the Pledged

5

Engines in accordance
with Section 5.07 dated no earlier than ninety (90) days prior to the relevant date of making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter
of Credit, the Appraised Value of the Pledged Engines shall be deemed to be zero until such time as such Appraisals of the
Pledged Engines are delivered in accordance with Section 5.07.

Approved Fund
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.02(b).

ARB Indebtedness
shall mean, with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, without duplication, all Indebtedness or obligations of the Borrower
or such Subsidiary created or arising with respect to any limited recourse revenue bonds issued for the purpose of financing or refinancing
improvements to, or the construction or acquisition of, airport and other related facilities and equipment, the use or construction of
which qualifies and renders interest on such bonds exempt from certain federal or state taxes.

Article 55 BRRD
shall mean Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment
firms.

ASG shall
mean Aviation Specialists Group Inc.

Ascend
shall mean Ascend FG Advisory.

Assignment and Acceptance
shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required
by Section 10.02), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit B.

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark
is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period
pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component
thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark
pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark
that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.30(d).

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of the European Union, the implementing law , regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which
is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act
2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution
of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration
or other insolvency proceedings).

6

Banking Product
Obligations means, as applied to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect
of any treasury, depository and cash management services, netting services and automated clearing house transfers of funds services, including
obligations for the payment of fees, interest, charges, expenses, attorneys fees and disbursements in connection therewith.

Bankruptcy Code
shall mean The Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as heretofore and hereafter amended, and codified as 11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.

Bankruptcy Event
shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver,
conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization
or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action
in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided
that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in
such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided, further, that such ownership interest does
not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of
judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate,
disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.

Bankruptcy Law
means the Bankruptcy Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

Benchmark
means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR
Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that
such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.30(a).

Benchmark Replacement
means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism
for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining
a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b)
the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than
the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero)
that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower

7

giving due consideration to (a) any selection
or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing
market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark Replacement
Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a)In the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof); or

(b)In the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available
Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness
will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt,
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark
upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition
Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a)A public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(b)a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with
jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of

8

such Benchmark
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue
to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(c)a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not,
or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt,
a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication
of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition
Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date
and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th
day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such
prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication).

Benchmark Unavailability
Period means the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time,
no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance
with Section 2.30 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder
and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.30.

Beneficial Owner
has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that in calculating the beneficial ownership
of any particular person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), such person will
be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire by conversion or exercise
of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only after the passage of time. The terms Beneficially
Owns and Beneficially Owned have a corresponding meaning.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan
means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan
as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise
for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

9

BHC Act Affiliate
of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of
such party.

Board
shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Board of Directors
means:

(a) with respect to a corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf
of such board;

(b) with respect to a partnership, the Board of Directors of the general partner of the partnership;

(c) with respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members, manager or managers or any controlling committee of managing
members or managers thereof; and

(d) with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function.

Borrower
shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

Borrowing
shall mean the incurrence, conversion or continuation of Loans of a single Type made from all the Revolving Lenders on a single date and
having, in the case of SOFR Loans, a single Interest Period.

Borrowing Base
shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of:

(a)62.5% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Slots and Pledged Gate Leaseholds, plus

(b)60.0% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Flight Simulators included in the Revolving Priority Collateral
at such time, plus

(c)70.0% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Engines, plus

(d)60.0% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Aircraft that are Type I Aircraft, plus

(e)60.0% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Aircraft that are Type II Aircraft, plus

(f)67.5% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Aircraft that are Type III Aircraft, plus

(g)75.0% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Aircraft that are Type IV Aircraft, plus

10

(h)70.0% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Spare Parts, plus

(i)60.0% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Real Property Assets, plus

(j)25.0% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Ground Support Equipment, plus

(k)the sum of (i) 100% of the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents of the type described in clause (1) of the definition thereof pledged
at such time as Revolving Priority Collateral and (ii) 62.5% of the amount of Cash Equivalents of
the type described in clauses (2) through (11) of the definition thereof pledged at such time as Revolving Priority Collateral
(excluding any cash used to Cash Collateralize LC Exposure pursuant to Section 2.02(j));

determined (i) in the case of
clauses (a)-(j) above, using the most recent Appraisal delivered to the Administrative Agent in respect of the applicable Revolving Priority
Collateral and (ii) in each case, excluding the Appraised Value of any Revolving Priority Collateral that is not Eligible Collateral;
provided that, for purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base as of any date of determination, (1) the aggregate Appraised Value
of the Pledged Slots included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 50.0% of the total Borrowing Base on such date, (2)
the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Flight Simulators included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 15.0% of
the total Borrowing Base on such date, (3) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Real Property Assets included in the Borrowing
Base on such date shall be capped at 15.0% of the total Borrowing Base on such date, (4) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged
Aircraft that are Type I Aircraft included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 50.0% of the total Borrowing Base on
such date, (5) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Spare Parts included in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at
65.0% of the total Borrowing Base on such date, and (6) the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Ground Support Equipment included
in the Borrowing Base on such date shall be capped at 10.0% of the total Borrowing Base on such date.

Brand Issuer has the meaning
specified in the definition of Exit Notes.

Business Day
shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City, or Wilmington, Delaware are
required or authorized to remain closed (and, for a Letter of Credit, other than a day on which the Issuing Lender issuing such Letter
of Credit is closed); provided, however, that when used in connection with the borrowing or repayment of a SOFR Loan, the
term Business Day shall mean any U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

Cape Town Convention
shall mean the official English language text of the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment, adopted on November 16,
2001 at a diplomatic conference in Cape Town, South Africa, and all amendments, supplements and revisions thereto, as in effect in the
United States.

Cape Town Treaty
shall mean, collectively, (a) the Cape Town Convention, (b) the Aircraft Protocol, and (c) all rules and regulations (including but
not limited to the Regulations and Procedures for the International Registry) adopted pursuant thereto and all amendments, supplements
and revisions thereto.

11

Capital Lease Obligation
means, at the time any determination is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at that time
be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, and the Stated Maturity
thereof shall be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under such lease prior to the first date upon which such
lease may be prepaid by the lessee without payment of a penalty.

Capital Markets
Offering means any offering of securities (as defined under the Securities Act) in (a) a public offering registered
under the Securities Act, or (b) an offering not required to be registered under the Securities Act (including, without limitation, a
private placement under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, an exempt offering pursuant to Rule 144A and/or Regulation S of the Securities
Act and an offering of exempt securities).

Capital Stock
means:

(1) in
the case of a corporation, corporate stock;

(2) in
the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated)
of corporate stock;

(3) in
the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership interests (whether general or limited) or membership interests; and

(4) any
other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of
assets of, the issuing Person,

but excluding from
all of the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital Stock, whether or not such debt securities include any right of participation
with Capital Stock.

"CARES Act "
means (i) the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (Pub. L. 116-136) and any administrative or other guidance published
with respect thereto by any Governmental or Regulatory Authority (including IRS Notices 2020-22 and 2020-65) and (ii) any extension of,
amendment, supplement, correction, revision or similar treatment to any provision of the CARES Act contained in the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2021, H.R. 133 or any other legal requirement or executive order or executive memoranda.

Cash Collateralization
or Cash Collateralized shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.02(j).

12

Cash Equivalents
means:

(1) direct
obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States (or by any
agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States), in each case maturing within
one year from the date of acquisition thereof;

(2) direct
obligations of state and local government entities, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof, which
have a rating of at least A- (or the equivalent thereof) from S&P or A3 (or the equivalent thereof) from Moodys;

(3) obligations
of domestic or foreign companies and their subsidiaries (including, without limitation, agencies, sponsored enterprises or instrumentalities
chartered by an Act of Congress, which are not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States), including, without limitation,
bills, notes, bonds, debentures, and mortgage-backed securities, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof;

(4) Investments
in commercial paper maturing within 365 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a rating of
at least A-2 (or the equivalent thereof) from S&P or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof) from Moodys;

(5) Investments
in certificates of deposit (including Investments made through an intermediary, such as the certificated deposit account registry service),
bankers acceptances, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits and overnight bank deposits maturing within one year from the date
of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office
of any other commercial bank of recognized standing organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof that has a combined
capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $250.0 million;

(6) fully
collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than six months for underlying securities that would otherwise be eligible
for investment;

(7) Investments
in money in an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or in pooled accounts or funds offered
through mutual funds, investment advisors, banks and brokerage houses which invest its assets in obligations of the type described in
clauses (1) through (6) above. This could include, but not be limited to, money market funds or short-term and intermediate bonds funds;

(8) money
market funds that (A) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (B) are
rated AAA (or the equivalent thereof) by S&P and Aaa (or the equivalent thereof) by Moodys and (C) have portfolio assets of
at least $5.0 billion;

13

(9) deposits
available for withdrawal on demand with commercial banks organized in the United States having capital and surplus in excess of $100.0
million;

(10) securities
with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of
the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government,
the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may
be) are rated at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moodys; and

(11) any
other securities or pools of securities that are classified under GAAP as cash equivalents or short-term investments on a balance sheet.

Change in Law
shall mean, after the Closing Date, (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the Closing Date (including any request, rule,
regulation, guideline, requirement or directive promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel
III) or (b) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.14(b), by any lending office of such Lender or Issuing
Lender through which Loans and/or Letters of Credit are issued or maintained or by such Lenders or Issuing Lenders holding
company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made
or issued after the Closing Date.

Change of Control
means the occurrence of any of the following:

(1) the
sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions,
of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of either, as applicable, Parent Holdco or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole to any Person (including any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act)); or

(2) the
consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation), the result of which is that any Person (including
any person (as defined above)) becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Stock
of either Parent Holdco or the Borrower (measured by voting power rather than number of shares);

Change of Control
Offer shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.12(g).

14

Chapter 11 Plan
shall mean the Borrowers Joint Plan of Reorganization of Spirit Airlines, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates (as may be subsequently
amended, modified, and/or supplemented from time to time), which was filed with the Bankruptcy Court on January 15, 2025 [Docket No. 270]
and confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on February 20, 2025 [Docket No. 500].

Citibank
has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

Closing Date
shall mean the date of this Agreement.

Code
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

Co-Issuers has the meaning
specified in the definition of Exit Notes.

Collateral
means (i) the assets and properties of the Grantors upon which Liens have been granted to the Collateral Agent to secure the Obligations,
including without limitation any Additional Collateral and all of the Collateral as defined in the Collateral Documents,
but excluding all such assets and properties released from such Liens pursuant to the applicable Collateral Document, and (ii) each of
the Letter of Credit Account and the Collateral Proceeds Account, together with all amounts on deposit therein and all proceeds thereof.

Collateral Agent
shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

Collateral Coverage
Ratio shall mean, as of any date, the ratio of (i) the Borrowing Base of the Eligible Collateral as of such date to (ii) the
sum, without duplication, of (x) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding (other than LC Exposure that has been Cash
Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.02(j)), plus (y) the aggregate amount of all Designated Hedging Obligations that constitute
Obligations then outstanding (such sum, the Total Obligations).

Collateral Coverage
Ratio Failure shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.09(a).

Collateral Documents
shall mean, collectively, the Slot and Gate Security Agreement, the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage, the Spare Parts Security Agreement,
the Exit Notes Security Agreement, the Exit Notes Trademark Security Agreement, the Exit Notes Aircraft and Engine Mortgage, the Real
Property Mortgage (if executed and delivered by the Borrower hereunder), the Account Control Agreements (if executed and delivered by
the Borrower hereunder) and other agreements, instruments or documents that create or purport to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in each case so long as such agreement, instrument or document shall not have been terminated
in accordance with its terms.

Collateral Material
Adverse Effect shall mean a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral, taken as a whole.

15

Collateral Proceeds
Account shall mean a segregated account or accounts held by or under the control of the Collateral Agent into which the Net
Proceeds of any Collateral Sale or Recovery Event may be deposited in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

Collateral Sale
shall mean any sale of Revolving Priority Collateral or series of related sales of Revolving Priority Collateral having an Appraised Value
in excess of $25,000,000.

Commitment
shall mean, as to any Revolving Lender or Issuing Lender at any time, the Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender or Issuing Lender,
as the case may be, at such time.

Commitment Fee
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.20.

Commitment Fee Rate
shall mean 0.75% per annum.

Commitment Letter
shall mean that certain letter dated January 14, 2025 among the Borrower and the Lenders.

Commodity Exchange
Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Confirmation Order shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(l).

Conforming Changes
means, with respect to either the use or administration of Adjusted Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate
Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day,
the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest
period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment,
conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.15 and other technical,
administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption
and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially
consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other
manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents).

Core Collateral
shall include the following: (a) all of the Borrowers slots at LaGuardia Airport (other than Excluded Slots), (b) at least fourteen
(14) Eligible Engines and (c) all Eligible Spare Parts.

Core Collateral
Failure shall mean, as of any date of determination, if the Revolving Priority Collateral does not include the Core Collateral
as of such date.

16

Covered Entity
means any of the following:

(i) a
covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii) a
covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii) a
covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default
means any event that, unless cured or waived, is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default.

Default Right
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as
applicable.

Defaulting Lender
shall mean, at any time, any Revolving Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Day of the date required to be funded or paid
by it hereunder, to fund or pay (x) any portion of the Revolving Loans or (y) any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder to
the Administrative Agent or any other Lender (or its banking Affiliates), unless, in the case of clause (x) above, such Lender notifies
the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that
a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has
notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it
does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations (i) under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement
indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified
and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or (ii) generally under other
agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent,
any other Lender or the Borrower, acting in good faith, to provide a confirmation in writing from an authorized officer or other authorized
representative of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective
Loans under this Agreement, which request shall only have been made after the conditions precedent to borrowings have been met, provided
that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agents, such other Lenders
or the Borrowers, as applicable, receipt of such confirmation in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent,
(d) has become, or has had its Parent Company become, the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or Bail-In Action; provided that a Revolving
Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Revolving Lender
or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or
provide such Revolving Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments
or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Revolving Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or
disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Revolving Lender. If the Administrative Agent determines that a

17

Revolving Lender is a Defaulting
Lender under any of clauses (a) through (d) above, such Revolving Lender will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon notification of
such determination by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, and the Revolving Lenders.

Designated Banking
Product Agreement means any agreement evidencing Designated Banking Product Obligations entered into by the Borrower and any
Person that, at the time such Person entered into such agreement, was a Lender or a banking Affiliate of a Lender, in each case designated
by the relevant Lender and the Borrower, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, as a Designated Banking Product Agreement;
provided that, so long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Revolving Lender shall not have any rights hereunder
with respect to any Designated Banking Product Agreement entered into while such Revolving Lender was a Defaulting Lender.

Designated Banking
Product Obligations means any Banking Product Obligations, in each case as designated by any Lender (or a banking Affiliate
thereof) and the Borrower from time to time and agreed to by the Administrative Agent as constituting Designated Banking Product
Obligations, which notice shall include (i) a copy of an agreement providing an agreed-upon maximum amount of Designated Banking
Product Obligations that can be included as Obligations, and (ii) the acknowledgment of such Lender (or such banking Affiliate) that its
security interest in the Collateral securing such Designated Banking Product Obligations shall be subject to the Loan Documents.

Designated Hedging
Agreement means any Hedging Agreement entered into by the Borrower and any Person that, at the time such Person entered into
such Hedging Agreement, was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, as designated by the relevant Lender (or Affiliate of a Lender) and
the Borrower, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, as a Designated Hedging Agreement, which notice shall include
a copy of an agreement providing for (i) a methodology agreed to by the Borrower, such Lender or Affiliate of a Lender and the Administrative
Agent for reporting the outstanding amount of Designated Hedging Obligations under such Designated Hedging Agreement from time to time,
(ii) an agreed-upon maximum amount of Designated Hedging Obligations under such Designated Hedging Agreement that can be included as Obligations,
and (iii) the acknowledgment of such Lender or Affiliate of a Lender that its security interest in the Collateral securing such Designated
Hedging Obligations shall be subject to the Loan Documents; provided that, after giving effect to such designation, the aggregate
agreed-upon maximum amount of all Designated Hedging Obligations included as Obligations shall not exceed 10% of the original
Total Revolving Commitment in effect on the Closing Date in the aggregate; provided, further, that so long as any Revolving Lender
is a Defaulting Lender, such Revolving Lender shall not have any rights hereunder with respect to any Designated Hedging Agreement entered
into while such Revolving Lender was a Defaulting Lender.

Designated Hedging
Obligations means, as applied to any Person, all Hedging Obligations of such Person under Designated Hedging Agreements after
taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting arrangements included in such Designated Hedging Agreements; it being
understood and agreed that, on any date of determination, the amount of such Hedging Obligations under any Designated Hedging Agreement
shall be determined based upon the settlement amount (or similar term) as defined under such Designated Hedging

18

Agreement or, with respect to
a Designated Hedging Agreement that has been terminated in accordance with its terms, the amount then due and payable (exclusive of expenses
and similar payments but including any termination payments then due and payable) under such Designated Hedging Agreement.

Disposition
shall mean, with respect to any property, any sale, lease, sale and leaseback, conveyance, transfer or other disposition thereof. The
terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative meanings.

Disqualified Stock
of any Person means any Capital Stock of such Person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible,
or for which it is exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock), or upon the happening of any event (other
than as a result of a Change of Control or other similar event or asset sale or Disposition), (i) matures or is mandatorily redeemable,
pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (other than as a result of a Change of Control or other similar event or asset sale
or Disposition), (ii) is convertible or exchangeable for Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock, or (iii) is redeemable at the option of the
holder of the Capital Stock, in whole or in part (other than as a result of a Change of Control or other similar event or asset sale or
Disposition), on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Revolving Facility Termination Date (determined as of the date of its
issuance). Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Capital Stock of the Borrower that would constitute Disqualified Stock of the Borrower
solely because the holders of the Capital Stock have the right to require the Borrower to repurchase such Capital Stock upon the occurrence
of a Change of Control or other similar event or asset sale or Disposition will not constitute Disqualified Stock if the terms of such
Capital Stock provide that the Borrower may not repurchase or redeem any such Capital Stock pursuant to such provisions on or prior to
the date that is 91 days after the Revolving Facility Termination Date (determined as of the date of its issuance).

Dollars
and $ shall mean lawful money of the United States of America.

Domestic Subsidiary
shall mean any Subsidiary of Parent Holdco that was formed under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States or the
District of Columbia or that guarantees, or pledges any property or assets to secure, any Obligations or Junior Secured Debt.

DOT shall
mean the United States Department of Transportation and any successor thereto.

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA
Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a)
of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described
in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

19

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Eligible Account
shall mean any Account owned by the Borrower or another Grantor meeting the criteria and eligibility standards which are agreed upon by
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time of the initial pledge of Accounts to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the applicable
Collateral Document.

Eligible Aircraft
shall mean Airbus model A319, A320 or A321 family aircraft (including any new engine option variants of any such aircraft), in each case
that are owned by the Borrower or any other applicable Grantor and that are eligible for the benefits of Section 1110.

Eligible Airport
means LaGuardia Airport, Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport or any other airport reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

Eligible Assignee
shall mean (a) a commercial bank having total assets in excess of $1,000,000,000, (b) a finance company, insurance company or other financial
institution or fund, in each case reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which in the ordinary course of business extends
credit of the type contemplated herein or invests therein and has total assets in excess of $200,000,000 and whose becoming an assignee
would not constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA, (c) any Lender or any Affiliate
of any Lender, provided that such Affiliate has total assets in excess of $200,000,000, (d) an Approved Fund of any Lender, provided
that such Approved Fund has total assets in excess of $200,000,000, and (e) any other financial institution reasonably satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent, provided that such financial institution has total assets in excess of $200,000,000; provided,
further, that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no (i) airline, commercial air freight carrier, air
freight forwarder or entity engaged in the business of parcel transport by air or (ii) Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i)
above (other than any Affiliate of such Person as a result of common control by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, any
Affiliate of such Person who becomes a Lender with the consent of the Borrower in accordance with Section 10.02(b), and any Affiliate
of such Person under common control with such Person which Affiliate is not actively involved in the management and/or operations of such
Person), shall constitute an Eligible Assignee; provided; further, that none of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Affiliate
of the Borrower or any Guarantor, or any natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated
by or for the primary benefit of any natural person) shall constitute an Eligible Assignee.

Eligible Collateral
shall mean, on any date of determination, all Revolving Priority Collateral on which the Collateral Agent shall, as of such date, have,
to the extent purported to be created by the applicable Collateral Document, a valid and perfected first priority Lien and/or mortgage
(or comparable Lien) and which is otherwise subject only to Permitted Liens; provided, with respect to any Revolving Priority Collateral
having an aggregate Appraised Value of 10% or more (determined on the date such Collateral was added as Revolving Priority Collateral)
of the sum of the aggregate Appraised Value of all Eligible Collateral plus Pledged Cash and Cash

20

Equivalents on which the Collateral
Agent shall have been granted a valid and perfected first priority Lien and/or mortgage (or comparable Lien) subject only to Permitted
Liens after the Closing Date in any individual transaction or series of substantially simultaneous transactions, at any time when the
Administrative Agent shall not have received Appraisals, pursuant to Section 5.07 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, with respect
to substantially all of the existing Eligible Collateral within the 180-day period preceding the date on which such Revolving Priority
Collateral is pledged (a 180-day Period), such Revolving Priority Collateral shall not, solely for purposes of satisfying
the conditions set forth in Section 6.09(c) in connection with any release of Revolving Priority Collateral requested by the Borrower
pursuant to Section 6.09(c), constitute Eligible Collateral until the earlier of (x) the date on which the Collateral Agent shall have
held such Lien and/or mortgage (or comparable Lien) for at least ninety (90) continuous days from the grant or perfection thereof prior
to its constituting Eligible Collateral or (y) the date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received Appraisals (including, for
purposes of this clause (y), all Appraisals received during such 180-Day Period), as applicable, pursuant to Section 5.07 or otherwise
pursuant to this Agreement, with respect to substantially all of the other Revolving Priority Collateral.

Eligible Engine
shall mean any Engine (including any spare Engine) suitable for installation on an Eligible Aircraft or any other Engine reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent, in each case that are owned by the Borrower or any other applicable Grantor, that are not subject to a sublease,
loan or similar arrangement, and that are eligible for the benefits of Section 1110.

Eligible Spare Parts
shall mean any Spare Parts and Appliances, in each case that are owned by the Borrower or any other applicable Grantor and that are eligible
for the benefits of Section 1110.

Engine
shall mean an engine used, or intended to be used, to propel an Aircraft, including a part, appurtenance, and accessory of such Engine,
except a Propeller.

Environmental Laws
shall mean all applicable laws (including common law), statutes, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions
or legally binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority, relating to the environment,
preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the handling, treatment, storage, disposal, Release or threatened Release of, or the
exposure of any Person (including employees) to, any Hazardous Materials.

Environmental Liability
shall mean any liability (including any liability for damages, natural resource damage, costs of environmental investigation, remediation
or monitoring or costs, fines or penalties) resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use,
handling, transportation, storage, treatment, disposal or the arrangement for disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any
Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement,
lease or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

21

Equity Interests
shall mean Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible
into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock).

ERISA
shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Erroneous Payment
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(a).

Erroneous Payment
Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(d)(i).

Erroneous Payment
Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(d)(i).

Erroneous Payment
Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(d)(i).

Erroneous Payment
Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(e).

Escrow Accounts
shall mean accounts of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, solely to the extent any such accounts hold funds set aside by the Borrower or
any Subsidiary to manage the collection and payment of amounts collected, withheld or incurred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary for
the benefit of third parties relating to: (a) federal income tax withholding and backup withholding tax, employment taxes, transportation
excise taxes and security related charges, (b) any and all state and local income tax withholding, employment taxes and related charges
and fees and similar taxes, charges and fees, including, but not limited to, state and local payroll withholding taxes, unemployment and
supplemental unemployment taxes, disability taxes, workmans or workers compensation charges and related charges and fees,
(c) state and local taxes imposed on overall gross receipts, sales and use taxes, fuel excise taxes and hotel occupancy taxes, (d) passenger
facility fees and charges collected on behalf of and owed to various administrators, institutions, authorities, agencies and entities,
(e) other similar federal, state or local taxes, charges and fees (including without limitation any amount required to be withheld or
collected under applicable law) and (f) other funds held in trust for, or otherwise pledged to or segregated for the benefit of, an identified
beneficiary; or (2) accounts, capitalized interest accounts, debt service reserve accounts, escrow accounts and other similar accounts
or funds established in connection with the ARB Indebtedness.

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in
effect from time to time.

Event of Default
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 7.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Excluded Slots
shall have the meaning set forth in the Slot and Gate Security Agreement.

22

Excluded Subsidiary
means each Subsidiary of Parent Holdco that is a captive insurance company and is prohibited from becoming a Guarantor pursuant to applicable
rules and regulations.

Excluded Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor
of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal
under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official
interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant
as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such
security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing
more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such
Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal.

Excluded Taxes
shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made
by or on account of any Obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor hereunder or under any Loan Document, (a) any Taxes based on
(or measured by) its net income, profits or capital, or any franchise taxes, imposed (i) by the United States of America or any political
subdivision thereof or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located
or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) as a result of a present or former connection
between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such recipients having executed,
delivered, enforced, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest
under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, this Agreement or any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest
in this Agreement or any Loan Document), (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar Tax imposed
by any other jurisdiction in which such recipient is or has been located, (c) in the case of a Lender, any withholding Taxes imposed on
amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law
in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment
request by the Borrower under Section 2.18) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant
to Section 2.16(a), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender
became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (d) in the case of a Lender, any withholding
Tax that is attributable to such Lenders failure to deliver the documentation described in Section 2.16(f) or 2.16(g) and (e) any
U.S. withholding Tax that is imposed by reason of FATCA.

Existing Credit Agreement
shall have the meaning given to such term in the Introductory Statement of this Agreement.

Existing Engine
Type shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.07.

23

Exit Notes shall mean the
PIK toggle senior secured notes due 2030 issued by Spirit IP Cayman Ltd., an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under
the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Brand Issuer) and Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd., an exempted company incorporated
with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (the Loyalty Issuer, and together with the Brand Issuer,
the Co-Issuers) in accordance with the Chapter 11 Plan, pursuant to the Exit Notes Indenture.

Exit Notes Indenture shall
mean that certain Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 by and among the Co-Issuers, Spirit, as a guarantor, the other guarantors party
thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral custodian.

Exit Notes Security
Agreement shall mean the security agreement dated the date hereof by the Borrower and granting a second lien in favor of the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in respect of certain Notes Priority Collateral.

Exit Notes Security
Documents shall mean the Exit Notes Aircraft and Engine Mortgage, the Exit Notes Security Agreement, the Exit Notes Trademark
Security Agreement and any other mortgage, charge, pledge or other agreement granting a Lien on the Notes Priority Collateral in favor
of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

Exit Notes Trademark
Security Agreement shall mean the trademark security agreement dated the date hereof by the Co-Issuers, as grantors, granting
a second lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in respect of certain Notes Priority Collateral.

Extended Revolving
Commitment shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(a).

Extension
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(a).

Extension Amendment
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(c).

Extension Offer
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(a).

Extension Offer
Date shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.28(a).

FAA shall
mean the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States of America and any successor thereto.

FAA Slots
shall mean, in the case of airports in the United States, at any time, the right and operational authority to conduct one Instrument Flight
Rule (as defined in Title 14) scheduled landing or take-off operation at a specific time or during a specific time period at any airport
at which landings or take-offs are restricted, including, without limitation, slots and operating authorizations, whether pursuant to
FAA or DOT regulations or orders pursuant to Title 14, Title 49 or other federal statutes now or hereinafter in effect.

Facility shall mean the Revolving
Facility.

24

FATCA
shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement, any amended or successor provisions that are substantively
comparable thereto and not materially more onerous to comply with, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof
and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code.

Federal Funds Effective
Rate shall mean, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the rates on
overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the
next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business
Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such day for such transactions received
by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it; provided that, if the Federal
Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Federal Reserve
Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fees
shall collectively mean the Commitment Fees, Letter of Credit Fees and other fees referred to in Section 2.19.

Fitch
shall mean Fitch Ratings Inc.

Flight Simulators
shall mean the flight simulators and flight training devices of the Borrower or any other applicable Grantor (including, without limitation,
any such simulators or training devices located on a Real Property Asset).

Floor
means a rate of interest equal to 0%.

Foreign Lender
shall mean any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located. For purposes
of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single
jurisdiction.

Foreign Subsidiary
shall mean any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Parent Holdco which is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

GAAP
shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, which are in effect from time to time, including
those set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, such other statements by such other entity as have been approved
by a significant segment of the accounting profession and the rules and regulations of the SEC governing the inclusion of financial statements
in periodic reports required to be filed pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act, including opinions and pronouncements in staff accounting
bulletins and similar written statements from the accounting staff of the SEC.

25

Gate Leasehold
means, at any time, all of the right, title, privilege, interest and authority, now held or hereafter acquired, of the Borrower or a Guarantor
in connection with the right to use or occupy space in an airport terminal at any airport.

Governmental Authority
shall mean the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local,
and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank organization, or other entity exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, taxing or regulatory powers or functions of or pertaining to government. Governmental Authority shall not include any Person
in its capacity as an Airport Authority.

Grantor
shall mean the Borrower and any Guarantor that shall at any time pledge Revolving Priority Collateral under a Collateral Document.

Ground Support Equipment
shall mean the equipment owned by the Borrower or, if applicable, any other Grantor for crew and passenger ground transportation, cargo,
mail and luggage handling, catering, fuel/oil servicing, de-icing, cleaning, aircraft maintenance and servicing, dispatching, security
and motor vehicles.

Guarantee
means a guarantee (other than (a) by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection or (b) customary contractual indemnities, in
each case in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner including, without limitation, by way of a pledge of
assets or through letters of credit or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof, of all or any part of any Indebtedness (whether arising
by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreements to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay
or to maintain financial statement conditions).

Guaranteed Obligations
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 9.01(a).

Guarantors
shall mean, collectively, each Domestic Subsidiary of Parent Holdco that becomes, pursuant to Section 5.13, a party to the Guarantee contained
in Section 9 and, following the conversion of the Borrower to a limited liability company, Parent Holdco.

Guaranty Obligations
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 9.01(a).

Hazardous Materials
shall mean all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including
petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical
wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature that are regulated pursuant to, or could reasonably be expected to give rise to
liability under any Environmental Law.

Hedging Agreement
shall mean any agreement evidencing Hedging Obligations.

Hedging Obligations
means, with respect to any Person, all obligations and liabilities of such Person under:

26

(a)interest rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap agreements and interest
rate collar agreements;

(b)other agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate risk; and

(c)other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency exchange rates, fuel prices or
other commodity prices, but excluding (x) clauses in purchase agreements and maintenance agreements pertaining to future prices and (y)
fuel purchase agreements and fuel sales that are for physical delivery of the relevant commodity.

IATA
means the International Air Transport Association and any successor thereto.

Illegality Event
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.29.

Immaterial Subsidiary
shall mean any Subsidiary of Parent Holdco for which (a) the assets of such Subsidiary constitute no more than 10.0% of the total assets
of Parent Holdco and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (determined as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the
Borrower for which financial statements are available to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01) and (b) the revenues of such
Subsidiary account for no more than 10.0% of the total revenues of Parent Holdco and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the
twelve-month period ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements are available
to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01; provided that the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries shall not exceed,
in the aggregate, (x) 15.0% of the total assets of Parent Holdco and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (determined as of the last
day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements are available to the Administrative Agent pursuant
to Section 5.01) or (y) 15.0% of the total revenues of Parent Holdco and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the twelve-month
period ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements are available to the Administrative
Agent pursuant to Section 5.01; provided, further that (i) a Subsidiary will not be considered to be an Immaterial Subsidiary
if it (1) directly or indirectly guarantees, or pledges any property or assets to secure, any Obligations or Junior Secured Debt
or (2) owns any properties or assets that constitute Revolving Priority Collateral and (ii) if one or more Subsidiaries of Parent Holdco
becomes an Immaterial Subsidiary by operation of the preceding proviso, the Borrower shall be entitled from time to time, in its sole
discretion, to designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more Subsidiaries of Parent Holdco as Subsidiaries that shall constitute
Material Subsidiaries (and cease to be Immaterial Subsidiaries), so long as, after giving effect to such designation(s),
all remaining Immaterial Subsidiaries meet the requirements of the preceding proviso and the Borrower has complied with the requirements
of Section 5.13.

Increase Effective
Date shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.27(a).

Increase Joinder
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.27(c).

27

Indebtedness
means, with respect to any specified Person, any indebtedness of such Person (excluding accrued expenses and trade payables), whether
or not contingent:

(a)in respect of borrowed money;

(b)evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit (or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof);

(c)in respect of bankers acceptances;

(d)representing Capital Lease Obligations;

(e)representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property or services due more than six months after such
property is acquired or such services are completed, but excluding in any event trade payables arising in the ordinary course of business;
or

(f)representing any Hedging Obligations,

if and to the extent any of
the preceding items (other than letters of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of the specified
Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, the term Indebtedness includes all Indebtedness of others secured
by a Lien on any asset of the specified Person (whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by the specified Person) and, to the extent
not otherwise included, the Guarantee by the specified Person of any Indebtedness of any other Person. Indebtedness shall be calculated
without giving effect to the effects of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 815 Derivatives
and Hedging and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for
any purpose under this Agreement as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness.

For the avoidance of doubt,
Banking Product Obligations do not constitute Indebtedness.

Indemnified Taxes
shall mean Taxes other than Excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payments made by the Borrower or any Guarantor under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Indemnitee
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.04(b).

Initial Appraisal
shall mean (a) with respect to the Aircraft or Engines, each of the appraisals of MBA and ASG delivered to the Administrative Agent in
accordance with Section 4.01(d), (b) with respect to the Slots and Gate Leaseholds, the appraisal of MBA dated March 27, 2020, and (c)
with respect to the Flight Simulators, the appraisal of MBA dated March 27, 2020.

Initial Revolving
Lender shall mean each Lender having a Revolving Commitment as of the Closing Date.

Intercreditor Agreement
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.17.

28

Interest Election
Request shall mean a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05.

Interest Payment
Date shall mean (a) as to any SOFR Loan having an Interest Period of one or three months, the last day of such Interest Period,
(b) as to any SOFR Loan having an Interest Period of more than three months, each day that is three months, or a whole multiple thereof,
after the first day of such Interest Period and the last day of such Interest Period and (c) with respect to ABR Revolving Loans, the
15th Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December.

Interest Period
shall mean, as to any Borrowing of SOFR Loans, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing (including as a result of a conversion
from ABR Loans) or on the last day of the preceding Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing and ending on (but excluding) the numerically
corresponding day (or if there is no corresponding day, the last day) in the calendar month that is one, three or six months (or, if available
to all applicable Lenders and agreed to by all Lenders, twelve months) thereafter, as the Borrower may elect in the related notice delivered
pursuant to Section 2.03 or 2.05; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day which shall not be a Business Day,
such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the
next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, and (ii) no Interest Period shall
end later than the applicable Termination Date.

International Interest
shall mean an international interest as defined in the Cape Town Treaty.

International Registry
shall mean the International Registry as defined in the Cape Town Treaty.

Investments
means, with respect to any Person, all direct or indirect investments made by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the
forms of loans (including Guarantees or other obligations), advances (but excluding advance payments and deposits for goods and services
in the ordinary course of business) or capital contributions (excluding commission, travel and similar advances to officers, employees
and consultants made in the ordinary course of business), purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests
or other securities of other Persons, together with all items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared
in accordance with GAAP.

Issuing Lender
shall mean (i) Citibank (or any of its Affiliates reasonably acceptable to the Borrower), in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of
Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.02(i), and (ii) if Citibanks Revolving Commitment
is at any time less than $55,000,000 (or, if less, such other amount that is at all times equal to Citibanks Revolving Commitment
hereunder), any other Lender agreeing to act in such capacity, which other Lender shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent. Each Issuing Lender may, in its reasonable discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued
by Affiliates of such Issuing Lender reasonably acceptable to the Borrower, which Affiliate shall agree in writing reasonably acceptable
to the Borrower to be

29

bound by the provisions of the
Loan Documents applicable to an Issuing Lender, in which case the term Issuing Lender shall include any such Affiliate with
respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate.

Junior Lien Cap
means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of Junior Secured Debt that may be incurred by the Borrower and any Guarantor
such that, after giving pro forma effect to such incurrence and the application of the net proceeds therefrom the Total Collateral Coverage
Ratio shall be no less than 1.0 to 1.0.

Junior Secured Debt
shall mean Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on Revolving Priority Collateral that is junior to the Liens securing the Obligations
and permitted to be secured by a Lien on Revolving Priority Collateral under Section 6.06.

LC Commitment
shall mean, with respect to any Issuing Lender, an amount equal to the Revolving Commitment of such Issuing Lender from time to time.

LC Disbursement
shall mean a payment made by an Issuing Lender pursuant to a Letter of Credit issued by it.

LC Exposure
shall mean, at any time, with respect to any Revolving Lender that is an Issuing Lender, the sum of (i) the aggregate maximum undrawn
amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by it at such time plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by it
that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time; provided, that in the case of any escalating Letter
of Credit where the face amount thereof is subject to escalation with no conditions, the applicable Issuing Lenders LC Exposure
with respect to such Letter of Credit shall be determined by referring to the maximum face amount to which such Letter of Credit may be
so escalated.

Lenders
shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

Letter of Credit
shall mean any irrevocable letter of credit issued pursuant to Section 2.02, which letter of credit shall be (i) a standby letter of credit,
(ii) issued for general corporate purposes of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that in any case the account
party of a Letter of Credit must be the Borrower, (iii) denominated in Dollars and (iv) otherwise in such form as may be reasonably approved
from time to time by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Lender.

Letter of Credit
Account shall mean the account established by the Borrower under the sole and exclusive control of the Collateral Agent maintained
at the office of the Collateral Agent at Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 designated as the Spirit
Pledge Account that shall be used solely for the purposes set forth herein.

Letter of Credit
Fees shall mean the fees payable in respect of Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.21.

Lien
means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or similar encumbrance of any kind in respect
of such asset, whether or not filed,

30

recorded or otherwise perfected
under applicable law (but excluding any lease, sublease, use or license agreement or swap agreement or similar arrangement by any Grantor
described in clause (e) or (f) of the definition of Permitted Disposition), including any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement, any option or other agreement to sell or give a security interest in and, except in connection with any Qualified
Receivables Transaction, any agreement to give any financing statement under the UCC (or equivalent statutes) of any jurisdiction.

Liquidity
shall mean the sum of (i) all unrestricted cash, Cash Equivalents and short-term investment securities (as referred to in
the Borrowers Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K and/or other public filings with the SEC) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (excluding, for the
avoidance of doubt, any cash or Cash Equivalents held in accounts subject to Account Control Agreements or otherwise then pledged to secure
any Indebtedness other than the Obligations), and (ii) the aggregate principal amount committed and available to be drawn by the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries (taking into account all borrowing base limitations, collateral coverage requirements or other restrictions on borrowing
availability) under all revolving credit facilities (including this Facility) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided, that
no more than $300,000,000 of Liquidity under the foregoing clause (ii) may be derived from undrawn Commitments under this Facility at
any given time; provided, further, that, as of any date of determination, any Liquidity contributed by Subsidiaries of the
Borrower that are not also Guarantors on such date that is in excess of 10% of the total Liquidity shall, in each case, be excluded from
the calculation of Liquidity on such date.

Loan Request
shall mean a request by the Borrower, executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, for a Loan in accordance with Section 2.03 in
substantially the form of Exhibit C.

Loans
shall mean the Revolving Loans.

Loan Documents
shall mean this Agreement, the Collateral Documents, each Intercreditor Agreement and any other instrument or agreement (which is designated
as a Loan Document therein) executed and delivered by the Borrower or a Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any
Issuing Lender or any Lender, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated
from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

Loyalty Issuer
has the meaning specified in the definition of Exit Notes.

Maintenance Adjusted
CMV shall mean, as at any date of determination, the fair market value of an Aircraft or Engine based on the most likely trading
price that may be generated for such Aircraft or Engine under the market conditions that are perceived to exist at the time in question
with the assumptions that such Aircraft or Engine is valued for its highest, best use, that the parties to the hypothetical transaction
are willing, able, prudent, knowledgeable, and under no unusual pressure for a prompt sale, and that the transaction would be negotiated
in an open and unrestricted market on an arms-length basis for cash or equivalent consideration, and given an adequate amount of
time for effective exposure to potential buyers, using half-life values as adjusted by the relevant Aircraft Appraiser for the actual
maintenance conditions and specifications of the Aircraft or Engine (which shall be based on maintenance condition as of a

31

date no earlier than sixty (60)
days prior to the date each Aircraft Appraisal is due hereunder) and reflecting the state of supply and demand in the market that exists
at the time; provided that if there is any conflict or disagreement with respect to the interpretation of Maintenance Adjusted
CMV, the parties shall refer to the definitions of ISTAT for guidance; provided further that such adjustment applied consistently
in each Aircraft Appraisal for such Aircraft or Engine by such Aircraft Appraiser.

Margin Stock
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.11(a).

Material Adverse
Change shall mean any event, development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

Material Adverse
Effect shall mean (i) a material adverse effect on (a) the consolidated business, operations or financial condition of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights or remedies
of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders thereunder, or (c) the ability of the Borrower and the Guarantors, collectively,
to pay the Obligations or (ii) a Collateral Material Adverse Effect.

Material Indebtedness
shall mean Indebtedness of the Borrower or one or more Guarantors (other than the Loans and obligations relating to Letters of Credit)
outstanding under the same agreement in a principal amount exceeding $100,000,000.

MBA shall
mean Morten, Beyer and Agnew.

Merger Election Time shall
have the meaning given such term in Section 2.12(h).

Merger Prepayment
Date shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.12(h).

Merger Prepayment Offer shall
have the meaning given such term in Section 2.12(h).

Minimum Extension
Condition shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.28(b).

Moodys
shall mean Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Mortgaged Collateral
shall mean all of the Collateral as defined in the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage (including as supplemented by any
Mortgage Supplement).

Net Proceeds
means the aggregate cash and Cash Equivalents received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Collateral Sale (including,
without limitation, any cash or Cash Equivalents received in respect of or upon the sale or other disposition of any non-cash consideration
received in any Collateral Sale) or Recovery Event, net of: (a) the direct costs and expenses relating to such Collateral Sale and incurred
by the Borrower or a Subsidiary (including the sale or disposition of such non-cash consideration) or any such Recovery Event, including,
without limitation, legal, accounting and investment banking fees, and sales commissions, and any relocation expenses incurred as a result
of the Collateral Sale or Recovery Event, taxes paid or payable as a result of the Collateral Sale or Recovery Event, in each case,

32

after taking into account any
available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements; (b) any reserve for adjustment or indemnification obligations in
respect of the sale price of such asset or assets established in accordance with GAAP; and (c) any portion of the purchase price from
a Collateral Sale placed in escrow pursuant to the terms of such Collateral Sale (either as a reserve for adjustment of the purchase price,
or for satisfaction of indemnities in respect of such Collateral Sale) until the termination of such escrow.

Net Proceeds Amount
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.12(a).

New Lender
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.27(a).

Non-Defaulting Lender
shall mean, at any time, a Revolving Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender.

Non-Extending Lender
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.08(g).

Notes Priority Collateral
Intercreditor Agreement shall mean that certain Notes Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing
Date, by and among the Borrower, the other Grantors, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, as Revolving Security Agent (as defined
therein) and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Notes Trustee and Notes Security Agent (each as defined therein) in the form of
Exhibit E.

Obligations
shall mean the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and interest accruing
after the filing of any petition of bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to
the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding), the Loans, the Designated
Hedging Obligations, the Designated Banking Product Obligations, and all other obligations and liabilities of the Borrower to the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent any Issuing Lender or any Lender (including, without duplication, any such obligations that are the subject
of Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights) (or (i) in the case of Designated Hedging Obligations, any obligee with respect to such designated
Hedging Obligations who was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender when the related Designated Hedging Agreement was entered into, or (ii)
in the case of Designated Banking Product Obligations, any obligee with respect to such Designated Banking Product Obligations who was
a Lender or a banking Affiliate of any Lender at the time the related Designated Banking Product Agreement was entered into), whether
direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which arise under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, out-of-pocket costs,
and expenses (including all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to any Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender that are required
to be paid by the Borrower pursuant hereto) or otherwise; provided, however, that the aggregate amount of all Designated
Hedging Obligations (valued in accordance with the definition thereof) at any time outstanding that shall be included as Obligations
shall not exceed 10% of the original Total Revolving Commitment in effect on the Closing Date; provided, further, that in
no event shall the Obligations include Excluded Swap Obligations.

OFAC
means the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control.

33

Officer
means, with respect to any Person, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Operating Officer,
the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary or any Vice-President of such Person.

Officers
Certificate shall mean a certificate signed on behalf of the Borrower by an Officer of the Borrower.

Other Taxes
shall mean any and all present or future court stamp, mortgage, intangible, recording, filing or documentary taxes or any other similar
charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, performance, delivery, registration of or enforcement
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Outstanding Letters
of Credit shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.02(j).

Parent Company
means, with respect to a Revolving Lender, the bank holding company (as defined in Federal Reserve Board Regulation Y), if any, of such
Revolving Lender, and/or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of such Revolving
Lender.

Parent Holdco
means Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.

Participant
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.02(d).

Participant Register
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 10.02(d).

Patriot Act
shall mean the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law on October 26, 2001 and any subsequent legislation that amends
or supplements such Act or any subsequent legislation that supersedes such Act.

Payment Recipient
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(a).

Payroll Accounts
shall mean depository accounts used only for payroll.

Periodic Term SOFR
Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR.

Permitted Business
means any business that is the same as, or reasonably related, ancillary, supportive or complementary to, or a reasonable extension of,
the business in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the date of this Agreement.

Permitted Disposition
shall mean any of the following:

(a)the Disposition of Revolving Priority Collateral permitted under the applicable Collateral Documents;

34

(b)the Disposition of cash or Cash Equivalents constituting Revolving Priority Collateral in exchange for other cash or Cash Equivalents
constituting Revolving Priority Collateral and having reasonably equivalent value therefor; provided that this clause (b) shall
not permit any Disposition of the Letter of Credit Account or any amounts on deposit therein;

(c)sales or dispositions of surplus, obsolete, negligible or uneconomical assets no longer used in the business of the Borrower and
the other Grantors, including returns of Slots to the FAA;

(d)Dispositions of Revolving Priority Collateral among the Grantors (including any Person that shall become a Grantor simultaneous
with such Disposition in the manner contemplated by Section 5.13); provided that:

(i)such Revolving Priority Collateral remains at all times subject to a Lien with the same priority and level of perfection as was
the case immediately prior to such Disposition (and otherwise subject only to Permitted Liens) in favor of the Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties following such Disposition,

(ii)concurrently therewith, the Grantors shall execute any documents and take any actions reasonably required to create, grant, establish,
preserve or perfect such Lien in accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement or the Collateral Documents,

(iii)concurrently therewith or promptly thereafter, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, shall receive an Officers Certificate, with respect to the matters described in clauses (i) and (ii) hereof and, if reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent, an opinion of counsel to the Borrower (which may be in-house counsel) as to the validity and perfection
of such Lien on the Revolving Priority Collateral, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,

(iv)concurrently with any Disposition of Revolving Priority Collateral to any Person that shall become a Grantor simultaneous with
such Disposition in the manner contemplated by Section 5.13, such Person shall have complied with the requirements of Section 5.13(b);
provided further that this clause (d) shall not permit any Disposition of the Letter of Credit Account or any amounts on deposit
therein, and

(v)the preceding provisions of clauses (i) through (iv) shall not be applicable to any Disposition resulting from a merger or consolidation
permitted by Section 6.10; and

(e)(i) abandonment of Slots and Gate Leaseholds; provided that such abandonment is (A) in connection with the downsizing of
any hub or facility which does not materially and adversely affect the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
(B) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices and does not materially and adversely affect the business of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (C) reasonably determined by the Borrower to relate to Revolving Priority Collateral
of de minimis value or surplus to the Borrowers needs or (D) required by the DOT, the FAA or other Governmental Authority
and, in the case of any such abandonment under this clause (i), does not have a Collateral Material Adverse Effect,

35

(ii)exchange of FAA Slots in the ordinary course of business that in the Borrowers reasonable judgment are of reasonably equivalent
value (so long as the FAA Slots received in such exchange are concurrently pledged as Additional Collateral and constitute Eligible Collateral,
and such exchange would not result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect),

(iii)the termination of leases or subleases or airport use or license agreements in the ordinary course of business to the extent such
terminations do not have a Collateral Material Adverse Effect, or

(iv)any other lease or sublease of, or use or license agreements with respect to, assets and properties that constitute Slots or Gate
Leaseholds in the ordinary course of business and swap agreements or similar arrangements with respect to Slots in the ordinary course
of business and which lease, sublease, use or license agreement or swap agreement or similar arrangement (A) has a term of one year or
less, or does not extend beyond two comparable IATA traffic seasons (and contains no option to extend beyond either of such periods),
(B) has a term (including any option period) longer than allowed in clause (A); provided, however, that (x) in the
case of each transaction pursuant to this clause (B), an Officers Certificate is delivered to the Administrative Agent concurrently
with or promptly after the applicable Grantors entering into any such transaction that (i) immediately after giving effect to such
transaction the Collateral Coverage Ratio (excluding, for purposes of calculating such ratio, the proceeds of such transaction and the
intended use thereof) would be no less than 1.0 to 1.0, (ii) the Collateral Agents Liens on Revolving Priority Collateral subject
to such lease, sublease, use, license agreement or swap or similar arrangement are not materially adversely affected (it being understood
that no Permitted Lien shall be deemed to have such an effect) and (iii) no Event of Default exists at the time of such transaction, and
(y) immediately after giving effect to any transaction pursuant to this clause (B), the aggregate Appraised Value of Revolving Priority
Collateral subject to transactions covered by this clause (B) shall not exceed $30,000,000, (C) is for purposes of operations
by another airline operating under a brand associated with the Borrower or otherwise operating routes at the Borrowers direction
under a code share agreement, capacity purchase agreement, pro-rate agreement or similar arrangement between such airline and the Borrower
or (D) is subject and subordinated to the rights (including remedies) of the Collateral Agent under the applicable Collateral Documents
on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and

(f)the lease or sublease of assets and properties in the ordinary course of business; provided that, the rights of the lessee
or sublessee shall be subordinated to the rights (including remedies) of the Collateral Agent under the applicable Collateral Document
on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

36

Permitted Exit Liens
shall mean Liens on the Revolving Priority Collateral securing the Exit Notes in an aggregate principal amount (as of the date of the
initial issuance of Exit Notes and after giving pro forma effect to the application of the net proceeds therefrom) not to exceed $840,000,000
(plus interest paid in-kind thereon from time to time), provided that such Liens on the Revolving Priority Collateral shall (x)
rank junior to the Liens on the Revolving Priority Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations and (y) be subject
to the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement.

Permitted Liens
means:

(a)Liens held by the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations;

(b)Permitted Exit Liens;

(c)Liens securing Junior Secured Debt in an aggregate principal amount (as of the date of incurrence of any such Junior Secured Debt
and after giving pro forma effect to the application of the net proceeds therefrom), not exceeding the Junior Lien Cap, provided
that such Liens shall (x) rank junior to the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent securing the Obligations and (y) be subject to an
Intercreditor Agreement in substantially the same form of the Notes Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement or otherwise reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Required Lenders and the Borrower;

(d)Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or claims that are not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently concluded; provided that any reserve or other appropriate provision
as is required in conformity with GAAP has been made therefor;

(e)Liens imposed by law, including carriers, warehousemens, landlords and mechanics Liens, in each case,
incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(f)Liens arising by operation of law in connection with judgments, attachments or awards which do not constitute an Event of Default
hereunder;

(g)Liens created for the benefit of (or to secure) the Obligations or any Guaranty Obligations;

(h)(A) any overdrafts and related liabilities arising from treasury, netting, depository and cash management services or in connection
with any automated clearing house transfers of funds, in each case as it relates to cash or Cash Equivalents, if any, and (B) Liens arising
by operation of law or that are contractual rights of set-off in favor of the depository bank or securities intermediary in respect of
the Letter of Credit Account or the Collateral Proceeds Account;

(i)licenses, sublicenses, leases and subleases by any Grantor as they relate to any aircraft, airframe, engine, Mortgaged Collateral
or any Additional Collateral and to the extent (A) such licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases do not interfere in any material
respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and in each case, such license, sublicense, lease or
sublease is to be subject and subordinate to the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents, and in each
case, would not result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect or (B) otherwise expressly permitted by the Collateral Documents;

37

(j)salvage or similar rights of insurers, in each case as it relates to any aircraft, airframe, engine, Mortgaged Collateral or any
Additional Collateral, if any;

(k)in each case as it relates to any aircraft, Liens on appliances, parts, components, instruments, appurtenances, furnishings and
other equipment installed on such aircraft and separately financed by a Grantor, to secure such financing;

(l)Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower with respect to obligations
that do not exceed in the aggregate $7,500,000 at any one time outstanding;

(m)Liens on Revolving Priority Collateral permitted under the Collateral Document granting a Lien on such Collateral; and

(n)Easements (including reciprocal easement agreements), rights-of-way, building, zoning and similar restrictions, utility agreements,
covenants, reservations, restrictions, encroachments, charges, and other similar encumbrances or title defects incurred, leases or subleases,
licenses or sublicenses, or occupancy agreements granted to others, whether or not of record and whether now in existence or hereafter
entered into, in the ordinary course of business, which do not in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the
business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Person
shall mean any natural person, corporation, division of a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association,
company, estate, unincorporated organization, Airport Authority or Governmental Authority or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Pledged Aircraft
means, as of any date, the Eligible Aircraft included in the Revolving Priority Collateral as of such date.

Pledged Cash and
Cash Equivalents means, as of any date, the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents included in the Revolving Priority Collateral
as of such date.

Pledged Engines
means, as of any date, the Eligible Engines included in the Revolving Priority Collateral as of such date.

Pledged Gate Leaseholds
means, as of any date, the Gate Leaseholds included in the Revolving Priority Collateral as of such date.

Pledged Ground Support
Equipment means, as of any date, the Ground Support Equipment included in the Revolving Priority Collateral as of such date.

Pledged Real Property
Assets means, as of any date, the Real Property Assets included in the Revolving Priority Collateral as of such date.

38

Pledged Slots
means, as of any date, the Slots included in the Revolving Priority Collateral as of such date.

Pledged Spare Parts
means, as of any date, the Eligible Spare Parts included in the Revolving Priority Collateral as of such date.

Prime Rate
shall mean the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by Citibank, as its prime rate in effect at its principal
office in New York City (the Prime Rate not being intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by Citibank in connection with extensions
of credit to debtors); each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced
as being effective.

Professional User
shall have the meaning given it in the Regulations and Procedures for the International Registry.

Propeller
shall mean any propeller, including any part, appurtenance, and accessory of a propeller.

PTE means
a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Put Exposure
means the principal amount of Loans, LC Exposure and unused Revolving Commitments that Lenders have elected be prepaid, discharged and
terminated, respectively, pursuant to Section 2.12(g) or Section 2.12(h) in response to a Change of Control Offer or a Merger Prepayment
Offer, respectively.

QEC Kits
means the quick engine change kits of any Grantor.

QFC has
the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC Credit Support
has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.20.

Qualified Receivables
Transaction means any transaction or series of transactions entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant
to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries sells, conveys or otherwise transfers to (a) a Receivables Subsidiary or any other Person
(in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) and (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables
Subsidiary), or grants a security interest in, any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto including, without limitation, all Equity Interests and other investments in
the Receivables Subsidiary, all collateral securing such accounts receivable, all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in
respect of such accounts receivable, proceeds of such accounts receivable and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect
of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable,
other than assets that constitute Revolving Priority Collateral or proceeds of Revolving Priority Collateral.

39

Qualified Replacement
Assets means Additional Collateral of any of the types described in clauses (b), (c), and (d) of the definition of Additional
Collateral.

Qualifying Equity
Interests means Equity Interests of the Borrower other than Disqualified Stock of the Borrower.

Real Property Assets
shall mean those parcels of real property owned in fee or ground leased by the Borrower or any other Grantor designated by the Borrower
and together with, in each case, all of Borrowers or Grantors (as applicable) right, title and interest in and to all buildings,
improvements, facilities, appurtenant fixtures and equipment, easements and other property and rights incidental or appurtenant to the
ownership or ground leasing of such parcel of real property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no real property located in an area identified
as a special flood hazard area by the Federal Emergency Management Agency or other applicable agency, in accordance with any of (i) the
National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster
Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as
now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto or (iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter
in effect or any successor statute thereto, shall be a Real Property Asset for purposes hereof.

Real Property Mortgages
shall mean the mortgages, deeds of trust and other security documents granting a Lien on any Real Property Assets of the Borrower or any
Grantor, together with its interest in such property, to secure the Obligations, each in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent.

Receivables Subsidiary
means a Subsidiary of the Borrower which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable and
which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (as provided below) as a Receivables Subsidiary (a) no portion of the
Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (1) is guaranteed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the
Borrower (other than comprising a pledge of the Capital Stock or other interests in such Receivables Subsidiary (an incidental
pledge), and excluding any guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant
to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified
Receivables Transaction), (2) is recourse to or obligates the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in any way other than through
an incidental pledge or pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business
in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction or (3) subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of
the Borrower (other than accounts receivable and related assets as provided in the definition of Qualified Receivables Transaction),
directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to representations, warranties, covenants
and indemnities entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with a Qualified Receivables Transaction, (b) with
which neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding (other
than pursuant to the Qualified Receivables Transaction) other than (i) on terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary
than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons who are not Affiliates of the Borrower, and (ii) fees payable in the ordinary
course of business in

40

connection with servicing accounts
receivable and (c) with which neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower has any obligation to maintain or preserve
such Subsidiarys financial condition, other than a minimum capitalization in customary amounts, or to cause such Subsidiary to
achieve certain levels of operating results. Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Borrower will be evidenced to the Administrative
Agent by filing with the Administrative Agent a certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower giving effect
to such designation and an Officers Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions.

Recovery Event
shall mean any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim or any condemnation proceeding relating
to any Revolving Priority Collateral or any Event of Loss (as defined in the related Collateral Document pursuant to which a security
interest in such Revolving Priority Collateral is granted to the Collateral Agent, if applicable).

Register
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.02(b)(iv).

Regulations and
Procedures for the International Registry shall mean the official English language text of the International Registry Procedures
and Regulations issued by the Supervisory Authority (as defined in the Cape Town Convention) pursuant to the Aircraft Protocol.

Related Parties
shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, members,
employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates.

Release
shall have the meaning specified in Section 101(22) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act.

Replacement Facility
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(h).

Reporting Entity
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

Required Lenders
shall mean, at any time, Lenders holding more than 50% of the Total Revolving Commitments then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments
have been terminated, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. The Revolving Extensions of Credit, outstanding Loans
and Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining the Required Lenders at any time.

Responsible Officer
means an Officer.

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Revolving Availability
Period shall mean the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the Revolving Facility Termination Date with
respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments.

41

Revolving Commitment
shall mean the commitment of each Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans and, if such Revolving Lender is an Issuing Lender, to issue
Letters of Credit, hereunder in an aggregate principal not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Revolving Commitment
opposite its name in Annex A hereto as of the relevant date referenced therein or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such
Revolving Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The aggregate amount
of the Total Revolving Commitments as of the Closing Date is $275,000,000.

Revolving Commitment
Percentage shall mean, at any time, with respect to each Revolving Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing its Revolving
Commitment at such time by the Total Revolving Commitment (or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the Revolving Extensions
of Credit of such Revolving Lender at such time by the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit at such time).

Revolving Extensions
of Credit shall mean, as to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount
of all Revolving Loans held by such Lender then outstanding and (b) if such Lender is an Issuing Lender, such Lenders LC Exposure
then outstanding.

Revolving Facility shall have
the meaning given to such term in the Introductory Statement of this Agreement.

Revolving Facility
Maturity Date shall mean, with respect to any (a) Revolving Commitments that have not been extended pursuant to Section 2.28,
March 12, 2028, and (b) Extended Revolving Commitments, the final maturity date therefor as specified in the applicable Extension Offer
accepted by the respective Revolving Lender or Revolving Lenders.

Revolving Facility
Termination Date shall mean the earliest to occur of (a) the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to the applicable
Revolving Commitments, (b) the acceleration of the Loans (if any) and the termination of the Revolving Commitments in accordance with
the terms hereof and (c) the termination of the applicable Revolving Commitments as a whole pursuant to Section 2.11.

Revolving Lender
shall mean each Lender having a Revolving Commitment.

Revolving Loan
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a).

Revolving Loan Percentage
shall mean, with respect to each Revolving Lender, determined as of the date of each advance of a Revolving Loan and prior to giving effect
thereto, the percentage determined by dividing (i) the Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender minus the Revolving Extensions of
Credit of such Revolving Lender by (ii) the Total Revolving Commitments minus the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit.

Revolving Priority Collateral
shall have the meaning set forth in the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement.

Revolving Priority
Collateral Intercreditor Agreement shall mean the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing
Date, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Notes Trustee (as defined therein) and the Notes Security
Agent (as defined therein), in the form attached as Exhibit D.

42

Sale of a Grantor
means, with respect to any Revolving Priority Collateral, an issuance, sale, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of the Capital
Stock of the applicable Grantor that owns such Collateral other than (1) an issuance of Equity Interests by a Grantor to the Borrower
or another Subsidiary of the Borrower, and (2) an issuance of directors qualifying shares.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, territory or region which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions, which as of the Closing Date
include Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the so-called Donetsk
Peoples Republic and the non-government controlled Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine.

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) a Person which is subject or target of any Sanctions or (b) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person
or Persons.

Sanctions
means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the United Nations Security
Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, and the United States government, including those administered by the Office
of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State.

S&P
shall mean Standard & Poors, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.

SEC shall
mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Section 1110
means 11 U.S.C. Section 1110 of the Bankruptcy Code or any successor or analogous section of the federal bankruptcy law in effect
from time to time.

Secured Parties
shall mean the Agents, the Issuing Lenders, the Lenders and all other holders of Obligations.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Significant Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that would be a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation
S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on the date of this Agreement.

Slot
means (a) in the case of airports outside the United States, at any time, the right and operational authority to conduct one landing or
takeoff at a specific time or during a specific time period, or (b) in the case of airports in the United States, FAA Slots.

Slot and Gate Security
Agreement shall mean that certain Slot and Gate Security Agreement dated as of April 1, 2020, as the same may be amended, restated,
modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time.

43

SOFR
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Borrowing
means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

SOFR Loan
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate
Base Rate.

SOFR Tranche
shall mean the collective reference to SOFR Loans under the Facility the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin
on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day).

Spare Parts
shall mean all accessories, appurtenances, or parts of an Aircraft (except an Engine or Propeller), Engine (except a Propeller), Propeller,
or Appliance, that are to be installed at a later time in an Aircraft, Engine, Propeller or Appliance.

Spare Parts Security
Agreement means the Mortgage and Security Agreement (Spare Parts) dated May 20, 2020, entered into by the Borrower and the
Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented, extended or amended and restated from time to time.

Spirit
means Spirit Airlines, Inc., a Delaware Corporation.

Stated Maturity
means, with respect to any installment of interest or principal on any series of Indebtedness, the date on which the payment of interest
or principal was scheduled to be paid in the documentation governing such Indebtedness as of the Closing Date, and will not include any
contingent obligations to repay, redeem or repurchase any such interest or principal prior to the date originally scheduled for the payment
thereof.

Stored
shall mean, as to any Aircraft or Engine, that such Aircraft or Engine has been stored (a) with a low expectation of a return to
service within the one year following commencement of such storage and (b) in a manner intended to minimize the rate of environmental
degradation of the structure and components of such Aircraft or Engine (as the case may be) during such storage.

Subsidiary
shall mean, with respect to any Person

(1) any corporation,
association or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture or limited liability company) of which more than 50% of
the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency and after giving effect
to any voting agreement or stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors,
managers or trustees of the corporation, association or other business entity is at the time of determination owned or controlled, directly
or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person (or a combination thereof); and

44

(2) any partnership,
joint venture or limited liability company of which (A) more than 50% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting
interests or general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person
or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person or a combination thereof, whether in the form of membership, general, special
or limited partnership interests or otherwise and (B) such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or
otherwise controls such entity.

Survey
shall mean a survey of any Real Property Asset (and all improvements thereon) which is (a) (i) prepared by a surveyor or engineer licensed
to perform surveys in the jurisdiction where such Real Property Asset is located, (ii) dated (or redated) not earlier than nine months
prior to the date of delivery thereof unless there shall have occurred within nine months prior to such date of delivery any material
exterior construction on the site of such Real Property Asset or any material easement, right of way or other interest in the Real Property
Asset has been granted or become effective through operation of law or otherwise with respect to such Real Property Asset which, in either
case, can be depicted on a survey, in which events, as applicable, such survey shall be dated (or redated) within a reasonable period
after the completion of such construction or if such construction shall not have been completed as of such date of delivery, not earlier
than 30 days prior to such date of delivery, or after the grant or effectiveness of any such easement, right of way or other interest
in the Real Property Asset, (iii) certified by the surveyor (in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) to the Collateral
Agent, and the Title Company, (iv) complying in all respects with the minimum detail requirements of the American Land Title Association
as such requirements are in effect on the date of preparation of such survey and (v) sufficient for the Title Company to remove all standard
survey exceptions from the title insurance policy (or commitment) relating to such Real Property Asset (other than a read-in
of the applicable Survey) and issue the endorsements of the type required by Section 5.12 or (b) otherwise reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent.

Swap Obligation
means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a
swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Taxes
shall mean any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, assessments, fees, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed
by any Governmental Authority including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term SOFR
means,

(a)for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest
Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is

45

published
by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination
Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement
Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor
as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference
Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and

(b)for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such
day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as
such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Term
SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and
a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which
such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR SOFR Determination Day.

Term SOFR Adjustment
means, for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan or a SOFR Loan, a percentage per annum equal to 0.10%.

Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion).

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Termination Date
shall mean, with respect to any Revolving Loans, the Revolving Facility Termination Date applicable to the related Revolving Commitments.

Title 14
means Title 14 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations, including Part 93, Subparts K and S thereof, as amended from time to time or any
successor or recodified regulation.

Title 49
shall mean Title 49 of the United States Code, which, among other things, recodified and replaced the U.S. Federal Aviation Act of 1958,
and the rules and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, and any subsequent legislation that amends, supplements or supersedes such
provisions.

46

Title Company
shall mean any title insurance company as shall be retained by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; provided
that each of Stewart Title Insurance Company, First American Title Insurance Company and Chicago Title Insurance Company are hereby deemed
acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

Total Collateral
Coverage Ratio shall mean the ratio of (i) the aggregate Appraised Value of all Eligible Collateral plus the Pledged Cash and
Cash Equivalents to (ii) the sum, without duplication, of (w) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding (other than LC
Exposure that has been Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.02(j)), plus (x) the aggregate amount of all Designated Hedging
Obligations that constitute Obligations then outstanding, plus (y) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Junior
Secured Debt.

Total Obligations
shall have the meaning provided in the definition of Collateral Coverage Ratio.

Total Revolving
Commitment shall mean, at any time, the sum of the Revolving Commitments at such time.

Total Revolving
Extensions of Credit shall mean, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Extensions of Credit of the Revolving Lenders
outstanding at such time.

Transactions
shall mean the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and Guarantors of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which
they may be a party, the creation of the Liens in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent and/or the Administrative Agent for
the benefit of the Secured Parties, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof, and the request for and issuance of Letters
of Credit hereunder.

Type,
when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, is determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate.

Type I Aircraft
shall mean any Aircraft that is an Airbus A319 family Aircraft.

Type II Aircraft
shall mean any Aircraft that (i) is an Airbus A320ceo or A321ceo Aircraft and (ii) as of any date of determination, was delivered by the
relevant manufacturer more than eight (8) years prior to such date.

Type III Aircraft
shall mean any Aircraft that (i) is an Airbus A320ceo or A321ceo Aircraft and (ii) as of any date of determination, was delivered by the
relevant manufacturer eight (8) years or less prior to such date.

Type IV Aircraft
shall mean any Aircraft that is Airbus A320neo or A321neo Aircraft.

UCC shall
mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in any applicable jurisdiction.

UK Financial Institution
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom

47

Prudential Regulation Authority)
or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial
Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions
or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority
means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

United States Citizen
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.02.

Unused Total Revolving
Commitment shall mean, at any time, (a) the Total Revolving Commitment less (b) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes
of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Payroll Support
Program shall mean the Borrowers payroll support program with the United States Department of Treasury under the CARES
Act.

Use or Lose Rule
shall mean with respect to FAA Slots, the terms of 14 C.F.R. Section 93.227 or other applicable utilization requirements issued by
the FAA, other Governmental Authorities or any Airport Authorities.

Voting Stock
of any specified Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of
the Board of Directors of such Person.

Withholding Agent
shall mean the Borrower, a Guarantor and the Administrative Agent.

Write-Down and Conversion
Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution
Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write- down and conversion powers
are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or
any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations
of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised
under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related
to or ancillary to any of those powers.

Section 1.02.Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.
Whenever the context may require, any

48

pronoun shall include the corresponding
masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed
to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning
and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement,
instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time
amended, restated, supplemented, extended, amended and restated or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments,
supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons
permitted successors and assigns, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar
import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein
to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to,
this Agreement, unless expressly provided otherwise, (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to
have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities,
accounts and contract rights and (f) knowledge or aware or words of similar import shall mean, when used in
reference to the Borrower or the Guarantors, the actual knowledge of any Responsible Officer.

Section 1.03.Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall
be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative
Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Closing
Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that
the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before
or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect
and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended
in accordance herewith. Upon any such request for an amendment, the Borrower, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree
to consider in good faith any such amendment in order to amend the provisions of this Agreement so as to reflect equitably such accounting
changes so that the criteria for evaluating the Borrowers consolidated financial condition shall be the same after such accounting
changes as if such accounting changes had not occurred.

Section 1.04.Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware
law with respect to any Person that is a limited liability company formed under Delaware law (or any comparable event under the applicable
laws of any other relevant jurisdiction): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation
or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person,
and (b) if any new Person comes into existence as a result of such division or plan of division (or such other comparable event), such
new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests
at such time.

49

Section 1.05.Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with
respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Alternate Base
Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition
thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition
or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or
produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation
or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions
that affect the calculation of the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative,
successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse
to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Alternate
Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or
rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the
Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental
or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any
error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

SECTION 2.

AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT

Section 2.01.Commitments of the Lenders.

(a)Revolving Commitments. (i) Each Revolving Lender severally, and not jointly with the other Revolving Lenders, agrees, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, to make revolving credit loans denominated in Dollars (each a Revolving
Loan and collectively, the Revolving Loans) to the Borrower at any time and from time to time during the
Revolving Availability Period in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed, when added to such Revolving Lenders
LC Exposure (if any), the Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender, which Revolving Loans may be repaid and reborrowed in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement. At no time shall the sum of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans
plus the LC Exposure exceed the Total Revolving Commitment.

(ii)Each Borrowing of a Revolving Loan shall be made from the Revolving Lenders based upon each Revolving Lenders Revolving
Loan Percentage of such Revolving Loan; provided, however, that the failure of any Revolving Lender to make any Revolving
Loan shall not in itself relieve the other Revolving Lenders of their obligations to lend.

50

(b)Type of Borrowing. Each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or SOFR Loans as the Borrower may request in
accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any SOFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender
to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(c)Amount of Borrowing. At the commencement of each Interest Period for any SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate
amount that is in an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $1,000,000. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing
shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $100,000 and not less than $1,000,000; provided that an ABR Borrowing
may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire Unused Total Revolving Commitment or that is required to finance the reimbursement
of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.02(e). Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time.

(d)Limitation on Interest Period. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled
to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing of a Revolving Loan if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto
would end after the Revolving Facility Maturity Date (determined as of the date of such request) with respect to the applicable Revolving
Commitments.

Section 2.02.Letters of Credit.

(a)General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein,
the Borrower may request the issuance of (and, subject to the penultimate sentence of clause (b) below, the applicable Issuing Lender
shall issue) Letters of Credit in Dollars, at any time and from time to time during the Revolving Availability Period, in each case, for
the Borrowers own account or the account of any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent, such Issuing Lender and the Borrower. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into
by the Borrower with, an Issuing Lender relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.

(b)Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or
the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall either provide (i) telephonic notice promptly
followed by written notice or (ii) hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have
been approved by the applicable Issuing Lender (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned)) to the applicable
Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent (at least two (2) Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal
or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended,
and specifying (1) the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), (2) the date on which such Letter
of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), (3) the amount of such Letter of Credit, (4) the name
and address of the beneficiary thereof and (5) such other information as shall be necessary to prepare,

51

amend, renew
or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable Issuing Lender, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application
on such Issuing Lenders standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit; provided that, to the extent
such standard form (and/or any related reimbursement agreement) is inconsistent with the Loan Documents, the Loan Documents shall control.
A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each
Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal
or extension, the Revolving Extensions of Credit of such Issuing Lender shall not exceed its Revolving Commitment. No Issuing Lender
(other than an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) shall permit any such issuance, renewal, extension or amendment resulting in an
increase in the amount of any Letter of Credit to occur without first obtaining written confirmation from the Administrative Agent that
it is then permitted under this Agreement.

(c)Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date
that is one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year
after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is one (1) Business Day prior to the earliest Revolving Facility Maturity Date
(determined as of the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) with respect to the Revolving Commitments of the applicable Issuing Lender
(provided that, to the extent that such Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms of any Extension Amendment,
such Revolving Commitments shall be disregarded for purposes of this clause (ii)).

(d)[Reserved].

(e)Reimbursement. If an Issuing Lender shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall
reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the amount of such LC Disbursement not later than
the first Business Day following the date the Borrower receives notice from the Issuing Lender of such LC Disbursement; provided
that, in the case of any LC Disbursement, to the extent not reimbursed and, subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions
to borrowing set forth herein, including, without limitation, making a request in accordance with Section 2.03(a) that such payment shall
be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing, as the case may be, in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers
obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing; provided, further
that for purposes of determining the Revolving Loan Percentage of each Revolving Lender with respect to such ABR Revolving Borrowing,
such LC Disbursement shall not be deemed to be a Revolving Extension of Credit.

(f)Obligations Absolute. The Borrowers obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in Section 2.02(e) shall
be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and
all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement,
or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged,
fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the applicable
Issuing Lender under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other

52

document
that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar
to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.02, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide
a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders, nor the
applicable Issuing Lender, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection
with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of
the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery
of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing
thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable
Issuing Lender; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Lender from liability to the Borrower
to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower
to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Lenders failure to exercise
care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties
hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the applicable Issuing
Lender (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the applicable Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have exercised
care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that,
with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit,
the applicable Issuing Lender may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility
for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents
if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.

(g)Disbursement Procedures. The applicable Issuing Lender shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents
purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The applicable Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment, whether the applicable Issuing Lender has made
or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder and the amount of such LC Disbursement; provided that any failure to give or delay in
giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the applicable Issuing Lender with respect to any such
LC Disbursement in accordance with the terms herein.

(h)Interim Interest. If the applicable Issuing Lender shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse
(including by a Borrowing) such LC Disbursement in full not later than the first Business Day following the date such LC Disbursement
is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding
the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans; provided
that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse (including by a Borrowing) such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to Section 2.02(e), then Section
2.08 shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Lender.

53

(i)Replacement of the Issuing Lender. Any Issuing Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Lender and the successor Issuing Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving
Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay
all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 2.21. From and after the effective date of
any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Lender under this Agreement
with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Lender shall be
deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Lender, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Lenders, as the context
shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Lender hereunder, the replaced Issuing Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall
continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Lender under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by
it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit.

(j)Replacement of Letters of Credit; Cash Collateralization. The Borrower shall (i) upon or prior to the occurrence of the
earlier of (A) the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to all Revolving Commitments and (B) the acceleration of the Loans (if
any) and the termination of the Commitments in accordance with the terms hereof, (x) cause all Letters of Credit which expire after the
earlier to occur of (A) the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to all Revolving Commitments and (B) the acceleration of the
Loans (if any) and the termination of the Commitments in accordance with the terms hereof (the Outstanding Letters of Credit)
to be returned to the applicable Issuing Lender undrawn and marked cancelled or (y) if the Borrower does not do so in whole
or in part, either (A) provide one or more back-to-back letters of credit to each applicable Issuing Lender with respect
to any such Outstanding Letters of Credit in a form reasonably satisfactory to each such Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent,
issued by a bank satisfactory to each such Issuing Lender (in its sole discretion) and the Administrative Agent, and/or (B) deposit
cash in the Letter of Credit Account, as collateral security for the Borrowers reimbursement obligations in connection with any
such Outstanding Letters of Credit, such cash (or any applicable portion thereof) to be promptly remitted to the Borrower (provided no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) upon the expiration, cancellation or other termination or satisfaction of
the Borrowers reimbursement obligations with respect to such Outstanding Letters of Credit, in whole or in part, in an aggregate
principal amount for all such back-to-back letters of credit and any such Cash Collateralization equal to 100% of the then
outstanding amount of all LC Exposure (less the amount, if any, on deposit in the Letter of Credit Account prior to taking any action
pursuant to clauses (A) or (B) above), and (ii) if required pursuant to Section 2.02(m), 2.12(c), 2.12(d), 2.12(e), 2.12(g)(iii) or 7.01
or pursuant to any Extension Amendment, deposit in the Letter of Credit Account an amount required pursuant to Section 2.02(m), 2.12(c),
2.12(d), 2.12(e), 2.12(g)(iii) or 7.01, or pursuant to any such Extension Amendment, as applicable (any such deposit or provision of back-to-back
letters of credit described in the preceding clause (i) or clause (ii), Cash Collateralization (it being understood
that any LC Exposure shall be deemed to be Cash Collateralized only to the extent a deposit or provision of back-to-back
letters of credit as described above is made in an amount equal to 100% of the amount of such LC Exposure)). The Collateral Agent shall
have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Letter of Credit Account. Other than any interest
earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole

54

discretion
of the Collateral Agent (in accordance with its usual and customary practices for investments of this type) and at the Borrowers
risk and reasonable expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate
in such account and shall be paid to the Borrower on its request provided no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Collateral Agent to reimburse the applicable Issuing Lender for LC Disbursements for which
it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of
the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time. If the Borrower is required to provide Cash Collateralization hereunder pursuant to Section
2.02(m), 2.12(c), 2.12(d), 2.12(e) or 2.12(g)(iii) or the terms of any Extension Amendment, such Cash Collateralization (to the extent
not applied as contemplated by the applicable section) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after the applicable
section (or Extension Amendment) no longer requires the provision of such Cash Collateralization.

(k)Issuing Lender Agreements. Unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Lender shall report in writing
to the Administrative Agent (i) on the first Business Day of each week, the daily activity (set forth by day) in respect of Letters of
Credit during the immediately preceding week, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all expirations and cancellations
and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Lender expects to issue, amend,
renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, the aggregate face amount of the Letters
of Credit to be issued, amended, renewed, or extended by it (and whether, subject to Section 2.02(b), the face amount of any such Letter
of Credit was changed thereby) and the aggregate face amount of such Letters of Credit outstanding after giving effect to such issuance,
amendment, renewal or extension, (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Lender makes any LC Disbursement, the date of such LC
Disbursement and the amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement
required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Lender on such day, the date of such failure, and the amount of such LC Disbursement and (v)
on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.

(l)[Reserved].

(m)Provisions Related to Extended Revolving Commitments. If the maturity date in respect of any tranche of Revolving Commitments
of an Issuing Lender occurs prior to the expiration of any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender, then (i) if one or more other
tranches of Revolving Commitments of such Issuing Lender in respect of which the maturity date shall not have occurred are then in effect,
such Letters of Credit shall automatically be deemed to have been issued under such Issuing Lenders Revolving Commitments in respect
of such non-terminating tranches up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Issuing Lenders
unutilized Revolving Commitments thereunder at such time and (ii) to the extent not reallocated pursuant to the immediately preceding
clause (i), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize any such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.02(j). For the avoidance of doubt,
commencing with the maturity date of any tranche of Revolving Commitments of any Issuing Lender, the sublimit for Letters of Credit issued
by such Issuing Lender under any tranche of Revolving Commitments that has not so then matured shall be as agreed in the relevant Extension
Amendment with such Issuing Lender (to the extent such Extension Amendment so provides).

55

Section 2.03.Requests for Loans.

(a)Unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in connection with
making the initial Revolving Loans, to request a Revolving Loan, the Borrower shall
notify the Administrative Agent of such request by (i) telephone or (ii) by hand or by facsimile delivery of a written
Loan Request (A) in the case of a SOFR Loan, not later than 2:00 p.m., New
York City time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Loan and (B) in the case of an
ABR Loan, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date of the proposed Loan. Each such telephonic Loan request shall be
irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Request signed
by the Borrower. Each such telephonic Loan request and written Loan Request
shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.01(a):

(i)the aggregate amount of the requested Loan (which shall comply with Section 2.01(c));

(ii)the date of such Loan, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii)whether such Loan is to be an ABR Loan or a SOFR Loan; and

(iv)in the case of a SOFR Loan, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition
of the term Interest Period.

If no election as to the Type of Loan is specified,
then the requested Loan shall be an ABR Loan. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested SOFR Loan, then the Borrower
shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration.

(b)Promptly following receipt of a Loan Request in accordance with
this Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Revolving Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Revolving
Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Loan.

Section 2.04.Funding of Loans.

(a)Each Revolving Lender shall make each Revolving Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of
immediately available funds by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, or such earlier time as may be reasonably practicable, to the account of
the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions precedent specified herein, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the
amounts so received, in like funds, to an account designated by the Borrower in the applicable Loan
Request; provided that ABR Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.02(e)
shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Lender.

56

(b)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Loan (or, with respect
to any ABR Loan made on same-day notice, prior to 12:30 p.m., New York City time, on the date of such Loan) that such Lender will not
make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Loan, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender
has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section 2.04 and may, in reliance upon such assumption,
make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Loan
available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent
forthwith upon written demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is
made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the
greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules
on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate otherwise applicable to such Loan. If such Lender pays
such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Loan and the Borrower
shall not be obligated to repay such amount pursuant to the preceding sentence if not previously repaid.

Section 2.05.Interest Elections.

(a)The Borrower may elect from time to time to (i) convert ABR Loans to SOFR Loans, (ii) convert SOFR Loans to ABR Loans, provided
that any such conversion of SOFR Loans may be made only on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto or (iii) continue any
SOFR Loan as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto.

(b)To make an Interest Election Request pursuant to this Section 2.05, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such
election by telephone or by hand or facsimile delivery of a written Interest Election Request by the time that a Loan
Request would be required under Section 2.03(a) if the Borrower were requesting a Loan of the Type resulting from such election
to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed
promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in substantially the same form
as a Loan Request signed by the Borrower.

(c)Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.01:

(i)the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different
portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant
to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);

(ii)the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;

57

(iii)whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a SOFR Borrowing; and

(iv)if the resulting Borrowing is a SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election,
which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period.

If any such Interest Election Request requests
a SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one
months duration.

(d)Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof
and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing.

(e)If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest
Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing
shall be converted to a one month SOFR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, and upon the request of the Required Lenders, (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a SOFR Borrowing
and (ii) unless repaid, each SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.

Section 2.06.Limitation on SOFR Tranches. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all borrowings, conversions and
continuations of SOFR Loans and all selections of Interest Periods shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so
that, (a) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of the SOFR Loans comprising each SOFR Tranche shall be equal to
$1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (b) no more than twenty SOFR Tranches shall be outstanding at any one
time. 

Section 2.07.Interest on Loans.

(a)Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08, each ABR Loan shall bear interest (computed on the basis of the actual number of days
elapsed over a year of 365 days or 366 days in a leap year) at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin.

(b)Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08, each SOFR Loan shall bear interest (computed on the basis of the actual number of days
elapsed over a year of 360 days) at a rate per annum equal, during each Interest Period applicable thereto, to Adjusted Term SOFR for
such Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin.

(c)Accrued interest on all Loans shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto, on the Termination
Date with respect to such Loans and thereafter on written demand and upon any repayment or prepayment thereof (on the amount repaid or
prepaid); provided that in the event of any conversion of any SOFR Loan to an ABR Loan, accrued interest on such Loan shall be
payable on the effective date of such conversion.

58

Section 2.08.Default Interest. If the Borrower or any Guarantor, as the case
may be, shall default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Loan or in the payment of any other amount becoming due hereunder
(including, without limitation, the reimbursement pursuant to Section 2.02(e) of any LC Disbursements), whether at stated maturity, by
acceleration or otherwise, the Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be, shall on written demand of the Administrative Agent from
time to time pay interest, to the extent permitted by law, on all overdue amounts up to (but not including) the date of actual payment
(after as well as before judgment) at a rate per annum (computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360
days or, when the Alternate Base Rate is applicable, a year of 365 days or 366 days in a leap year) equal to (a) with respect to the principal
amount of any Loan, the rate then applicable for such Borrowings plus 2.0%, and (b) in the case of all other amounts, the rate applicable
for ABR Loans plus 2.0%.

Section 2.09.Automatic Reduction of Commitments.

(a)The Revolving Commitment of each Initial Revolving Lender shall automatically be reduced:

(i)on September 30, 2026 to the amount set forth under the heading Revolving Commitment opposite the relevant Initial
Revolving Lenders name in Annex A hereto under the heading Total Revolving Commitments as of September 30, 2026;
and

(ii)in accordance with Section 2.27(a) in connection with an increase in Revolving Commitments.

(b)Simultaneously with each reduction of the Revolving Commitment pursuant
to the terms of this Section 2.09, the Borrower shall (i) pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender the
Commitment Fee accrued and unpaid on the amount of the Revolving Commitment of such Revolving Lender so terminated or reduced through
the date thereof and (ii) any outstanding Letters of Credit issued by an Issuing Lender that results in the amount of such Issuing
Lenders Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding to exceed the Revolving Commitment (as so reduced) of such Revolving Lender
shall be reduced and cancelled (or Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section 2.02(j)) as necessary to ensure the portion (if any)
thereof outstanding and not Cash Collateralized does not exceed such Issuing Lenders Revolving Commitment (as so reduced).

(c)At no time shall the sum of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans plus the LC Exposure exceed
the Total Revolving Commitment.

Section 2.10.Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt.

(a)The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative
Agent for the ratable account of each Revolving Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan then outstanding on the
Revolving Facility Termination Date applicable to such Revolving Loan.

59

(b)Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower
to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to
such Lender from time to time hereunder.

(c)The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type
thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and
payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount
of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. The Borrower
shall have the right, upon reasonable notice, to request information regarding the accounts referred to in the preceding sentence.

(d)The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section 2.10 shall be prima facie evidence
of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative
Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower
to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(e)Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower
shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender and its registered assigns in a form furnished
by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower.
Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to
Section 10.02) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to such payee and its registered assigns.

Section 2.11.Optional Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments.

(a)Upon at least one (1) Business Day revocable prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may at any time in
whole permanently terminate a Total Revolving Commitment (subject to compliance with Section 2.12(e)),
or from time to time in part permanently reduce the Unused Total Revolving Commitment. Each such reduction of the Unused Total Revolving
Commitment shall be in the principal amount not less than $1,000,000 and in an integral multiple of $1,000,000. 

(b)Simultaneously with each reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitment, the Borrower shall (i) pay to the Administrative
Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender the Commitment Fee accrued and unpaid on the amount of the Revolving Commitment of such
Revolving Lender so terminated or reduced through the date thereof and (ii) any outstanding Letters of Credit issued by an Issuing
Lender that results in the amount of such Issuing Lenders Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding to exceed the Revolving
Commitment (as so reduced) of such Revolving Lender shall be reduced and cancelled (or Cash Collateralized in accordance with Section
2.02(j)) as necessary to ensure the portion (if any) thereof outstanding and not Cash Collateralized does not exceed such Issuing Lenders
Revolving Commitment (as so reduced). Any reduction of the Unused Total Revolving
Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall be applied to reduce the Revolving Commitments of each Revolving Lender on a pro rata basis.

60

Section 2.12.Mandatory Prepayment of Loans; Commitment Termination; Change of Control Offer; Merger Prepayment Offer.

(a)Within five (5) Business Days of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries receiving any Net Proceeds as a result of a Collateral
Sale or a Recovery Event in respect of Revolving Priority Collateral, if the Borrower
shall not be in compliance with Section 6.09(a) on the date such Net Proceeds are received, the Borrower shall deposit cash in
an amount (the Net Proceeds Amount) equal to the amount of such received Net Proceeds (solely to the extent necessary
to maintain compliance with Section 6.09(a)) into the Collateral Proceeds Account that is maintained with the Collateral Agent for such
purpose and subject to an Account Control Agreement and thereafter such Net Proceeds Amount shall be applied (to the extent not otherwise
applied pursuant to the immediately succeeding proviso and solely to the extent the Borrower
is not in compliance with Section 6.09(a)) in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.12(c); provided that (i) the
Borrower may use such Net Proceeds Amount to replace with Qualified Replacement
Assets or, solely in the case of any Net Proceeds Amount in respect of any Recovery Event, repair the assets which are the subject of
such Recovery Event or Collateral Sale within 365 days after such deposit is made, (ii) all such Net Proceeds Amounts shall be subject
to release as provided in Section 6.09(c) or, at the option of the Borrower at
any time, may be applied in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.12(c), and (iii) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default,
the amount of any such deposit may be applied by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.12(c); provided further
that any release of any Net Proceeds Amount pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 2.12(a) shall be conditioned on the Borrower
being in compliance with Section 6.09(a) after giving effect thereto (it being understood that the failure to be in compliance
with Section 6.09(a) shall not prevent the release of any Net Proceeds Amount in connection with any repair or replacement of assets permitted
hereunder so long as no decrease in the Collateral Coverage Ratio will result therefrom).

(b)The Borrower shall prepay the Revolving Loans (without any corresponding
reduction in Revolving Commitments) when and in an amount necessary to comply with Section 6.09.

(c)Amounts required to be applied to the prepayment of Loans pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and (b) shall be applied to prepay the outstanding
Revolving Loans (and to provide Cash Collateralization for the outstanding LC Exposure following the repayment of all outstanding Revolving
Loans) in an amount necessary to comply with Section 6.09, in each case as directed by the Borrower.
Such prepayments of Revolving Loans (and Cash Collateralization of the outstanding LC Exposure) shall not result in a corresponding permanent
reduction in the Revolving Commitments. Any Cash Collateralization of outstanding LC Exposure shall be consummated in accordance with
Section 2.02(j). The application of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be made, first, to ABR Loans and, second,
to SOFR Loans.

(d)If at any time the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit for any reason exceed the Total Revolving Commitment at such time including,
without limitation, upon a reduction of the Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 2.09, the Borrower
shall prepay Revolving Loans

61

on a pro
rata basis in an amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. If, after giving effect to the prepayment of all outstanding Revolving Loans,
the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit exceed the Total Revolving Commitment then in effect, the Borrower
shall Cash Collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit to the extent of such excess.

(e)Upon the Revolving Facility Termination Date applicable to any Revolving Commitment, such Revolving Commitment shall be terminated
in full and the Borrower shall repay the applicable Revolving Loans in
full and, except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree in writing, if any Letter of Credit remains outstanding, comply with
Section 2.02(j) in accordance therewith.

(f)All prepayments under this Section 2.12 shall be accompanied by accrued but unpaid interest on the principal amount being prepaid
to (but not including) the date of prepayment, plus any accrued and unpaid Fees and any losses, costs and expenses, as more fully described
in Section 2.15 hereof.

(g)Unless otherwise prepaid in accordance with Section 2.12 or 2.13 hereof, and subject to the next sentence, upon the occurrence
of a Change of Control, each Lender shall have the right to require the Borrower to prepay pursuant to clause (iii) below all or part
of such Lenders Loans at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, to the date of prepayment, to discharge all or part of such Lenders LC Exposure (if any) and to terminate all or part of such
Lenders unused Revolving Commitment in accordance with this Section 2.12. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not
be required to make a Change of Control Offer in connection with the occurrence of a Change of Control if, upon direction of the Borrower,
a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth
in this Section 2.12(g) applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Borrower and purchases all Loans validly surrendered and not
withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer and the Borrower otherwise complies with this Section 2.12(g).

(i)Within 15 days following the occurrence of any Change of Control, the Borrower shall provide a written notice to the Administrative
Agent and each Lender containing the following information (such notice, a Change of Control Offer):

(A)that a Change of Control has occurred and that such Lender has the right to require Borrower to repay such Lenders Loans
at a prepayment price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase,
to discharge its LC Exposure by Cash Collateralizing such LC Exposure and to terminate such Lenders unused Revolving Commitment;

(B)the date of prepayment, LC Exposure discharge and unused Revolving Commitment termination (the Change of Control Prepayment
Date) (which shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days following the date such notice is mailed); and

62

(C)a statement that any Lender wishing to have its Loans repaid, LC Exposure discharged and unused Revolving Commitment terminated
pursuant to such Change of Control Offer must comply with Section 2.12(g)(ii).

A Change of Control Offer may be made
in advance of a Change of Control, and conditioned upon such Change of Control occurring, if a definitive agreement is in place for the
Change of Control at the time of making the Change of Control Offer.

(ii)In order to accept any Change of Control Offer, a Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing at its address for notices
contained in this Agreement prior to 12:00 noon, New York time, on the Business Day next preceding the Change of Control Prepayment Date
with respect to such Change of Control Offer (the Change of Control Election Time) of such Lenders election
to require the Borrower to prepay all or a specified portion of such Lenders Loans, to discharge all or a specified portion of
such Lenders LC Exposure and to terminate all or a specified portion of such Lenders unused Revolving Commitment pursuant
to such Change of Control Offer (which, in the case of any election to require less than all of such Lenders Loans to be prepaid,
less than all of such Lenders LC Exposure to be discharged and less than all such Lenders unused Revolving Commitment to
be terminated in such Change of Control Offer, shall be, taken together, in a minimum principal amount of $5,000,000 or an integral multiple
of $1,000,000 in excess thereof) and the principal amount of such Lenders Loans to be prepaid, the amount of such Lenders
LC Exposure to be discharged and the amount of such Lenders unused Revolving Commitment to be terminated each shall be in the same
proportion of such Lenders total Loans, total LC Exposure and total unused Revolving Commitment, respectively), and shall specify
the amount of such Lenders Loans which such Lender requests be prepaid, amount of such Lenders LC Exposure which such Lender
requests be discharged and amount of unused Revolving Commitment to be terminated in such Change of Control Offer. In order to validly
withdraw any election with respect to any Put Exposure in any Change of Control Offer, the Lender holding such Put Exposure shall notify
the Administrative Agent in writing at its address for notices contained in this Agreement prior to the Change of Control Election Time
of such Lenders election to withdraw such Put Exposure from such Change of Control Offer, which notification shall include a copy
of such Lenders previous notification electing to have its Put Exposure prepaid, discharged or terminated in such Change of Control
Offer and shall state that such election is withdrawn. All such prepayments of such Lenders Loans and discharge of such Lenders
LC Exposure shall automatically result in a corresponding permanent reduction in such Lenders Revolving Commitments. The Administrative
Agent shall from time to time, upon request by the Borrower, advise the Borrower of the amount of Put Exposure with respect to any Change
of Control Offer.

(iii)If as of the Change of Control Election Time there is any Put Exposure as to which the election to accept the Change of Control
Offer has not been withdrawn pursuant to Section 2.12(g)(ii), prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Prepayment Date the
Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent the aggregate amount payable with respect to such Put Exposure pursuant to Section 2.12(g)(i)(A).
The Administrative Agent shall apply such funds to repay the Loans included in such Put Exposure and to Cash-Collateralize the LC Exposure
included in the Put Exposure. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall recalculate the Revolving Commitment Percentage of each Lender
after giving effect to such Change of Control Offer and give written notice thereof to the Borrower and each Lender.

63

(h)Unless otherwise prepaid in accordance with Section 2.12 or 2.13 hereof, upon the occurrence of an Airline Merger, each Lender
shall have the right to require the Borrower to prepay pursuant to clause (iii) below all or part of such Lenders Loans at a prepayment
price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of prepayment, to discharge
all or part of such Lenders LC Exposure (if any) and to terminate all or part of such Lenders unused Revolving Commitment
in accordance with this Section 2.12.

(i)Within 15 days following the occurrence of such Airline Merger, the Borrower shall provide a written notice to the Administrative
Agent and each Lender containing the following information (such notice, a Merger Prepayment Offer):

(A)that such Airline Merger has occurred and that such Lender has the right to require Borrower to repay such Lenders Loans
at a prepayment price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase,
to discharge its LC Exposure by Cash Collateralizing such LC Exposure and to terminate such Lenders unused Revolving Commitment;

(ii)the date of prepayment, LC Exposure discharge and unused Revolving Commitment termination (the Merger Prepayment Date),
which shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days following the date such notice is mailed; and

(iii)a statement that any Lender wishing to have its Loans repaid, LC Exposure discharged and unused Revolving Commitment terminated
pursuant to such Merger Prepayment Offer must comply with Section 2.12(h)(ii).

A Merger Prepayment Offer may be made
in advance of the occurrence of an Airline Merger, and conditioned upon such Airline Merger occurring.

(i)In order to accept any Merger Prepayment Offer, a Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing at its address for notices
contained in this Agreement prior to 12:00 noon, New York time, on the Business Day next preceding the Merger Prepayment Date with respect
to such Merger Prepayment Offer (the Merger Election Time) of such Lenders election to require the Borrower
to prepay all or a specified portion of such Lenders Loans, to discharge all or a specified portion of such Lenders LC Exposure
and to terminate all or a specified portion of such Lenders unused Revolving Commitment pursuant to such Merger Prepayment Offer
(which, in the case of any election to require less than all of such Lenders Loans to be prepaid, less than all of such Lenders
LC Exposure to be discharged and less than all such Lenders unused Revolving Commitment to be terminated in such Merger Prepayment
Offer, shall be,

64

taken together,
in a minimum principal amount of $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof), and shall specify the amount of
such Lenders Loans which such Lender requests be prepaid, amount of such Lenders LC Exposure which such Lender requests
be discharged and amount of unused Revolving Commitment to be terminated in such Merger Prepayment Offer. In order to validly withdraw
any election with respect to any Put Exposure in any Merger Prepayment Offer, the Lender holding such Put Exposure shall notify the Administrative
Agent in writing at its address for notices contained in this Agreement prior to the Merger Election Time of such Lenders election
to withdraw such Put Exposure from such Merger Prepayment Offer, which notification shall include a copy of such Lenders previous
notification electing to have its Put Exposure prepaid, discharged or terminated in such Merger Prepayment Offer and shall state that
such election is withdrawn. All such prepayments of such Lenders Loans and discharge of such Lenders LC Exposure shall
automatically result in a corresponding permanent reduction in such Lenders Revolving Commitments. The Administrative Agent shall
from time to time, upon request by the Borrower, advise the Borrower of the amount of Put Exposure with respect to any Merger Prepayment
Offer.

(ii)If as of the Merger Election Time there is any Put Exposure as to which the election to accept the Merger Prepayment Offer has
not been withdrawn pursuant to Section 2.12(h)(ii), prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Prepayment Date, the Borrower shall
pay to the Administrative Agent the aggregate amount payable with respect to such Put Exposure pursuant to Section 2.12(h)(i)(A).
The Administrative Agent shall apply such funds to repay the Loans included in such Put Exposure and to Cash-Collateralize the LC Exposure
included in the Put Exposure. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall recalculate the Revolving Commitment Percentage of each Lender
after giving effect to such Merger Prepayment Offer and give written notice thereof to the Borrower and each Lender.

Section 2.13.Optional Prepayment of Loans.

(a)The Borrower shall have the right, at any time and from time to time, to prepay any Loans, in whole or in part, (i) with respect
to SOFR Loans, upon (A) telephonic notice (followed promptly by written or facsimile notice) or (B) written or facsimile notice, in any
case received by 1:00 p.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed date of prepayment and (ii) with respect
to ABR Loans, upon written or facsimile notice received by 1:00 p.m., New York City time, one Business Day prior to the proposed date
of prepayment; provided that ABR Loans may be prepaid on the same day notice is given if such notice is received by the Administrative
Agent by 12:00 noon, New York City time; provided further, however, that (A) each such partial prepayment shall be in an amount
not less than $1,000,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000,000 in the case of SOFR Loans and integral multiples of $100,000 in the case
of ABR Loans, (B) no prepayment of SOFR Loans shall be permitted pursuant to this Section 2.13(a) other than on the last day of an Interest
Period applicable thereto unless such prepayment is accompanied by the payment of the amounts described in Section 2.15, and (C) no partial
prepayment of a SOFR Tranche shall result in the aggregate principal amount of the SOFR Loans remaining outstanding pursuant to such SOFR
Tranche being less than $1,000,000.

65

(b)Any prepayments under Section 2.13(a) shall be applied to repay the outstanding Revolving Loans of the Revolving Lenders (without
any reduction in the Total Revolving Commitment) as the Borrower shall specify until all Revolving Loans shall have been paid in full
(plus any accrued but unpaid interest and fees thereon). All prepayments under Section 2.13(a) shall be accompanied by accrued but unpaid
interest on the principal amount being prepaid to (but not including) the date of prepayment, plus any Fees and any losses, costs and
expenses, as more fully described in Section 2.15 hereof.

(c)Each notice of prepayment shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of the Loans to be prepaid and, in the case of
SOFR Loans, the Borrowing or Borrowings pursuant to which made, shall be irrevocable and shall commit the Borrower to prepay such Loan
by the amount and on the date stated therein; provided that the Borrower may revoke any notice of prepayment under this Section
2.13 if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of any or all of the Obligations hereunder, which refinancing shall not
be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed. The Administrative Agent shall, promptly after receiving notice from the Borrower hereunder,
notify each Lender of the principal amount of the Loans held by such Lender which are to be prepaid, the prepayment date and the manner
of application of the prepayment.

Section 2.14.Increased Costs.

(a)If any Change in Law shall:

(i)impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against
assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or Issuing Lender (except any such reserve requirement
subject to Section 2.14(c)); or

(ii)impose on any Lender or Issuing Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting
this Agreement or SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit issued hereunder;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be
to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining any SOFR Loan (or of maintaining its obligation
to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Issuing Lender of issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the
amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Lender hereunder with respect to any SOFR Loan or Letter of Credit
(whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then, upon the request of such Lender or Issuing Lender, the Borrower will pay to such
Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the
case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b)If any Lender or Issuing Lender reasonably determines in good faith that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or Issuing Lender
or such Lenders or Issuing Lenders holding company regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect
of

66

reducing
the rate of return on such Lenders or Issuing Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders or Issuing Lenders
holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the SOFR Loans made by such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by
such Issuing Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Lender or such Lenders or Issuing Lenders holding
company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or Issuing Lenders policies
and the policies of such Lenders or Issuing Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to
time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts, in each case as documented
by such Lender or Issuing Lender to the Borrower as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Lender or such Lenders or Issuing Lenders
holding company for any such reduction suffered; it being understood that to the extent duplicative of the provisions in Section 2.16,
this Section 2.14(b) shall not apply to Taxes.

(c)[Reserved].

(d)A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing
Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.14 and the basis for calculating
such amount or amounts shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be prima facie evidence of the amount due. The Borrower shall
pay such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, the amount due within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such certificate.

(e)Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall not constitute
a waiver of such Lenders or Issuing Lenders right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not
be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Lender pursuant to this Section 2.14 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more
than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving
rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or Issuing Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor;
provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day
period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. The protection of this Section 2.14 shall
be available to each Lender regardless of any possible contention as to the invalidity or inapplicability of the law, rule, regulation,
guideline or other change or condition which shall have occurred or been imposed.

(f)The Borrower shall not be required to make payments under this Section 2.14 to any Lender or Issuing Lender if (A) a claim hereunder
arises solely through circumstances peculiar to such Lender or Issuing Lender and which do not affect commercial banks in the jurisdiction
of organization of such Lender or Issuing Lender generally, (B) the claim arises out of a voluntary relocation by such Lender or Issuing
Lender of its applicable Lending Office (it being understood that any such relocation effected pursuant to Section 2.18 is not voluntary),
or (C) such Lender or Issuing Lender is not seeking similar compensation for such costs to which it is entitled from its borrowers generally
in commercial loans of a similar size.

(g)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, regulations, requests, rules, guidelines or directives implemented after the Closing
Date pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall

67

Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act shall be deemed to be a Change in Law; provided however, that any determination by a Lender or Issuing
Lender of amounts owed pursuant to this Section 2.14 to such Lender or Issuing Lender due to any such Change in Law shall be made in
good faith in a manner generally consistent with such Lenders or Issuing Lenders standard practice.

Section 2.15.Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any
principal of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of the occurrence
and continuance of an Event of Default), (b) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any SOFR Loan on the date specified in
any notice delivered pursuant hereto, or (c) the assignment (or reallocation) of any SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest
Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant
to Section 2.18, 2.27(d) or 10.08(d), then, in any such event, at the request of such Lender, the Borrower shall
compensate such Lender for the loss, cost and expense sustained by such Lender attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender
setting forth any amount or amounts (and the basis for requesting such amount or amounts) that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant
to this Section 2.15 shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be prima
facie evidence of the amount due. The Borrower shall pay such Lender
the amount due within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such certificate.

Section 2.16.Taxes.

(a)Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor hereunder or under any other Loan Document
shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that if any Indemnified
Taxes or Other Taxes are required to be withheld from any amounts payable to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Lender,
as determined in good faith by the applicable Withholding Agent, then (i) the sum payable by the Borrower or applicable Guarantor shall
be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including deductions
for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.16), the Administrative Agent, Lender,
Issuing Lender or any other recipient of such payments (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received
had no such deductions been made, (ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall make such deductions and (iii) the applicable Withholding
Agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

(b)In addition, but without duplication, the Borrower or any Guarantor, as applicable, shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental
Authority in accordance with applicable law or, at the option of the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion), reimburse the Administrative
Agent for its payment of Other Taxes on behalf of the Borrower or any Guarantor, as applicable.

(c)The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Lender, within ten (10) days after written
demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by or on behalf of or withheld or deducted from payments
owing to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Lender, as the case

68

may be,
on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor hereunder or under any other Loan
Document (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.16)
and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes
or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of
such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or Issuing Lender, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or
on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d)As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing
such payment to the extent available, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent.

(e)Each Lender shall, within ten (10) days after written demand therefor, indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent the Administrative
Agent has not been reimbursed by the Borrower) for the full amount of any Taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority that are attributable
to such Lender and that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent, together with all interest, penalties, reasonable costs and expenses
arising therefrom or with respect thereto, as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith. A certificate as to the amount of
such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(f)Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which
the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver
to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law and as reasonably requested
by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or requested by the Borrower as will
permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate; provided that a Foreign Lender shall not be required
to deliver any documentation pursuant to this Section 2.16(f) that such Foreign Lender is not legally able to deliver.

(g)(1) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter when
the previously delivered certificates and/or forms expire, or upon request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) whichever of the
following is applicable:

(i) two
(2) duly executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E, claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which
the United States of America is a party,

(ii) two
(2) duly executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI,

69

(iii) two
(2) duly executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, together with applicable attachments,

(iv) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate
to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10
percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, (C) a controlled foreign corporation
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code or (D) conducting a trade or business in the United States with which the relevant interest
payments are effectively connected and (y) two (2) duly executed originals of the Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E, or

(v) any
other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States federal withholding tax
and reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or required deduction
to be made.

A Foreign Lender shall not be required to deliver
any form or statement pursuant to this Section 2.16(g) that such Foreign Lender is not legally able to deliver.

(2)Any Lender that is a United States Person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) shall deliver
to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from
time to time thereafter when the previously delivered certificates and/or forms expire, or upon request of the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent), two (2) copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form), properly completed and duly executed by such Lender,
certifying that such Lender is entitled to an exemption from United States backup withholding tax.

(3)If a payment made to a Lender under this Agreement or any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed
by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section
1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or
times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation
prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with
its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has or has not complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or
to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.

(h)If the Administrative Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other
Taxes from the Governmental Authority to which such Taxes or Other Taxes were paid and as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower
or a Guarantor or with respect to which the Borrower or a Guarantor has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.16, it shall
pay over such refund to the Borrower or such Guarantor (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid,
by the Borrower

70

or such
Guarantor under this Section 2.16 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses
of the Administrative Agent or such Lender incurred in obtaining such refund (including Taxes imposed with respect to such refund) and
without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided that
the Borrower or such Guarantor, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to
the Borrower or such Guarantor (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the
Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental
Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be
required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph (h) if, and then only to the extent, the payment of such amount
would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent or such
Lender would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This
Section shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information
relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person.

Section 2.17.Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment.

(a)The Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or
reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.14 or 2.15, or otherwise) prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time,
on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date
may, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for
purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 388 Greenwich
Street, New York, NY 10013, pursuant to wire instructions to be provided by the Administrative Agent, except payments to be made directly
to an Issuing Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.14, 2.15 and 10.04 shall be made directly
to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other
Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business
Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest
thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars.

(b)If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all Obligations then due
hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of Fees and expenses then due under Sections 2.19 and 10.04 payable
to each Agent, (ii) second, towards payment of Fees and expenses then due under Sections 2.20, 2.21 and 10.04 payable to the Lenders
and the Issuing Lenders and towards payment of interest then due on account of the Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit, ratably among
the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of such Fees and expenses and interest then due to such parties, (iii) third,
towards payment of (A) principal of the Revolving Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, and (B) any Designated Hedging

71

Obligations
then due, to the extent such Designated Hedging Obligations constitute Obligations hereunder, ratably among the parties
entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements and Designated Hedging Obligations constituting
Obligations then due to such parties and (iv) fourth, towards payment of any Designated Banking Product Obligations then due,
to the extent such Designated Banking Product Obligations constitute Obligations hereunder. Excluded Swap Obligations with
respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets, but appropriate adjustment shall
be made with respect to payments from the Borrower or other Guarantors to preserve the allocations to Obligations otherwise set forth
above in this Section 2.17(b).

(c)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the
Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon
such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the applicable Issuing Lender, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the
Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the applicable Issuing Lender, as the case may be, severally agrees
to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Lender with interest thereon,
for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent,
at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry
rules on interbank compensation.

(d)If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(a), 2.04(b), 8.04 or 10.04(d),
then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received
by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations under such Sections until all such
unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.

Section 2.18.Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a)If the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender under Section 2.14 or to any Lender or any Governmental
Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different
lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder, to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches
or affiliates, to file any certificate or document reasonably requested by the Borrower or to take other reasonable measures, if, in the
judgment of such Lender, such designation, assignment, filing or other measures (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant
to Section 2.14 or 2.16, as the case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would
not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender
in connection with any such designation or assignment. Nothing in this Section 2.18 shall affect or postpone any of the obligations of
the Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16.

72

(b)If, after the Closing Date, any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14 or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional
amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, or any Lender gives notice
that it is the subject of an Illegality Event pursuant to Section 2.29, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower
may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, (i) terminate such Lenders Revolving
Commitment, prepay such Lenders outstanding Loans and provide Cash Collateralization for such Lenders LC Exposure or (ii) require
such Lender to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 10.02), all its interests,
rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if
a Lender accepts such assignment), in any case as of a Business Day specified in such notice from the Borrower; provided that (i)
such terminated or assigning Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued
interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts due, owing and payable to it hereunder at the time of such termination or assignment,
from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees in the case of an assignment) or the Borrower
(in the case of all other amounts) and (ii) in the case of an assignment due to payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.16,
such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments.

Section 2.19.Certain Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent
the fees set forth in the Administrative Agent Fee Letter, in each case at the times set forth therein.

Section 2.20.Commitment Fee and Other Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative
Agent for the accounts of the Revolving Lenders a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee) for the period commencing on
the Closing Date to the Revolving Facility Termination Date with respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments or the earlier date of
termination of the applicable Revolving Commitment, computed (on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days)
at the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily Unused Total Revolving Commitment. Such Commitment Fee, to the extent then accrued, shall
be payable quarterly in arrears (a) on the 15th Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December, (b) on the
Revolving Facility Termination Date with respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments, and (c) as provided in Section 2.11 hereof,
upon any reduction or termination in whole or in part of the Total Revolving Commitment.

Section 2.21.Letter of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay with respect to each
Letter of Credit (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Lender a fee calculated (on the basis of the
actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days) at the per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin then in effect with respect
to SOFR Loans under the Revolving Facility on the daily average LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed
LC Disbursements) with respect to such Letter of Credit and (ii) to each Issuing Lender (with respect to each Letter of Credit issued
by it), such Issuing Lenders customary and reasonable fees as may be agreed by the Issuing Lender and the Borrower for issuance,
amendments and processing referred to in Section 2.02. In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay each Issuing Lender for its account a fronting
fee of 0.125 % per annum, up to a maximum amount of $1,000 per annum per Letter of Credit, in respect of each Letter of Credit issued
by such Issuing Lender, for the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of 

73

Credit to and including the
date of termination of such Letter of Credit. Accrued fees described in this paragraph in respect of each Letter of Credit shall be due
and payable quarterly in arrears on the 15th Business Day following the end of each March, June, September and December and on the Revolving
Facility Termination Date with respect to the applicable Revolving Commitments. So long as no Event of Default has occurred, fees accruing
on any Letter of Credit outstanding after the applicable Revolving Facility Termination Date shall be payable quarterly in the manner
described in the immediately preceding sentence and on the date of expiration or termination of any such Letter of Credit.

Section 2.22.Nature of Fees. All Fees shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately
available funds, to the Administrative Agent, as provided herein and in the fee letters described in Section 2.19. Once paid, none of
the Fees shall be refundable under any circumstances.

Section 2.23.Right of Set-Off. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of any Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), each Agent, and each Lender (and their respective banking Affiliates) are hereby
authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general
or special, time or demand, provisional or final but excluding deposits in the Escrow Accounts, Payroll Accounts and other accounts, in
each case, held in trust for an identified beneficiary) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent and each
such Lender (or any of such banking Affiliates) to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any Guarantor against any and all
of any such overdue amounts owing under the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall
have made any demand under any Loan Document; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender exercises any such right of
setoff, (x) all amounts so set off will be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with
the provisions of Section 2.26(d) and, pending such payment, will be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed
held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders and the Revolving Lenders and (y) the Defaulting Lender
will provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting
Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
after any such set-off and application made by such Lender (or any of such banking Affiliates) and the Administrative Agent agrees promptly
to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application made by it (or any of its banking Affiliates), as the case may be, provided
that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of each Lender and each
Agent under this Section 2.23 are in addition to other rights and remedies which such Lender and such Agent may have upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of any Event of Default.

Section 2.24.Security Interest in Letter of Credit Account. The Borrower hereby
pledges to the Collateral Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, and hereby grants to the Collateral
Agent, for its benefit and for the benefit of the other Secured Parties, a first priority security interest, senior to all other Liens,
if any, in all of the Borrowers right, title and interest in and to the Letter of Credit Account, any direct investment of the
funds contained therein and any proceeds thereof. Cash held in the Letter of Credit Account shall not be available for use by the Borrower,
and shall be released to the Borrower only as described in Section 2.02(j).

74

Section 2.25.Payment of Obligations. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.01,
upon the maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) of any of the Obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
of the Borrower, the Lenders shall be entitled to immediate payment of such Obligations.

Section 2.26.Defaulting Lenders.

(a)If at any time any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, on ten (10) Business Days prior written notice
to the Administrative Agent and such Lender, replace such Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign
pursuant to Section 10.02(b) (with the assignment fee to be waived in such instance and subject to any consents required by such Section)
all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more assignees; provided that neither the Administrative Agent
nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a replacement Lender or other such Person.

(b)Any Lender being replaced pursuant to Section 2.26(a) shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance with respect to
such Lenders outstanding Commitments and Loans, and (ii) deliver any documentation evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent. Pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, (A) the assignee Lender shall acquire all or a portion, as specified
by the Borrower and such assignee, of the assigning Lenders outstanding Commitments and Loans, (B) all obligations of the Borrower
owing to the assigning Lender relating to the Commitments and Loans so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender to such assigning
Lender concurrently with such Assignment and Acceptance (including, without limitation, any amounts owed under Section 2.15 due to such
replacement occurring on a day other than the last day of an Interest Period), and (C) upon such payment and, if so requested by the assignee
Lender, delivery to the assignee Lender of the appropriate documentation executed by the Borrower in connection with previous Borrowings,
the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect
to such assigned Commitments and Loans, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as
to such assigning Lender; provided that an assignment contemplated by this Section 2.26(b) shall become effective notwithstanding
the failure by the Lender being replaced to deliver the Assignment and Acceptance contemplated by this Section 2.26(b), so long as the
other actions specified in this Section 2.26(b) shall have been taken.

(c)Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if a Revolving Lender becomes, and during the period it remains, a Defaulting
Lender, during such period, such Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to any fees accruing during such period pursuant to Section 2.20
(without prejudice to the rights of the Non-Defaulting Lenders in respect of such fees).

(d)Any amount paid by the Borrower or otherwise received by the Administrative Agent for the account of a Defaulting Lender under
this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity payments or other amounts) will not be paid or distributed
to such Defaulting Lender, but shall instead be retained by the Administrative Agent in a segregated account until (subject to Section
2.26(f)) the termination of the Revolving Commitments and payment in full of all obligations of the Borrower hereunder and will be applied
by the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to the making of payments from time to time in the following order
of priority:

75

first,
to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent,

second, to
the payment of the default interest and then current interest due and payable to the Revolving Lenders which are Non-Defaulting Lenders
hereunder, ratably among them in accordance with the amounts of such interest then due and payable to them,

third, to
the payment of fees then due and payable to the Non-Defaulting Lenders hereunder, ratably among them in accordance with the amounts of
such fees then due and payable to them,

fourth, to
the ratable payment of other amounts then due and payable to the Non-Defaulting Lenders, and

fifth, after
the termination of the Revolving Commitments and payment in full of all obligations of the Borrower hereunder, to pay amounts owing under
this Agreement to such Defaulting Lender or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct.

(e)The Borrower may terminate the unused amount of the Commitment of any Lender that is a Defaulting Lender upon not less than ten
(10) Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Revolving Lenders thereof), and in
such event the provisions of Section 2.26(d) will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting
Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts), provided that (i) no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) such termination shall not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any
claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender.

(f)If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Revolving Lender that is a Defaulting Lender should no longer
be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the Revolving Lenders, whereupon as of the effective date
specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, such Revolving Lender shall purchase at par such portions of
outstanding Revolving Loans of the other Revolving Lenders, and/or make such other adjustments, as the Administrative Agent may determine
to be necessary to cause the Revolving Lenders to hold Revolving Loans on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective Revolving
Commitments, whereupon such Revolving Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender and will be a Non-Defaulting Lender; provided
that no adjustments shall be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued while such Revolving Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and
provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from
Defaulting Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such
Revolving Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

76

(g)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (x) any Lender that is an Issuing Lender hereunder may not be replaced in its
capacity as an Issuing Lender at any time that it has a Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory
to such Issuing Lender have been made with respect to such outstanding Letters of Credit and (y) the Administrative Agent may not be replaced
hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 8.05.

Section 2.27.Increase in Commitment.

(a)Borrowing Request. The Borrower
may by written notice to the Administrative Agent request, prior to the then latest Revolving Facility Maturity Date, an increase to
the existing Revolving Commitments; providedthat
after giving effect to such increase, the Total Revolving Commitments shall not exceed $300,000,000; provided
furtherthat, with respect to any such increase that occurs prior to September 30, 2026,
the amount of such increase resulting from Revolving Commitments of New Lenders in excess of $25,000,000 shall be offset by a decrease
of the Revolving Commitments of the Initial Revolving Lenders, on a pro rata basis, in an amount equal to the amount of such increase
in excess of $25,000,000 concurrently with such new Commitment. Such notice shall specify (i) the date (each, an Increase
Effective Date) on which the Borrower proposes that the increased Commitments
shall be effective, which shall be a date not less than ten (10) Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the
Administrative Agent and (ii) the identity of each Eligible Assignee to whom the Borrower proposes any portion of such increased Commitments
be allocated (each, a New Lender)
and the amounts of such allocations; providedthat
any existing Lender approached to provide all or a portion of the increased Commitments may elect or decline, in its sole discretion,
to provide such increased Commitment.

(b)Conditions. The increased Commitments
shall become effective, as of such Increase Effective Date providedthat:

(i)each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall be satisfied on or prior to
such Increase Effective Date;

(ii)no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from giving
effect to the increased Commitments on such Increase Effective Date;

(iii)after giving pro forma effect to the increased Commitments to be made on such Increase Effective Date, the Borrower shall be in
pro forma compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 6.09(a); 

(iv)each increase shall be in a minimum amount of no less than $5,000,000 or a larger multiple
of $5,000,000 in excess thereof; and

(v)the Borrower shall deliver or cause to be delivered any legal opinions or other documents
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with any such transaction.

(c)Terms of Revolving Loans and Commitments.
The terms and provisions of Revolving Loans made pursuant to the increased Commitments shall be identical to the 

77

Revolving
Loans. The increased Commitments shall be effected by a joinder agreement (the Increase
Joinder) executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and
each Lender making such increased Commitment, in form and substance satisfactory to each of them. The Increase Joinder may, without the
consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate,
in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.27. In addition, unless otherwise specifically
provided herein, all references in the Loan Documents to Revolving Loans shall be deemed, unless the context otherwise requires, to include
references to Revolving Loans made pursuant to any increased Revolving Commitments made pursuant to this Agreement.

(d)Adjustment of Revolving Loans.
Each of the existing Revolving Lenders shall assign to each of the applicable New Lenders, and each of the New Lenders shall purchase
from each of the existing Revolving Lenders, at the principal amount thereof (together with accrued interest), such interests in the
Revolving Loans outstanding on such Increase Effective Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments
and purchases, such Revolving Loans will be held by the existing Lenders and New Lenders ratably in accordance with their Revolving Commitments
after giving effect to the increased Revolving Commitments on such Increase Effective Date; provided
that no such reallocation shall result in any Issuing Lender having Revolving Extensions
of Credit greater than its Revolving Commitment. If there is a new Borrowing of Revolving Loans on such Increase Effective Date, the
Revolving Lenders after giving effect to such Increase Effective Date shall make such Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.01(a).
Any amounts owed under Section 2.15 due to a reallocation of SOFR Loans pursuant to this Section 2.27(d) occurring on a day other
than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto shall be payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15.

(e)Equal and Ratable Benefit. The
Revolving Loans and Commitments established pursuant to this paragraph shall constitute Revolving Loans and Commitments under, and shall
be entitled to all the benefits afforded by, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and shall, without limiting the foregoing, benefit
equally and ratably from the security interests created by the Collateral Documents. 

Section 2.28.Extension of the Revolving Facility.

(a)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer)
made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders holding Revolving Commitments with a like maturity date, on a pro rata basis (based
on the aggregate Revolving Commitments with a like maturity date) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrower is hereby permitted
to consummate from time to time transactions with individual Lenders that accept the terms contained in such Extension Offers to extend
the maturity date of each such Lenders Revolving Commitments and otherwise modify the terms of such Revolving Commitments pursuant
to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including, without limitation, by the changing interest rate or fees payable in respect
of such Revolving Commitments (and related outstandings)) (each, an Extension, and each group of Revolving Commitments,
as so extended, as well as the original Revolving Commitments not so extended, being a tranche, and any Extended
Revolving Commitments shall constitute a separate tranche of Revolving Commitments from the tranche of Revolving Commitments from which
they were converted), so long as the following terms are satisfied:

78

(i) no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time the offering document in respect of an Extension Offer is delivered
to the Lenders (the Extension Offer Date),

(ii) except
as to interest rates, fees and final maturity (which shall be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), the Revolving Commitment of
any Revolving Lender that agrees to an Extension with respect to such Revolving Commitment extended pursuant to an Extension (an Extended
Revolving Commitment), and the related outstandings, shall be a Revolving Commitment (or related outstandings, as the case
may be) with the same terms as the original Revolving Commitments (and related outstandings); provided that (1) the borrowing and
repayment (except for (A) payments of interest and fees at different rates on Extended Revolving Commitments (and related outstandings),
(B) repayments required upon the maturity date of the non-extending Revolving Commitments and (C) repayment made in connection with a
permanent repayment and termination of commitments) of Loans with respect to Extended Revolving Commitments after the applicable Extension
date shall be made on a pro rata basis with all other Revolving Commitments, (2) the permanent repayment of Revolving Loans with respect
to, and termination of, Extended Revolving Commitments after the applicable Extension date shall be made on a pro rata basis with all
other Revolving Commitments, except that the Borrower shall be permitted to permanently repay and terminate commitments of any such tranche
on a better than a pro rata basis as compared to any other tranche with a later maturity date than such tranche, (3) assignments and participations
of Extended Revolving Commitments and extended Revolving Loans shall be governed by the same assignment and participation provisions applicable
to Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans and (4) at no time shall there be Revolving Commitments hereunder (including Extended Revolving
Commitments and any original Revolving Commitments) which have more than five different maturity dates,

(iii) if
the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments in respect of which Revolving Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension
Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by the
Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Revolving Loans of such Revolving Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum
amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Revolving Lenders
have accepted such Extension Offer,

(iv) if
the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments in respect of which Revolving Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension
Offer shall be less than the maximum aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by
the Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Borrower may require each Revolving Lender that does not accept such Extension
Offer to assign pursuant to Section 10.02 no later than forty-five (45) days after the Extension Offer Date its pro rata share of the
outstanding Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans offered to be extended pursuant to such Extension Offer to one or more assignees
which have agreed to such assignment and to extend the applicable Revolving Facility Maturity Date; provided that (1) each Revolving
Lender that does not respond

79

affirmatively within thirty (30) days
of the Extension Offer Date shall be deemed not to have accepted such Extension Offer, (2) each assigning Revolving Lender shall have
received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Revolving Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all
other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or
the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (3) the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 10.02(b) shall be paid by
the Borrower or such assignee and (4) the assigning Revolving Lender shall continue to be entitled to the rights under Section 10.04 for
any period prior to the effectiveness of such assignment,

(v) all
documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing, and

(vi) any
applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied unless waived by the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, no Lender shall be
obligated to accept any Extension Offer.

(b)With respect to all Extensions consummated by the Borrower pursuant to this Section, (i) such Extensions shall not constitute voluntary
or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.12 or Section 2.13 and (ii) each Extension Offer shall specify the minimum
amount of Revolving Commitments to be tendered, which shall be a minimum amount approved by the Administrative Agent (a Minimum
Extension Condition). The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Revolving Commitments on such
terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including,
without limitation, Sections 2.11, 2.12, 2.17 and 8.08) or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any
other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.28.

(c)The consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.
No consent of any Lender shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension
with respect to one or more of its Revolving Commitments (or a portion thereof) (or, in the case of an Extension pursuant to clause (iv)
of Section 2.28(a), the consent of the assignee agreeing to the assignment of one or more Revolving Commitments and/or Revolving Loans).
All Extended Revolving Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall be Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents that are secured by the Revolving Priority Collateral on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Obligations under
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into amendments
to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (each, an Extension Amendment) with the Borrower as may be necessary
in order to establish new tranches or sub-tranches in respect of Revolving Commitments so extended and such technical amendments as may
be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment
of such new tranches or sub-tranches, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.28.

80

(d)In connection with any Extension, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days (or such
shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including,
without limitation, regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit
facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case
acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.28.

Section 2.29.Illegality. Subject to Section 2.09(b), if any Lender determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any
Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain, or fund Loans
whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge
interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any Governmental Authority has imposed
material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market
(any such occurrence, an Illegality Event), then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the
Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue SOFR Loans or to convert ABR Loans to SOFR Loans shall be
suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is
determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender
shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component
of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such Illegality Event
no longer exists. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all SOFR Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender
shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component
of the Alternate Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain
such SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans and (ii) if such notice
asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted
Term SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable
to such Lender without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such
Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Adjusted Term SOFR. Upon any
such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional
amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15.

Section 2.30.Benchmark Replacement Setting.

(a)Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence
of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark
with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark

81

Transition
Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent
has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by
such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark
with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.30(a)(i) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date.

(b)Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement, the Administrative Agent will, subject to the consent of the Borrower, have the right to make Conforming Changes from time
to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments entered into by the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(c)Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the
Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with
the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x)
the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.30(d) and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability
Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of
Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.30, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be
conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.30.

(d)Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at
any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate
(including Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service
that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor
for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period
(or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative
tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information
service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not
or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition
of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate
such previously removed tenor.

82

(e)Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability
Period, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted
or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request
into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been
converted to ABR Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor
for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark
or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate.

Section 2.31.Inability to Determine Rates. Subject to Section 2.30, if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any SOFR
Loan the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted
Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower
and each Lender.

Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent
to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make SOFR Loans, and any right of the Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert
ABR Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative
Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion
to or continuation of SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower
will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans in the amount specified
therein and (ii) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into ABR Loans at the end of the applicable
Interest Period. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any
additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15. Subject to Section 2.30, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination
shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition
thereof on any given day, the interest rate on ABR Loans shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c)
of the definition of Alternate Base Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination.

SECTION 3.

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND REAFFIRMATION

In order to induce the Lenders
to make Loans and issue Letters of Credit hereunder, the Borrower and each of the Guarantors jointly and severally represent and warrant
as follows:

Section 3.01.Organization and Authority. Each of the Borrower and the Guarantors
(a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in the applicable jurisdiction)
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and is duly 

83

qualified and in good standing
in each other jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect and (b) has the requisite corporate
or limited liability company power and authority to effect the Transactions, to own or lease and operate its properties and to conduct
its business as now or currently proposed to be conducted.

Section 3.02.Air Carrier Status. The Borrower is an air carrier
within the meaning of Section 40102 of Title 49 and holds a certificate under Section 41102 of Title 49. The Borrower holds an air carrier
operating certificate issued pursuant to Chapter 447 of Title 49. The Borrower is a citizen of the United States as defined
in Section 40102(a)(15) of Title 49 and as that statutory provision has been interpreted by the DOT pursuant to its policies (a United
States Citizen). The Borrower possesses all necessary certificates, franchises, licenses, permits, rights, designations, authorizations,
exemptions, concessions, frequencies and consents which relate to the operation of the routes flown by it and the conduct of its business
and operations as currently conducted except where failure to so possess would not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.03.Due Execution. The execution, delivery and performance by each
of the Borrower and the Guarantors of each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (a) are within the respective corporate or limited
liability company powers of each of the Borrower and the Guarantors, have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or limited liability company action, including the consent of shareholders or members
where required, and do not (i) contravene the charter, by-laws or limited liability company agreement (or equivalent documentation) of
the Borrower or any of the Guarantors, (ii) violate any applicable law
(including, without limitation, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) or regulation (including, without limitation, Regulations T, U or
X of the Board), or any order or decree of any court or Governmental Authority, other than violations by the Borrower or the Guarantors
which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii)
conflict with or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any material indenture, mortgage or deed of trust or any material
lease, agreement or other instrument binding on the Borrower or the Guarantors or
any of their properties, which, in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (iv) result in or
require the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the property of the Borrower or
any of the other Grantors other than the Liens granted pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; and (b) do not require
the consent, authorization by or approval of or notice to or filing or registration with any Governmental Authority or any other Person,
other than (i) the filing of financing statements under the UCC, (ii) the filings and consents contemplated by the Collateral Documents,
(iii) approvals, consents and exemptions that have been obtained on or prior to the Closing Date and remain in full force and effect,
(iv) consents, approvals and exemptions that the failure to obtain in the aggregate would not be reasonably expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect and (v) routine reporting obligations. Each Loan Document to which the Borrower or a Guarantor is
a party has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and each of the Guarantors party thereto.
This Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower or any of the Guarantors is
a party, each is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower and each Guarantor party thereto,
enforceable against the Borrower and the Guarantors, as the case may be, in
accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

84

Section 3.04.Statements Made.

(a)The written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with
the negotiation of this Agreement (as modified or supplemented by other written information so furnished), together with the Annual Report
on Form 10-K for 2024 of the Borrower filed with the SEC (giving effect to any amendments thereof made prior to the date that this representation
and warranty is being made and the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2025) and all Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current
Reports on Form 8-K that have been filed after February 21, 2025, by the Borrower, with the SEC (giving effect to any amendments thereof
made prior to the date that this representation and warranty is being made), taken as a whole as of the Closing Date did not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading in light
of the circumstances in which such information was provided; provided that, with respect to projections, estimates or other forward-looking
information the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable
at the time.

(b)The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Borrower most recently filed with
the SEC (giving effect to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2025), and each Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Current
Report on Form 8-K of the Borrower filed with the SEC subsequently and prior to the date that this representation and warranty is being
made, did not as of the date filed with the SEC (giving effect to any amendments thereof made prior to the date that this representation
and warranty is being made) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

Section 3.05.Financial Statements; Material Adverse Change.

(a)Except as disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
6, 2025, the audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024, included in the Borrowers Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2024 filed with the SEC, as amended and restated prior
to the date that this representation and warranty is being made, present fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP,
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of such
date and for such period.

(b)Except as disclosed in the Borrowers Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2024 (giving effect to any amendments thereof made prior
to the date that this representation and warranty is being made) or any subsequent report filed by the Borrower on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K
with the SEC, since February 6, 2025, there has been no Material Adverse
Change.

Section 3.06.Ownership of Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, other than as
set forth on Schedule 3.06, (a) each of the Persons listed on Schedule 3.06 is a wholly-owned, direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower,
and (b) the Borrower owns no other Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries), whether directly or indirectly.

85

Section 3.07.Liens. There are no Liens of any nature whatsoever on any Collateral
other than Permitted Liens.

Section 3.08.Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans, and the Letters of
Credit, shall be used for working capital or other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including the repayment
of indebtedness and the payment of fees and transaction costs as contemplated hereby and as referred to in Sections 2.19 and 2.20).

Section 3.09.Litigation and Compliance with Laws.

(a)Except as disclosed in the Borrowers Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2024 or any subsequent report filed by the Borrower
on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K with the SEC since December 31, 2024, there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or,
to the knowledge of the Borrower or the Guarantors, threatened against the Borrower or the Guarantors or any of their respective properties
(including any properties or assets that constitute Collateral under the terms of the Loan Documents), before any court or governmental
department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that (i) are likely to have a Material Adverse
Effect or (ii) would reasonably be expected to affect the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Loan Documents or,
in any material respect, the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders thereunder or in connection with the Transactions.

(b)Except with respect to any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, the Borrower and each Guarantor to its knowledge is currently in compliance with all applicable statutes, regulations
and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all Governmental Authorities, in respect of the conduct of its business and
ownership of its property.

Section 3.10.FAA Slot Utilization.

(a)As of the Closing Date, all of the Pledged Slots held by the Borrower and the other Grantors constituting Collateral are FAA Slots.

(b)Except for matters which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and the other Grantors,
as applicable, are utilizing, or causing to be utilized, their respective Pledged Slots (except Pledged Slots which are reasonably determined
by the Borrower to be of de minimis value or surplus to the Borrowers needs) in a manner consistent in all material respects
with applicable rules, regulations, laws and contracts in order to preserve both their respective right to hold and operate the Pledged
Slots, taking into account any waivers or other relief granted to the Borrower or any Guarantor by the FAA, other applicable U.S. Governmental
Authorities or U.S. Airport Authorities. Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor has received any written notice from the FAA, other applicable
U.S. Governmental Authorities or U.S. Airport Authorities, or is otherwise aware of any other event or circumstance, that would be reasonably
likely to impair in any material respect its respective right to hold and operate any Pledged Slot, except for any such impairment that,
either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

86

Section 3.11.Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act.

(a)Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor is engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing
or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board, Margin Stock), or extending credit
for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of any Loans will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock
or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock in violation of Regulation U.

(b)Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor is, or after the making of the Loans will be, or is required to be, registered as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Neither the making of any Loan, nor the issuance of any Letters of
Credit, nor the application of the proceeds of any Loan or repayment of any Loan or reimbursement of any LC Disbursement by the Borrower,
nor the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, will violate any provision of such Act or any rule,
regulation or order of the SEC thereunder.

Section 3.12.Ownership of Collateral. Each Grantor has good title to the Collateral owned by it, free and clear of all Liens other than
Permitted Liens.

Section 3.13.Perfected Security Interests. The Collateral Documents, taken as
a whole, are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable
security interest in all of the Collateral to the extent purported to be created thereby, subject as to enforceability to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles
of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. With respect to the Collateral as of the Closing Date,
at such time as (a) financing statements in appropriate form are filed in the appropriate offices (and the appropriate fees are paid)
and (b) the execution of the Account Control Agreements, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have a first
priority perfected security interest and/or mortgage (or comparable Lien) in all of such Collateral to the extent that the Liens on such
Collateral may be perfected upon the filings or recordations or upon the taking of the actions described in clauses (a) and (b) above,
subject, in the case of the Revolving Priority Collateral, in each case only to Permitted Liens, and such security interest is entitled
to the benefits, rights and protections afforded under the Collateral Documents applicable thereto (subject to the qualification set forth
in the first sentence of this Section 3.13).

Section 3.14.Payment of Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has
timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed by it and has paid or caused to be paid when
due all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except and solely to the extent that, in each case (a) such Taxes are being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (b) the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 3.15.Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. Borrower has implemented and
maintains in effect policies and procedures intended to ensure compliance by Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, when acting in such capacity,
their respective directors, officers, employees 

87

and
agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws
and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or to the knowledge of Borrower any of their
respective directors or officers is a Sanctioned Person.

Section 3.16.Exit Notes Documents. No covenant, agreement or restriction contained
in any Notes Document restricts or is deemed to restrict in any way the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent or the Secured Parties
with respect to the Revolving Priority Collateral as set forth in the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement and the other
Loan Documents.

Section 3.17.Reaffirmation. 

(a)Borrower, by its execution of this Agreement, (i) reaffirms its pledge and grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties a security interest in its respective Collateral (as defined in the Spare Parts Mortgage) to secure the Obligations, (ii)
reaffirms its pledge and grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a security interest in its respective Collateral
(as defined in the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage), (iii) reaffirms its pledge and grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Parties a security interest in its respective Collateral (as defined in the Slot and Gate Security Agreement) and (iv) confirms
and ratifies that all of its obligations and the security interests granted by it under the Security Agreements shall continue in full
force and effect in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined therein) with respect to the Existing
Credit Agreement and as supplemented by this Agreement.

SECTION 4.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 4.01.Conditions Precedent to Closing Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which the following conditions
precedent shall have been satisfied (or waived by the Lenders in accordance with
Section 10.08 and by the Administrative Agent):

(a)Supporting Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received with respect to the Borrower and the Guarantors in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:

(i)a certificate of the Secretary of State of the state of such entitys incorporation or formation, dated as of a recent date,
as to the good standing of that entity (to the extent available in the applicable jurisdiction) and as to the charter documents on file
in the office of such Secretary of State;

(ii)a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or similar officer), of such entity dated the Closing Date and certifying
(A) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the certificate of incorporation or formation and the by-laws or limited liability
company or other operating agreement (as the case may be) of that entity as in effect on the date of such certification, (B) that attached
thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions adopted by the board of directors, board of managers or members of

88

that entity
authorizing the Borrowings and Letter of Credit issuances hereunder, the execution, delivery and performance in accordance with their
respective terms of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any other documents required or contemplated hereunder or thereunder,
and the granting of the security interest in the Letter of Credit Account and other Liens contemplated hereby or the other Loan Documents
(in each case to the extent applicable to such entity), (C) that the certificate of incorporation or formation of that entity has not
been amended since the date of the last amendment thereto indicated on the certificate of the Secretary of State furnished pursuant to
clause (i) above, and (D) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer of that entity executing this Agreement and the
Loan Documents or any other document delivered by it in connection herewith or therewith (such certificate to contain a certification
by another officer of that entity as to the incumbency and signature of the officer signing the certificate referred to in this clause
(ii));

(iii)an Officers Certificate from the Borrower certifying (A) as to the truth in all material respects of the representations
and warranties made by it contained in the Loan Documents as though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent that any such representation
or warranty relates to a specified date, in which case as of such date (provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified
by materiality, Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects
as of the applicable date, before and after giving effect to the Transactions), (B) as to the absence of any event occurring and continuing,
or resulting from the Transactions, that constitutes an Event of Default and (C) the conditions set forth in Section 4.01(j) are satisfied;
and

(iv)an incumbency certificate of the Collateral Agent as to the person or persons authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement,
the Collateral Documents, and any other documents to be executed on behalf of the Collateral Agent in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby and the signatures of such person or persons.

(b)Credit Agreement. Each party hereto shall have duly executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent this Agreement.

(c)Security Documents. The Borrower shall have, as applicable, duly executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent:

(i)an updated Schedule I to the Slot and Gate Security Agreement;

(ii)each Notes Second Lien Security Document, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders, together with the related
Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement; and

(iii)the Exit Notes Aircraft and Engine Mortgage, the Exit Notes Security Agreement, the Exit Notes Trademark Security Agreement, each
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lenders, together with the related Notes Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement.

89

(d)Opinions of Counsel. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received:

(i)a written opinion of Thomas Canfield, General Counsel for the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders;

(ii)a written opinion of Davis, Polk & Wardwell LLP, special New York counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantors, dated the Closing
Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders;

(iii)a written opinion of Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., special Delaware counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantors, dated the
Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders;

(iv)a written opinion of McAfee & Taft, special FAA counsel, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders; and

(v)a written opinion of Milbank LLP, special New York counsel to the Administrative Agent, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(e)Payment of Fees and Expenses. The Borrower shall have paid to each Agent and the Lenders the then unpaid balance of all
accrued and unpaid Fees due, owing and payable under and pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, as referred to in
Sections 2.19 and Section 2.20, the Commitment Letter and the Administrative Agent Fee Letter and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
expenses of the Administrative Agent (including reasonable attorneys fees of Milbank LLP) for which invoices have been presented
at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date.

(f)Liquidity. The Borrower has Liquidity of no less than $400,000,000 (without giving effect to the Revolving Commitments hereunder)
and shall have duly and delivered an Officers Certificate certifying the foregoing.

(g)Consents. All material governmental and third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the financing contemplated
hereby shall have been obtained, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and be in full force and effect.

(h)Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Guarantors contained in this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed and delivered on the Closing Date shall be true and correct in all material respects on
and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent any such representation or warranty by its terms
is made as of a different specified date, in which case as of such specified date); provided that any representation or warranty
that is qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct
in all respects, as though made on and as of the applicable date, after giving effect to the Transactions.

90

(i)No Event of Default. Before and after giving effect to the Transactions, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing on the Closing Date.

(j)Aggregate Borrower Indebtedness. As of the Closing Date, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries (after giving effect to the Chapter 11 Plan), in each case, does not exceed:

(i)in the case of the Borrowers Exit Notes, $840,000,000 (it being understood that interest may be paid in-kind thereon after
the Closing Date);

(ii)in the case of Indebtedness secured by aircraft or aircraft engines (other than Aircraft or Engines financed hereunder), $1,700,000,000;
and

(iii)in the case of the U.S. Payroll Support Program, $137,000,000.

(k)Bankruptcy Cases. (x) the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York shall have entered an order (the Confirmation
Order) confirming the Chapter 11 Plan; (y) the Confirmation Order and the Chapter 11 Plan shall be in form and substance acceptable
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders; and (z) the conditions set forth in the Chapter 11 Plan have been satisfied or waived and
the Effective Date (as defined in the Chapter 11 Plan) has occurred.

(l)Existing Credit Agreement. The credit extensions made to the Borrower in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement have
been repaid in full in cash (including any accrued or incurred interest, fees or other amounts thereunder) by the Borrower, in accordance
with the Chapter 11 Plan.

(m)Patriot Act. The Lenders shall have received at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date all documentation and other
information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules
and regulations, including the Patriot Act, that such Lenders shall have requested from the Borrower or a Guarantor prior to such date.

The execution by each Lender of this Agreement
shall be deemed to be confirmation by such Lender that any condition relating to such Lenders satisfaction or reasonable satisfaction
with any documentation set forth in this Section 4.01 has been satisfied as to such Lender.

Section 4.02.Conditions Precedent to Each Loan and Each Letter of Credit. The
obligation of the Lenders to make each Loan and of the Issuing Lenders to issue each Letter of Credit, including the initial Loans and
the initial Letters of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 10.08) of the following conditions
precedent:

(a)Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Request
pursuant to Section 2.03 with respect to such borrowing or a request for issuance of such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.02, as
the case may be.

91

(b)Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
(other than, with respect to Loans made or Letters of Credit issued after the Closing Date, the representations and warranties set forth
in Sections 3.05(b), 3.06 and 3.09(a)) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Loan or the issuance
of such Letter of Credit hereunder (both before and after giving effect thereto and, in the case of each Loan, the application of proceeds
therefrom) with the same effect as if made on and as of such date except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate
to an earlier date and in such case as of such date; provided that any representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality,
Material Adverse Change or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects, as though made
on and as of the applicable date, before and after giving effect to such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit hereunder.

(c)No Default. On the date of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit hereunder, no Event of Default or material
Default shall have occurred and be continuing nor shall any such Event of Default or material Default, as the case may be, occur by reason
of the making of the requested Borrowing or the issuance of the requested Letter of Credit and, in the case of each Loan, the application
of proceeds thereof.

(d)Collateral Coverage Ratio. On the date of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit hereunder (and after giving
pro forma effect thereto), the Collateral Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.0 to 1.0.

(e)No Going Concern Qualification. On the date of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit hereunder, the opinion
of the independent public accountants (after giving effect to any reissuance or revision of such opinion) on the most recent audited consolidated
financial statements delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.01(a) shall not include a going concern qualification
under GAAP as in effect on the date of this Agreement or, if there is a change in the relevant provisions of GAAP thereafter, any like
qualification or exception under GAAP after giving effect to such change.

(f)Additional Collateral. If Additional Collateral is to be pledged in connection with the making of such Loan and/or the issuance
of such Letter of Credit in order to cause the Collateral Coverage Ratio to be no less than 1.0 to 1.0 on such date (after giving pro
forma effect to such Loan and/or Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall have complied with the requirements of Section 5.13(b) with respect
to such Additional Collateral.

(g)Appraisals. The Administrative Agent shall have received Appraisals in accordance with Section 5.07 dated no earlier than
ninety (90) days prior to the relevant date of the making of a Loan or the issuance of a Letter of Credit in respect of the Revolving
Priority Collateral (other than the Pledged Engines) as of such date; provided that, if any such Appraisal is dated more than ninety
(90) days prior to such date, then the Administrative Agent shall have received an Appraisal with respect to the related Revolving Priority
Collateral dated no earlier than sixty (60) days prior to such date of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit.
If Additional Collateral is to be pledged in connection with the making of such Loan and/or the issuance of such Letter of Credit in order
to cause the Collateral Coverage Ratio to be no less than 1.0 to 1.0 on such date (after giving pro forma effect to such Loan and/or Letter
of

92

Credit),
the Administrative Agent shall have received Appraisals with respect to such Additional Collateral pursuant to Section 5.07, in form
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, demonstrating that the Borrower shall be in compliance on a pro forma basis with
Section 6.09(a) on such date.

The acceptance by the Borrower
of each extension of credit hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions specified
in this Section 4.02 have been satisfied at that time.

SECTION 5.

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

From the Closing Date and
for so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding (in a face amount in excess of the sum of (i) the
amount of cash then held in the Letter of Credit Account and (ii) the face amount of back-to-back letters of credit delivered pursuant
to Section 2.02(j)), or the principal of or interest on any Loan or reimbursement of any LC Disbursement is owing (or any other amount
that is due and unpaid on the first date that none of the foregoing is in effect, outstanding or owing, respectively, is owing) to any
Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder:

Section 5.01.Financial Statements, Reports, etc. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders:

(a)Within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet and related statement of income and cash
flows of the Reporting Entity, showing the financial condition of the Reporting Entity on a consolidated basis as of the close of such
fiscal year and the results of their respective operations during such year, the consolidated statement of the Reporting Entity to be
audited for the Reporting Entity by independent public accountants of recognized national standing and to be accompanied by an opinion
of such accountants (without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial
statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Reporting Entity on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that the foregoing delivery requirement shall be satisfied if the Reporting Entity shall
have filed with the SEC its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such fiscal year, which is available to the public via EDGAR or any similar
successor system;

(b)Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance
sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Reporting Entity, showing the financial condition of the Reporting Entity
on a consolidated basis as of the close of such fiscal quarter and the results of their operations during such fiscal quarter and the
then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, each certified by a Responsible Officer of the Reporting Entity as fairly presenting in all material
respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Reporting Entity on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, subject
to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; provided that the foregoing delivery requirement shall be satisfied
if the Reporting Entity shall have filed with the SEC its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for such fiscal quarter, which is available to
the public via EDGAR or any similar successor system;

93

(c)Within the time period under Section 5.01(a) above, a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that, to
the knowledge of such Responsible Officer, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or, if, to the knowledge of
such Responsible Officer, such a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the nature and extent thereof
and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto;

(d)Within the time period under (a) and (b) of this Section 5.01, a certificate of a Responsible Officer demonstrating in reasonable
detail compliance with Sections 6.08 and 6.09(a) as of the end of the preceding fiscal quarter, including an updated calculation of the
Collateral Coverage Ratio reflecting the most recent Appraisals (as adjusted for any Dispositions or additions to the Revolving Priority
Collateral since the date of delivery to the Administrative Agent of such Appraisals);

(e)Within 15 days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains knowledge that there has been one or more Dispositions
of Collateral (excluding those described in clause (b), (d) or (e)(iv) of the definition of Permitted Disposition) since
the date of the Officers Certificate demonstrating compliance with Section 6.09(a) most recently delivered under this Agreement
by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent consisting of (i) a Pledged Aircraft, (ii) a Pledged Engine or (iii) any other Collateral
having an Appraised Value in the aggregate in excess of 10% of the sum of the aggregate Appraised Value of all Collateral plus Pledged
Cash and Cash Equivalents, a certificate of a Responsible Officer demonstrating in reasonable detail compliance with Section 6.09(a);

(f)[Reserved].

(g)Promptly after a Responsible Officer obtains knowledge thereof, notice of the failure of any material assumption contained in any
Appraisal to be correct, except if such failure would not reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the Appraised Value of
the applicable type of Collateral;

(h)So long as any Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit is outstanding, within 30 days after the Chief Financial Officer or the
Treasurer of the Borrower becoming aware of the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default that is continuing, an Officers
Certificate specifying such Default or Event of Default and what action the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are taking or propose to take
with respect thereto; and

(i)Promptly, from time to time, such other information regarding the Collateral and the operations, business affairs and financial
condition of either the Borrower or any Guarantor, in each case as the Administrative Agent, at the request of any Lender, may reasonably
request (it being understood that, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall provide utilization reports with respect
to the Pledged Slots (but no more than once per fiscal quarter)).

94

Subject to the next succeeding
sentence, information delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 to the Administrative Agent may be made available by the Administrative
Agent to the Lenders by posting such information on the Debtdomain website on the Internet at http://www.debtdomain.com. Information required
to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 by the Borrower shall be delivered pursuant to Section 10.01 hereto. Information required
to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 (to the extent not made available as set forth above) shall be deemed to have been delivered
to the Administrative Agent on the date on which the Borrower provides written notice to the Administrative Agent that such information
has been posted on the Borrowers general commercial website on the Internet (to the extent such information has been posted or
is available as described in such notice), as such website may be specified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent from time to time.
Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 shall be in a format which is suitable for transmission.

Any notice or other communication
delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01, or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, shall be deemed to contain material non-public information
unless (i) expressly marked by the Borrower or a Guarantor as PUBLIC, (ii) such notice or communication consists of copies
of the Borrowers public filings with the SEC or (iii) such notice or communication has been posted on a the Borrowers general
commercial website on the Internet, as such website may be specified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent from time to time.

The financial statements, information
and other documents required to be provided as described in Sections 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) may be those of (i) the Borrower or (ii) Parent
Holdco (in each case, such entity that provides such financial statements, information or other documents, the Reporting Entity),
so long as, in the case of clause (ii), the financial information so delivered shall be accompanied by a reasonably detailed description
of the quantitative differences between the information relating to Parent Holdco, on the one hand, and the information relating to the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand.

Section 5.02.Taxes. The Borrower shall pay, and cause each of its Subsidiaries
to pay, all material taxes, assessments, and governmental levies before the same shall become more than 90 days delinquent, other
than taxes, assessments and levies (i) being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) the failure to effect such payment
of which are not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.03.Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Borrower and
each of the Guarantors covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any
manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Agreement; and the Borrower and
each of the Guarantors (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and
covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Administrative
Agent, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

95

Section 5.04.Corporate Existence. The Borrower shall do or cause to be done
all things reasonably necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect:

(1)its corporate existence, and the corporate, partnership or other existence of each of its Subsidiaries, in accordance with the
respective organizational documents (as the same may be amended from time to time) of the Borrower or any such Subsidiary; and

(2)the rights (charter and statutory) and material franchises of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided, however, that
the Borrower shall not be required to preserve any such right or franchise, or the corporate, partnership or other existence of it or
any of its Subsidiaries, if its Board of Directors shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct
of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that the loss thereof would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect.

For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 5.04
shall not prohibit any actions permitted by Section 6.10 hereof or described in Section 6.10(b).

Section 5.05.Compliance with Laws. The Borrower shall comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable laws,
rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except where such noncompliance, individually
or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower
will maintain in effect policies and procedures intended to ensure compliance by Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, when acting in such capacity,
their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.

Section 5.06.Core Collateral. So long as any Loans or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as have been Cash Collateralized
or covered by a back-to-back letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents), the Borrower shall not
permit any Core Collateral Failure to occur.

Section 5.07.Delivery of Appraisals. The Borrower shall:

(1)on any date during the sixty (60) day period ending on (and including) (A) June 15 of each year with respect to all Revolving Priority
Collateral (other than Pledged Slots, Pledged Aircraft and Pledged Engines), (B) March 15 and September 15 of each year with respect to
all Revolving Priority Collateral and (C) December 15 of each year with respect to all Revolving Priority Collateral (other than Pledged
Slots, Pledged Aircraft and Pledged Engines), in each case, commencing with the first such date occurring at least ninety (90) days after
the Closing Date, or if later, the date any such Revolving Priority Collateral is first added to the Collateral;

(2)on the date upon which any Additional Collateral is pledged as Collateral, but only with respect to such Additional Collateral;

96

(3)promptly (but in any event during the forty-five (45) day period) following a request by the Administrative Agent if an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing; and

(4)promptly (but in any event during the forty-five (45) day period) following any Disposition or series of related Dispositions of
Pledged Slots (other than any Disposition described in clause (d), (e)(ii), (e)(iv) or (f) of the definition of Permitted Disposition)
comprising more than 15% of the aggregate Appraised Value of the Pledged Slots.

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative
Agent one or more Appraisals establishing the Appraised Value of the Revolving Priority Collateral; provided, however, that:

(i) the
Borrower shall be required to deliver or cause to be delivered only an Appraisal with respect to (x) the applicable Additional Collateral
(in the case of clause (2) above) or (y) Pledged Slots (in the case of clause (4) above);

(ii) in
connection with the pledging of any Additional Collateral, any Appraisal with respect to such Additional Collateral that is more than
ninety (90) days old as of the date on which such Additional Collateral is pledged hereunder shall not be deemed to satisfy the Appraisal
requirement in clause (2) above; and

(iii) if
any new spare Engine is pledged as Revolving Priority Collateral and such new spare Engine is of the same make and model as any spare
Engine then currently included (or being replaced) in the Revolving Priority Collateral (any such Engine make and model, an Existing
Engine Type), an Appraisal with respect to such new spare Engine shall only be required under this Section 5.07 if the Borrower
elects to provide such an Appraisal for purposes of determining the Appraised Value of such new spare Engine pursuant to clause (iii)
of the proviso of the definition of Appraised Value.

The Borrower may from time to time cause subsequent
Appraisals to be delivered to the Administrative Agent if it believes that any affected item of Revolving Priority Collateral has a higher
Appraised Value than that reflected in the most recent Appraisals delivered pursuant to this Section 5.07.

Section 5.08.Regulatory Cooperation. In connection with any foreclosure, collection,
sale or other enforcement of Liens granted to the Collateral Agent in the Collateral Documents, the Borrower will, and will cause its
Subsidiaries to, reasonably cooperate in good faith with the Collateral Agent or its designee in obtaining all regulatory licenses, consents
and other governmental approvals necessary or (in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent or its designee) reasonably advisable
to conduct all aviation operations with respect to the Collateral and will, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent and in good
faith, continue to operate and manage the Collateral and maintain all applicable regulatory licenses with respect to the Collateral until
such time as the Collateral Agent or its designee obtain such licenses, consents and approvals, and at such time the Borrower will, and
will cause its Subsidiaries to, cooperate in good faith with the transition of the aviation operations with respect to the Collateral
to any new aviation operator (including, without limitation, the Collateral Agent or its designee).

97

Section 5.09.Regulatory Matters; Citizenship; Utilization; Collateral Requirements.

(a)The Borrower will:

(1)maintain at all times its status as an air carrier within the meaning of Section 40102(a)(2) of Title 49, and hold
a certificate under Section 41102(a)(1) of Title 49;

(2)be a United States Citizen;

(3)maintain at all times its status at the FAA as an air carrier and hold an air carrier operating certificate under
Section 44705 of Title 49 and operations specifications issued by the FAA pursuant to Parts 119 and 121 of Title 14 as currently in effect
or as may be amended or recodified from time to time;

(4)possess and maintain all necessary certificates, exemptions, franchises, licenses, permits, designations, rights, concessions,
authorizations, frequencies and consents that are material to the operation of the Pledged Slots operated by it, and to the conduct of
its business and operations as currently conducted, except to the extent that any failure to possess or maintain would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect;

(5)maintain Pledged Gate Leaseholds sufficient to ensure its ability to service the flights using its Pledged Slots, except to the
extent that any failure to maintain would not reasonably be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect;

(6)utilize its Pledged Slots in a manner consistent with applicable regulations, rules and contracts (including FAA directives, orders
and waivers) in order to preserve its right to hold and use its Pledged Slots, except to the extent that any failure to utilize would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect;

(7)cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its rights in and to use its Pledged
Slots, including, without limitation, satisfying any applicable Use or Lose Rule, except to the extent that any failure to do so would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Collateral Material Adverse Effect; and

(8)if Eligible Spare Parts are included in the Collateral at any time, take or cause to be taken such actions to ensure that at all
times the Pledged Spare Parts include all Spare Parts and Appliances then owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (subject to the provisions
of the Spare Parts Security Agreement).

98

(b)Without in any way limiting Section 5.09(a) hereof, the Borrower will promptly take all such steps as may be necessary to maintain,
renew and obtain, or obtain the use of, Pledged Gate Leaseholds as needed for its continued and future operations using the Pledged Slots.
The Borrower will further take all actions reasonably necessary or advisable in order to have access to its Pledged Gate Leaseholds. The
Borrower will pay any applicable filing fees and other expenses related to the submission of applications, renewal requests, and other
filings as may be reasonably necessary to have access to its Pledged Gate Leaseholds.

Section 5.10.Collateral Ownership. Subject to the provisions described (including the actions permitted) under Sections 6.04 and 6.10
hereof, each Grantor will continue to maintain its interest in and right to use all property and assets so long as such property and assets
constitute Collateral, except as provided in Section 5.09.

Section 5.11.Insurance. The Borrower shall:

(1)keep all Collateral (other than the Mortgaged Collateral, as to which only the insurance provisions of the Aircraft and Spare Engine
Mortgage shall be applicable, and Pledged Spare Parts, Pledged Ground Support Equipment, and Pledged Real Property Assets, as to which
only the insurance provisions of the applicable Collateral Document shall be applicable) that is tangible property insured at all times,
against such risks, including risks insured against by extended coverage, as is prudent and customary with U.S.-based companies of the
same or similar size in the same or similar businesses;

(2)maintain in full force and effect public liability insurance against claims for personal injury or death or property damage occurring
upon, in, about or in connection with the use of the tangible Collateral (other than the Mortgaged Collateral, as to which only the insurance
provisions of the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage shall be applicable, and Pledged Spare Parts, Pledged Ground Support Equipment, and
Pledged Real Property Assets, as to which only the insurance provisions of the applicable Collateral Document shall be applicable) owned,
occupied or controlled by the Borrower, in such amounts and with such deductibles as are prudent and customary with U.S.-based companies
of the same or similar size in the same or similar businesses and in the same geographic area; and

(3)maintain such other insurance or self-insurance as may be required by law, except where such noncompliance would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.12.Real Property Assets. In connection with the pledge of any Real Property Assets, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative
Agent shall have received the following upon the date such Real Property Assets are pledged (unless waived by the Administrative Agent
in its sole discretion):

99

(a)a Real Property Mortgage encumbering each Real Property Asset in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, duly executed and acknowledged by the Borrower or Subsidiary that is the owner of or holder of any interest in such Real Property
Asset, and otherwise in form for recording in the recording office of each applicable political subdivision where each such Real Property
Asset is situated, together with such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be reasonably and customarily required
by the Title Company in connection with the recording or filing thereof to create a lien under applicable requirements of law, and such
financing statements and any other instruments necessary to grant a mortgage lien under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, all of
which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent; provided, however,
that Borrower shall only be obligated to execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Collateral Agent any relevant
Real Property Mortgage and shall not be responsible for recording such Real Property Mortgage in the event that the Collateral Agent shall
fail to do so after such Real Property Mortgage and any other related deliverables required to be delivered to the Collateral Agent or
the Administrative Agent in connection with such filing pursuant to the terms of this Agreement have been executed and delivered;

(b)with respect to each Real Property Asset, such consents, approvals, amendments, supplements, estoppels (but only to the extent
obtained), tenant subordination agreements (unless the applicable tenants lease provides for automatic subordination) or other
instruments as necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or as shall reasonably be deemed necessary
by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in order for the owner or holder of the fee or ground leasehold interest constituting
such Real Property Asset to grant the Lien contemplated by the Real Property Mortgage with respect to such Real Property Asset and the
owner or ground tenant thereof;

(c)with respect to each Real Property Mortgage, either a bringdown of an existing title policy or a loan policy of title insurance
(or marked up title insurance commitment having the effect of a loan policy of title insurance) insuring the Lien of such Real Property
Mortgage as a valid first mortgage Lien on the Real Property Asset and fixtures described therein in the amount reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, which policy (or such marked-up commitment) (each, a Title Policy)
shall (A) be issued by a Title Company, (B) to the extent necessary and available, include such reinsurance arrangements (with provisions
for direct access, if necessary) as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, (C) contain a
tie-in or cluster endorsement, if available under applicable law (i.e., policies which insure against losses
regardless of location or allocated value of the insured property up to a stated maximum coverage amount), (D) have been supplemented
by such endorsements (if available in the applicable jurisdiction of the Real Property Asset) as shall be reasonably requested by the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (including endorsements on matters relating to usury, first loss, zoning, contiguity, revolving
credit, doing business, non-imputation, public road access, survey, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision, mortgage recording
tax, separate tax lot, and so-called comprehensive coverage over covenants and restrictions); provided that to the extent that any such
endorsement(s) or other documentation cannot be issued or is not available due to the state or condition of the Real Property Asset, and
such state or condition existed on the date of the pledge of such Real Property Asset and such state or condition does not materially
and adversely affect the use or the value of such Real Property Asset for the business of the Borrower and its Affiliates, the Borrower
shall have no obligation to procure such endorsement or other documentation, and (E) contain no exceptions to title other than Permitted
Liens and other exceptions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or a datedown endorsement on the
existing Title Policy for each existing Real Property Mortgage;

100

(d)with respect to each Real Property Asset, such affidavits, certificates, information and instruments of indemnification (including
a so-called gap indemnification) as shall be reasonably and customarily required to induce the Title Company to issue the
title policy/ies and endorsements contemplated above;

(e)evidence reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent of payment by the Borrower of all title policy
premiums, search and examination charges, escrow charges and related charges, mortgage recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses
required for the recording of the Real Property Mortgages and issuance of the title policies referred to above;

(f)with respect to each Real Property Asset, copies of all leases in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary holds the lessor's interest
or other agreements relating to possessory interests if any. To the extent any of the foregoing leases affect any Real Property Asset,
such leases shall (x) be subordinate to the Lien of the Real Property Mortgage to be recorded against such Real Property Asset, either
expressly by its terms or pursuant to a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, with respect to which the Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary shall have used
its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and (y) shall otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Agent, provided that, if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, respectively, fails to notify the Borrower of rejection of
the lease within 10 Business Days from receipt of the lease, the lease shall be deemed to have been reasonably accepted by the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent;

(g)Surveys with respect to each Real Property Asset (or survey updates to the extent sufficient to obtain survey coverage under the
title policy); provided that, if the Borrower is able to obtain a no change affidavit reasonably acceptable to the Title
Company to enable it to issue a Title Policy removing all exceptions which would otherwise have been raised by the Title Company as a
result of the absence of a new Survey for such Real Property Asset, and issuing all available survey related endorsements and coverages,
then a new Survey shall not be requested;

(h)a completed Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to each Real Property Asset; and

(i)a local law enforceability opinion of counsel in the jurisdiction where each Real Property Asset is located relating to such Real
Property Asset described above, which opinion of counsel shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent; provided, however, that Clark Hill PLC is hereby approved by the Administrative Agent.

Section 5.13.Additional Guarantors; Grantors; Collateral.

(a)If Parent Holdco or any of its Subsidiaries acquires or creates another Domestic Subsidiary after the Closing Date, then the Borrower
will promptly cause such Domestic

101

Subsidiary
to become a party to the Guarantee contained in Section 9 hereof by executing an Instrument of Assumption and Joinder substantially in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A; provided, that any Domestic Subsidiary that constitutes an Immaterial Subsidiary, a Receivables
Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary need not become a Guarantor unless and until 30 Business Days after such time as it ceases to be
an Immaterial Subsidiary, a Receivables Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary or such time as it guarantees, or pledges any property or
assets to secure, any other Obligations.

(b)If the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries desires or is required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to add Additional Collateral
as Revolving Priority Collateral or, if any Subsidiary acquires any existing Revolving Priority Collateral from a Grantor that it desires
or is required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to maintain as Collateral, in each case, after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall,
in each case at its own expense, (A) cause any such Subsidiary to become a party to the Guarantee contained in Section 9 hereof (to the
extent such Subsidiary is not already a party thereto) and cause any such Subsidiary to become a party to each applicable Collateral Document
and all other agreements, instruments or documents that create or purport to create and perfect, in the case of the Revolving Priority
Collateral, a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens), and in the case of the Notes Priority Collateral securing the Obligations,
a second priority Lien, in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties applicable to such Collateral, by executing
and delivering to the Administrative Agent an Instrument of Assumption and Joinder substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A and/or joinders to all applicable Collateral Documents or pursuant to new Collateral Documents, as the case may be, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (it being understood that (i) in the case of Revolving Priority
Collateral consisting of Eligible Aircraft or Eligible Engines, the applicable Collateral Documents shall be the Aircraft and Spare Engine
Mortgage, which shall include a pledge of any QEC Kit associated with any such Pledged Engine, (ii) in the case of Revolving Priority
Collateral consisting of Eligible Spare Parts, the applicable Collateral Documents shall be the Spare Parts Security Agreement, (iii)
in the case of Revolving Priority Collateral consisting of Slots and Gate Leaseholds, the applicable Collateral Documents shall be the
Slot and Gate Security Agreement, (iv) in the case of Revolving Priority Collateral consisting of Real Property Assets, such Additional
Collateral shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 5.12, and (v) in the case of any other Additional Collateral of a type
that has not been theretofore included in the Collateral (other than Aircraft, Engines, Spare Parts and Slots), such Additional Collateral
may be subject to such additional terms and conditions as may be customarily required by lenders in similar financings of a similar size
for similarly situated borrowers secured by the same type of Collateral, as agreed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in their
reasonable discretion), (B) promptly execute and deliver (or cause such Subsidiary to execute and deliver) to the Administrative Agent
and/or the Collateral Agent such documents and take such actions to create, grant, establish, preserve and perfect the first priority
Liens (subject to Permitted Liens) (including to obtain any release or termination of Liens not permitted under the definition of Additional
Collateral in Section 1.01 or under Section 6.06 and the filing of UCC financing statements) in favor of the Collateral Agent for
the benefit of the Secured Parties on such assets of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, to secure the Obligations to the
extent required under the applicable Collateral Documents or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent,
and to ensure that such Revolving Priority Collateral shall be subject to no other Liens other than Permitted Liens and (C) if reasonably

102

requested
by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a
written opinion of counsel (which counsel shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) to the Borrower or such Subsidiary,
as applicable, with respect to the matters described in clauses (A) and (B) hereof, in each case within twenty (20) Business Days after
the addition of such Revolving Priority Collateral and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Section 5.14.Access to Books and Records.

(a)The Borrower and the Guarantors will make and keep books, records and accounts in which full, true and correct entries in conformity
with GAAP are made of all financial dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities, including, without limitation,
an accurate and fair reflection of the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Borrower and the Guarantors.

(b)The Borrower and the Guarantors will permit, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, any representatives designated by
the Administrative Agent or any Governmental Authority that is authorized to supervise or regulate the operations of a Lender, as designated
by such Lender, upon reasonable prior written notice and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, at no out-of-pocket
cost to the Borrower and the Guarantors, to visit the properties of the Borrower and the Guarantors, to examine its books and records,
and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times during
normal business hours, not more than once every twelve (12) months unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which
case such inspection right shall not be so limited; provided that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower
and the Guarantors shall be responsible for the reasonable costs and expenses of any visits of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders,
acting together (but not separately).

Section 5.15.Further Assurances.

(a)The Borrower and each Guarantor shall execute any and all further
documents and instruments, and take all further actions, that may be required or advisable under applicable law, or by the FAA, or that
the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, in order to create, grant, establish, preserve, protect and perfect the validity, perfection
and priority of the Liens and security interests created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents, to the extent required
under this Agreement or the Collateral Documents.

(b)After the Closing Date, to the extent that the Borrower or any Guarantor grants a Lien on any assets that constitute Notes Priority
Collateral (as defined in the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement), promptly and in any event within forty-five (45)
days thereof, the Borrower shall (or shall cause such Guarantor to) cause such assets to become subject to the Exit Notes Aircraft and
Engine Mortgage, the Exit Notes Security Agreement, the Exit Notes Trademark Security Agreement, or such other Exit Notes Security Document,
applicable.

103

(c)Concurrently with the conversion of the Borrower from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited liability company, the Borrower
shall cause Parent Holdco to execute and deliver an Instrument of Assumption and Joinder.

SECTION 6.

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

From the Closing Date and for
so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding (in a face amount in excess of the sum of (i) the
amount of cash then held in the Letter of Credit Account and (ii) the face amount of back-to-back letters of credit delivered pursuant
to Section 2.02(j)) or principal of or interest on any Loan or reimbursement of any LC Disbursement is owing (or any other amount that
is due and unpaid on the first date that none of the foregoing is in effect, outstanding or owing, respectively, is owing) to any Lender
or the Administrative Agent hereunder:

Section 6.01.[Reserved].

Section 6.02.[Reserved].

Section 6.03.[Reserved].

Section 6.04.Disposition of Collateral. Neither the Borrower nor any Grantor
shall sell or otherwise Dispose of any Revolving Priority Collateral (including, without limitation, by way of any Sale of a Grantor)
except that such sale or other Disposition shall be permitted (i) in the case of a Permitted Disposition; provided that, so long
as any Loans or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as have been Cash Collateralized or covered by a back-to-back
letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents), no Core
Collateral Failure results therefrom, or (ii) provided that upon consummation of any such sale or other Disposition (A) no Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (B) the Collateral Coverage Ratio is no less than 1.0 to 1.0 after giving effect to
such sale or other Disposition (including any deposit of any Net Proceeds received upon consummation thereof in the Collateral Proceeds
Account subject to an Account Control Agreement and any concurrent pledge of Additional Collateral, if any) and (C) so long as any Loans
or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as have been Cash Collateralized or covered by a back-to-back
letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents), no Core
Collateral Failure results from such sale or other Disposition; provided further that, no Disposition of a Pledged Engine shall
be permitted at any time the Pledged Engines have an Appraised Value of zero pursuant to clause (iv) of the definition of
Appraised Value; provided further that nothing contained
in this Section 6.04 is intended to excuse performance by the Borrower or any Guarantor of any requirement of any Collateral Document
that would be applicable to a Disposition permitted hereunder. A Disposition of Revolving Priority Collateral referred to in clause (d),
(e)(iv) or (f) of the definition of Permitted Disposition shall not result in the automatic release of such Revolving Priority
Collateral from the security interest of the applicable Collateral Document, and the Revolving Priority Collateral subject to such Disposition
shall continue to constitute Revolving Priority Collateral for all purposes of the Loan Documents (without prejudice to the rights of
the Borrower to release any such Revolving Priority Collateral pursuant to Section 6.09(c)).

104

Section 6.05.[Reserved].

Section 6.06.Liens. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien of any kind on any property or asset that constitutes Revolving
Priority Collateral, except Permitted Liens.

Section 6.07.Business Activities. The Borrower will not, and will not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than Permitted Businesses, except to such extent as would not be material to
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

Section 6.08.Liquidity. The Borrower will not permit the aggregate amount of
Liquidity to be less than $500,000,000 at the end of any Business Day
following the Closing Date; provided that, so long as no Loans or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as
have been Cash Collateralized or covered by a back-to-back letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents),
non-compliance by the Borrower with this Section 6.08 shall not constitute a default by the Borrower or any Guarantor of any of their
respective obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and will not result in any Default or Event of Default.

Section 6.09.Collateral Coverage Ratio.

(a)Subject to the immediately following proviso, the Borrower will not permit at any time following the Closing Date the Collateral
Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.0 to 1.0 (such occurrence, a Collateral Coverage Ratio Failure); provided, that
if, (A) upon delivery of an Appraisal pursuant to Section 5.07 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement (except pursuant to Section 5.07(2)
or 5.07(3) or any Appraisal delivered to the Administrative Agent in connection with the designation of Additional Collateral solely to
evidence compliance with the requirements of this Section 6.09(a)) and (B) solely with respect to determining compliance with this Section
as a result thereof, it is determined that a Collateral Coverage Ratio Failure has occurred, the Borrower shall, within forty-five (45)
days (or, in the case of an Appraisal delivered pursuant to Section 5.07(4) within thirty (30) days) of the date of such Appraisal (or,
in the case of an Appraisal required under Section 5.07(1) or 5.07(4) not delivered by the deadline thereunder, the date such Appraisal
was due thereunder) designate Additional Collateral as additional Eligible Collateral and comply with Section 5.13 and/or prepay or cause
to be prepaid the Loans in accordance with Section 2.12(b), collectively, in an amount sufficient to cure such Collateral Coverage Ratio
Failure.

(b)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Borrower shall fail at any time to be in compliance with this
Section 6.09 solely as a result of damage to or loss of any Collateral covered by insurance (pursuant to which the Collateral Agent is
named as loss payee and with respect to which payments are to be delivered directly to the Collateral Agent) for which the insurer thereof
has been notified of the relevant claim and has not challenged such coverage, any calculation made pursuant to this Section 6.09 shall
deem the relevant Grantor to have received Net Proceeds (and to have taken all steps necessary to have pledged such Net

105

Proceeds
as Additional Collateral) in an amount equal to the expected coverage amount (as determined by the Borrower in good faith and updated
from time to time to reflect any agreements reached with the applicable insurer) and net of any amounts required to be paid out of such
proceeds and secured by a Lien until the earliest of (i) the date any such Net Proceeds are actually received by the Collateral Agent,
(ii) the date that is 270 days after such damage and (iii) the date on which any such insurer denies such claim; provided that,
prior to giving effect to this clause (b), (x) the aggregate Appraised Value of all the Revolving Priority Collateral plus (y) the Pledged
Cash and Cash Equivalents, shall be no less than 150% of the Total Obligations. It is understood and agreed that if the Collateral Agent
should receive any Net Proceeds directly from the insurer in respect of a Recovery Event and at the time of such receipt, (A) no Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Borrower is in compliance with Section 6.09(a) (without giving effect to the
receipt of such Net Proceeds), the Collateral Agent shall promptly cause such proceeds to be paid to the Borrower or the applicable Grantor
and (B) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or the Borrower fails to be in compliance with Section 6.09(a) (without
giving effect to the receipt of such Net Proceeds), the Collateral Agent shall promptly cause such proceeds to be deposited into the
Collateral Proceeds Account maintained for such purpose with the Collateral Agent that is subject to an Account Control Agreement and
such proceeds shall be applied or released from such account in accordance with Section 2.12(a).

(c)At the Borrowers request, the Lien on any asset or type or category of asset (including after-acquired assets of that type
or category) included in the Revolving Priority Collateral will be promptly released or the Borrower shall be permitted to designate such
asset as Notes Priority Collateral in accordance with Section 6.20 of the Intercreditor Agreements, provided, in each case, that
the following conditions are satisfied or waived: (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (B) either (x) after
giving effect to such release, the Collateral Coverage Ratio is not less than 1.0 to 1.0 or (y) the Borrower shall prepay or cause
to be prepaid the Loans and/or shall designate Additional Collateral (including designating Additional Collateral as Revolving Priority
Collateral in accordance with Section 6.19 of the Intercreditor Agreements, to the extent applicable) and comply with Section 5.13,
collectively, in an amount necessary to cause the Collateral Coverage Ratio to not be less than 1.0 to 1.0, (C) so
long as any Loans or Letters of Credit are outstanding (other than such as have been Cash Collateralized or covered by a back-to-back
letter of credit in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents), no Core
Collateral Failure results from such release, and (D) the Borrower shall deliver an Officer's Certificate demonstrating compliance
with this Section 6.09(c) following such release. In connection herewith, the Collateral Agent agrees to promptly provide any documents
or releases reasonably requested by the Borrower to evidence such release; provided further that, no release of Pledged Engines
shall be permitted at any time the Pledged Engines have an Appraised Value of zero pursuant to clause (iv) of the definition
of Appraised Value.

Section 6.10.Merger, Consolidation, or Sale of Assets.

(a)The Borrower shall not directly or indirectly: (i) consolidate or merge with or into another Person (whether
or not the Borrower is the surviving corporation) or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially
all of the properties or assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to another
Person, unless:

106

(1)either:

(A)the Borrower is the surviving corporation; or

(B)the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Borrower) or to which such sale, assignment,
transfer, conveyance or other disposition has been made is an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state
of the United States or the District of Columbia; and, if such entity is not a corporation, a co-obligor of the Loans is a corporation
organized or existing under any such laws;

(2)the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Borrower) or the Person to which such sale,
assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition has been made assumes all the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents
pursuant to agreements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

(3)immediately after such transaction, no Event of Default exists; and

(4)the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an Officers Certificate stating that such consolidation, merger
or transfer complies with this Agreement.

In addition, the Borrower will
not, directly or indirectly, lease all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as
a whole, in one or more related transactions, to any other Person.

(b)Section 6.10(a) will not apply to any sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance, lease or other disposition of assets between or among
the Borrower and/or the Guarantors.

(c)Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the properties or assets of the Borrower in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions of, Section
6.10(a), the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into or with which the Borrower is merged or to which such sale, assignment,
transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of
such consolidation, merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition, the provisions of this Agreement referring
to the Borrower shall refer instead to the successor Person and not to the Borrower), and may exercise every right and power of the Borrower
under this Agreement with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Borrower herein; provided, however,
that the Borrower, if applicable, shall not be relieved from the obligation to pay the principal of, and interest, if any, on the Loan
except in the case of a sale of all of the Borrowers assets in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions
of, Section 6.10(a) hereof. In connection with any transfer under this clause (c), such

107

successor
Person shall provide all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, as reasonably requested by any Lender.

Section 6.11.Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will not use, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to use, the proceeds of any Borrowing
or any Letter of Credit (A) in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities,
business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country (except to the extent permitted by applicable law),
or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

SECTION 7.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Section 7.01.Events of Default. In the case of the happening of any of the following
events and the continuance thereof beyond the applicable grace period if any (each, an Event of Default):

(a)any representation or warranty made by the Borrower or any Guarantor in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall prove
to have been false or incorrect in any material respect when made and such representation is not corrected within ten (10) Business Days
after receipt by the Borrower of notice from the Administrative Agent of such default; or

(b)default shall be made in the payment of (i) any principal of the Loans or reimbursement obligations or cash collateralization in
respect of Letters of Credit, when and as the same shall become due and payable; (ii) any interest on the Loans and such default shall
continue unremedied for more than five (5) Business Days; or (iii) any other amount payable hereunder when due and such default shall
continue unremedied for more than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of written notice by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent
of the default in making such payment when due; or

(c)default shall be made by the Borrower in the due observance of the covenant contained in Section 5.01(h), 6.08 or 6.09(a) hereof;
or

(d)default shall be made by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in the due observance or performance of any other covenant,
condition or agreement to be observed or performed by it pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and
such default shall continue unremedied for more than sixty (60) days after receipt of written notice by the Borrower from the Administrative
Agent of such default; or

(e)(A) any material provision of any Loan Document to which the Borrower or a Guarantor is a party ceases to be a valid and binding
obligation of the Borrower or such Guarantor for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days after the Borrower receives written
notice thereof from the Administrative Agent, or the Borrower or any of the Guarantors shall so assert in any pleading filed in any court
or (B) the Lien on any material portion of the Collateral intended to be created by the Loan Documents shall cease to be or shall not
be a valid and perfected Lien having the priorities contemplated hereby or thereby (subject to Permitted

108

Liens and
except as permitted by the terms of this Agreement or the Collateral Documents or other than as a result of the action, delay or inaction
of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent) for a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Business Days after the Borrower receives
written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent; or;

(f)The Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a
Significant Subsidiary pursuant to or within the meaning of Bankruptcy Law:

(1)commences a voluntary case,

(2)consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case,

(3)consents to the appointment of a custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property,

(4)makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or

(5)admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts; or

(g)a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(1)is for relief against the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together,
would constitute a Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case;

(2)appoints a custodian of the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together,
would constitute a Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of the property of the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary
or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary; or

(3)orders the liquidation of the Borrower, any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower that, taken together,
would constitute a Significant Subsidiary;

and in each case the order or decree
remains unstayed and in effect for sixty (60) consecutive days; or

(h)failure by the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Subsidiaries to pay final judgments entered by a court or courts of competent
jurisdiction aggregating in excess of $50,000,000 (determined net of amounts covered by insurance policies issued by creditworthy insurance
companies (and as to which the applicable insurance company has not denied coverage) or by third party indemnities or a combination thereof),
which judgments are not paid, discharged, bonded, satisfied or stayed for a period of sixty (60) days; or

109

(i)(1) the Borrower or any Guarantor shall default in the performance of any obligation relating to Material Indebtedness and any
applicable grace periods shall have expired and any applicable notice requirements shall have been complied with, and as a result of such
default the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders shall be permitted
to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due prior to its scheduled final maturity date, and such ability to cause such Material
Indebtedness to become due shall be continuing for a period of more than 60 consecutive days, (2) the Borrower or any Guarantor shall
default in the performance of any obligation relating to any Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Guarantor (other than the Loans and obligations
relating to Letters of Credit) outstanding under one or more agreements of the Borrower or a Guarantor that results in such Indebtedness
coming due prior to its scheduled final maturity date in an aggregate principal amount at any single time unpaid exceeding $100,000,000
or (3) the Borrower or any Guarantor shall default in the payment of the outstanding principal amount due on the scheduled final maturity
date of any Indebtedness outstanding under one or more agreements of the Borrower or a Guarantor, any applicable grace periods shall have
expired and any applicable notice requirements shall have been complied with and such failure to make payment when due shall be continuing
for a period of more than five (5) consecutive Business Days following the applicable scheduled final maturity date thereunder, in an
aggregate principal amount at any single time unpaid exceeding $100,000,000.

then, and in every such event and at any time
thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative
Agent shall, by written notice to the Borrower, take one or more of the following actions, at the same or different times:

(i) terminate
forthwith the Commitments;

(ii) declare
the Loans or any portion thereof then outstanding to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the principal of the Loans and other Obligations
(other than Designated Hedging Obligations) together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other liabilities
of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand,
protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower and the Guarantors, anything contained
herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding;

(iii) require
the Borrower and the Guarantors promptly upon written demand to deposit in the Letter of Credit Account Cash Collateralization for the
LC Exposure (and to the extent the Borrower and the Guarantors shall fail to furnish such funds as demanded by the Administrative Agent,
the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to debit the accounts of the Borrower and the Guarantors (other than Escrow Accounts, Payroll
Accounts or other accounts held in trust for an identified beneficiary) maintained with the Administrative Agent in such amounts);

(iv) instruct
the Collateral Agent to, and the Collateral Agent may, set-off amounts in the Letter of Credit Account or any other accounts (other than
Escrow Accounts, Payroll Accounts or other accounts held in trust for an identified beneficiary) maintained with the Collateral Agent
and apply such amounts to the obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors hereunder and in the other Loan Documents; and

110

(v) exercise,
or instruct the Collateral agent to exercise, any and all remedies under the Loan Documents and under applicable law available to the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders.

In case of any event with respect to the Borrower,
any Significant Subsidiary or any group of Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary described in clause
(f) or (g) of this Section 7.01, the actions and events described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall be required or taken automatically,
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Any payment received
as a result of the exercise of remedies hereunder shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.17(b).

SECTION 8.

THE AGENTS

Section 8.01.Administration by Agents.

(a)Each of the Lenders and each Issuing Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank, N.A. as its administrative agent and Wilmington
Trust, National Association, as its collateral agent, as the case may be, and authorizes such Agent to take such actions on its behalf
and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto.

(b)Each of the Lenders and each Issuing Lender hereby authorizes each Agent, as applicable, in its sole discretion:

(i)in connection with the sale or other disposition of any asset that is part of the Collateral of the Borrower or any other Grantor,
as the case may be, to the extent permitted by the terms of this Agreement, to release a Lien granted to the Collateral Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, on such asset;;

(ii)to determine that the cost to the Borrower or any other Grantor, as the case may be, is disproportionate to
the benefit to be realized by the Secured Parties by perfecting a Lien in a given asset or group of assets included in the Collateral
and that the Borrower or such other Grantor, as the case may be, should not be required to perfect such Lien in favor of the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties;

(iii)to enter into, execute and deliver the other Loan Documents on terms acceptable to the Administrative Agent and to perform its
respective obligations thereunder;

(iv)to execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any Guarantor from the guarantees provided herein pursuant to Section
9.05;

111

(v)to enter into, execute and deliver intercreditor and/or subordination agreements in accordance with Sections 6.06 and 10.17 on
terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and to perform its obligations thereunder and to take such action and to exercise
the powers, rights and remedies granted to it thereunder and with respect thereto; and

(vi)to enter into, execute and deliver any other agreements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent granting Liens to the
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, on any assets of the Borrower or any other Grantor to secure the Obligations.

Section 8.02.Rights of Agents. Any institution serving as an Administrative
Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though
it were not an Agent, and such bank and its respective Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any
kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Borrower as if it were not an Agent hereunder.

Section 8.03.Liability of Agents.

(a)The Agents shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and the other Loan Documents and no
implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement or the other Loan Documents against any Agent. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, (i) the Agents shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Agents shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary
powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that each Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed
by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in
Section 10.08), (iii) except as expressly set forth herein, the Agents shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for
the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Subsidiaries that is communicated to
or obtained by the institution serving as an Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity and (iv) the Agents will not be required to
take any action that, in their opinion or the opinion of their counsel, may expose any Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan
Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt, any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any
Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or that may effect a forfeiture,
modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership
or similar law now or hereafter in effect. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the
request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided
in Section 10.08) or in the absence of its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge
of any Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to such Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative
Agent shall not be responsible for, or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into, (A) any statement, warranty or representation made
in or in connection with this Agreement, (B) the contents of any certificate, report or other document

112

delivered
hereunder or in connection herewith, (C) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions
set forth herein, (D) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument
or document, or (E) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 4 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items
expressly required to be delivered to such Agent.

(b)Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate,
consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person.
Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and
shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent
accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice
of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

(c)Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed
by it. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through its Related
Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of any Agent
and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided
for herein as well as activities as Agent.

Section 8.04.Reimbursement and Indemnification. Each Lender agrees (a) to reimburse
on demand each Agent for such Lenders Aggregate Exposure Percentage of any expenses and fees incurred for the benefit of the Lenders
under this Agreement and any of the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, counsel fees and compensation of agents and employees
paid for services rendered on behalf of the Lenders, and any other expense incurred in connection with the operations or enforcement thereof,
not reimbursed by the Borrower or the Guarantors and (b) to indemnify
and hold harmless each Agent and any of its Related Parties, on demand, in the amount equal to such Lenders Aggregate Exposure
Percentage, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses,
or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against it or any of them in any way
relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by it or any of them under this
Agreement or any of the Loan Documents to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower or
the Guarantors (except such as shall result from its gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final and nonappealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction).

Section 8.05.Successor Agents. Subject to the appointment and acceptance of
a successor agent as provided in this paragraph, each Agent may resign at any time by notifying the other Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing
Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation by such Agent, the
Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent (provided no Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing) of the
Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to
appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within
thirty (30) 

113

days
after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may, with the consent (provided no Event of Default
or Default has occurred or is continuing) of the Borrower (such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), appoint a successor Agent which, in the case of the retiring Administrative Agent, shall
be a bank institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as
Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of
the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower
to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless
otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring
Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such
retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them
while it was acting as an Agent.

Section 8.06.Independent Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently
and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without
reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate,
continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document
furnished hereunder or thereunder.

Section 8.07.Advances and Payments.

(a)On the date of each Loan, the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (but not obligated) to advance, for the account of each
of the Lenders, the amount of the Loan to be made by it in accordance with its Revolving Commitment hereunder. Should the Administrative
Agent do so, each of the Lenders agrees forthwith to reimburse the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds for the amount
so advanced on its behalf by the Administrative Agent, together with interest at the Federal Funds Effective Rate if not so reimbursed
on the date due from and including such date but not including the date of reimbursement.

(b)Any amounts received by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement (other than amounts to which the Administrative
Agent is entitled pursuant to Sections 2.19, 2.20, 8.04 and 10.04), the application of which is not otherwise provided for in this Agreement,
shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.17(b). All amounts to be paid to a Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be credited
to that Lender, after collection by the Administrative Agent, in immediately available funds either by wire transfer or deposit in that
Lenders correspondent account with the Administrative Agent, as such Lender and the Administrative Agent shall from time to time
agree.

Section 8.08.Sharing of Setoffs. Each Lender agrees that, except to the extent this Agreement expressly provides for payments to be allocated
to a particular Lender, if it shall, through the exercise either by it or any of its banking Affiliates of a right of bankers lien,
setoff or counterclaim against the Borrower or a Guarantor, including, but not limited to, a secured claim under Section 506 of the Bankruptcy
Code or other security or interest arising from, or in

114

lieu of, such secured claim
and received by such Lender (or any of its banking Affiliates) under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or otherwise,
obtain payment in respect of its Revolving Extensions of Credit as a result of which the unpaid portion of its Revolving Extensions of
Credit is proportionately less than the unpaid portion of the Revolving Extensions of Credit of any other Lender (other than with respect
to any LC Exposure under clause (i) of the definition thereof) (a) it shall promptly purchase at par (and shall be deemed to have thereupon
purchased) from such other Lender a participation in the Loans or LC Exposure of such other Lender, so that the aggregate amount of each
Lenders Revolving Extensions of Credit and its participation in Loans and LC Exposure of the other Lenders shall be in the same
proportion to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding as the amount of its Revolving
Extensions of Credit prior to the obtaining of such payment was to the amount of all Revolving Extensions of Credit prior to the obtaining
of such payment and (b) such other adjustments shall be made from time to time as shall be equitable to ensure that the Lenders share
such payment pro-rata, provided that if any such non-pro-rata payment is thereafter recovered or otherwise set aside, such purchase
of participations shall be rescinded (without interest). The Borrower expressly consents to the foregoing arrangements and agrees, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, that any Lender holding (or deemed to be holding) a participation in a Loan or LC Exposure acquired
pursuant to this Section or any of its banking Affiliates may exercise any and all rights of bankers lien, setoff or counterclaim
with respect to any and all moneys owing by the Borrower to such Lender as fully as if such Lender was the original obligee thereon, in
the amount of such participation. The provisions of this Section 8.08 shall not be construed to apply to (a) any payment made by the Borrower
or a Guarantor pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from
the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or (b) any payment obtained by any Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation
in any of its Loans or other Obligations owed to it.

Section 8.09.Withholding Taxes. To the extent required by any applicable law,
the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any withholding tax applicable to such payment.
If the Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold
tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender for any reason, or the Administrative Agent has paid over to the Internal Revenue
Service applicable withholding tax relating to a payment to a Lender but no deduction has been made from such payment, without duplication
of any indemnification obligations set forth in Section 8.04, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts
paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, including any penalties or interest and together with any
expenses incurred.

Section 8.10.Appointment by Secured Parties. Each Secured Party that is not a party to this Agreement shall be deemed to have appointed
the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent as its agent under the Loan Documents in accordance with the terms of this Section 8
and to have acknowledged that the provisions of this Section 8 apply to such Secured Party mutatis mutandis as though it were a
party hereto (and any acceptance by such Secured Party of the benefits of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be deemed an
acknowledgment of the foregoing).

115

Section 8.11.Erroneous Payments.

(a)If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf
of a Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party (any such Lender, Issuing Lender, Secured Party or other recipient (and each of their respective
successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion
(whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from
the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or
mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender,
Issuing Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment,
prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous
Payment) and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall
at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 8.11
and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect
to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later
than two Business Days thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return
to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same
day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative
Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient
to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined
by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice
of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(b)Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received
funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party (and each of their respective successors and assigns), agrees that if it
receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution
or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date
from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of
its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment,
prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured
Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then
in each such case:

(i)it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed
to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made
(in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and

116

(ii)such Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (and shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business
Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify
the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that
it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.11(b).

For the avoidance of doubt,
the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.11(b) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipients
obligations pursuant to Section 8.11(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made.

(c)Each Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts
at any time owing to such Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the
Administrative Agent to such Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party under any Loan Document with respect to any payment of principal
, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under immediately preceding
clause (a).

(d)(i) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after
demand therefor in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender or Issuing Lender that has received such Erroneous
Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective
behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency), upon the Administrative Agents
notice to such Lender or Issuing Lender at any time, then effective immediately (with the consideration therefore being acknowledged by
the parties hereto), (A) such Lender or Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect
to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class) in an amount equal to the Erroneous
Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments)
of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) (on a cashless basis and such
amount calculated at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such
instance)), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent applicable,
an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such
parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender or Issuing Lender shall deliver
any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (but the failure of such Person to deliver any such Notes
shall not affect the effectiveness of the foregoing assignment), (B) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to
have acquired the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (C) upon such deemed acquisition, the

117

Administrative
Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment
Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Lender shall cease to be a Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable,
hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under
the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender or assigning
Issuing Lender and (D) the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall each be deemed to have waived any consents required under this
Agreement to any such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and (E) the Administrative Agent will reflect in the Register its ownership
interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency
Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.

(ii) Subject
to Section 10.02 (but excluding, in all events, any assignment consent or approval requirements (whether from the Borrower or otherwise)),
the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon
receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net
proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims
against such Lender (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). In addition, an Erroneous Payment Return
Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender (x) shall be reduced by the proceeds of prepayments or repayments of principal and interest,
or other distribution in respect of principal and interest, received by the Administrative Agent on or with respect to any such Loans
acquired from such Lender pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment (to the extent that any such Loans are then owned by
the Administrative Agent) and (y) may, in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, be reduced by any amount specified by the Administrative
Agent in writing to the applicable Lender from time to time.

(e)The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that
an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion
thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and,
in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party, to the rights and
interests of such Lender, Issuing Lender or Secured Party, as the case may be) under the Loan Documents with respect to such amount (the
Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights) (provided that the Borrowers and each Guarantors Obligations
under the Loan Documents in respect of the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall not be duplicative of such Obligations in respect
of Loans that have been assigned to the Administrative Agent under an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) and (y) an Erroneous Payment
shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any Guarantor; provided that
this Section 8.11 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating
the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower or any Guarantor relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Obligations
that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent; provided,

118

further,
that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is,
and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from,
or on behalf of (including through the exercise of remedies under any Loan Document), the Borrower or any Guarantor for the purpose of
making such Erroneous Payment.

(f)To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby
waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or
counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense
based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine.

(g)Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of
the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Lender, the termination
of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document.

SECTION 9.

GUARANTY

Section 9.01.Guaranty.

(a)Each of the Guarantors unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably guarantees the due and punctual payment by the Borrower of the
Obligations (including interest accruing on and after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or of reorganization of the obligor whether
or not post filing interest is allowed in such proceeding) (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations and the obligations
of each Guarantor in respect thereof, its Guaranty Obligations). Each of the Guarantors further agrees that, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, the Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent
from it, and it will remain bound upon this guaranty notwithstanding any extension or renewal of any of the Obligations. The Guaranteed
Obligations of the Guarantors shall be joint and several. Each of the Guarantors further agrees that its guaranty hereunder is a primary
obligation of such Guarantor and not merely a contract of surety.

(b)To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Guarantors waives presentation to, demand for payment from and protest to
the Borrower or any other Guarantor, and also waives notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall
not, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be affected by (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a
Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against the Borrower or any other Guarantor under the provisions
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise; (ii) any extension or renewal of any provision hereof or thereof; (iii) any
rescission, waiver, compromise, acceleration, amendment or modification of any of the terms or provisions of any of the Loan Documents;
(iv) the release, exchange, waiver or foreclosure of any security held by the Collateral Agent for the Obligations or any of them; (v)
the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender to exercise any right or remedy against any other Guarantor;
or (vi) the release or substitution of any Collateral or any other Guarantor.

119

(c)To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Guarantors further agrees that this guaranty constitutes a guaranty of payment
when due and not just of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent or a Lender to any security held for payment of the Obligations or to any balance of any deposit, account or credit on the books
of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender in favor of the Borrower or any other Guarantor, or to any other Person.

(d)To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of the Guarantors hereby waives any defense that it might have based on a failure
to remain informed of the financial condition of the Borrower and of any other Guarantor and any circumstances affecting the ability of
the Borrower to perform under this Agreement.

(e)To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantors guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity,
regularity or enforceability of the Obligations or any other instrument evidencing any Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability,
perfection, or extent of any collateral therefor or by any other circumstance relating to the Obligations which might otherwise constitute
a defense to this guaranty (other than payment in full in cash of the Obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other
than those that constitute unasserted contingent indemnification obligations)). Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of the Lenders
makes any representation or warranty in respect to any such circumstances or shall have any duty or responsibility whatsoever to any Guarantor
in respect of the management and maintenance of the Obligations.

(f)Upon the occurrence of the Obligations becoming due and payable (by acceleration or otherwise), the Lenders shall be entitled to
immediate payment of such Obligations by the Guarantors upon written demand by the Administrative Agent.

Section 9.02.No Impairment of Guaranty. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation or impairment for any reason, including,
without limitation, any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise, other than pursuant to a written agreement in compliance
with Section 10.08 and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of
the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of the Obligations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure
of the Administrative Agent or a Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement or any other agreement,
by any waiver or modification of any provision hereof or thereof, by any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance
of the Obligations, or by any other act or thing or omission or delay to do any other act or thing which may or might in any manner or
to any extent vary the risk of the Guarantors or would otherwise operate as a discharge of the Guarantors as a matter of law.

120

Section 9.03.Continuation and Reinstatement, etc.Each Guarantor further agrees
that its guaranty hereunder shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof,
of any Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders, any Lender or any other
Secured Party upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or
a Guarantor, or otherwise.

Section 9.04.Subrogation. Upon payment by any Guarantor of any sums to the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender hereunder, all rights of such Guarantor against the Borrower arising
as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation or otherwise, shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to
the prior payment in full of all the Obligations (including interest accruing on and after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or
of reorganization of an obligor whether or not post filing interest is allowed in such proceeding). If any amount shall be paid to such
Guarantor for the account of the Borrower relating to the Obligations
prior to payment in full of the Obligations, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to be credited and applied to the Obligations, whether matured
or unmatured.

Section 9.05.Discharge of Guaranty.

(a)In the event of any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of any Guarantor, by way of merger, consolidation
or otherwise, or a sale or other disposition of all Capital Stock of any Guarantor, in each case to a Person that is not (either before
or after giving effect to such transactions) the Borrower or a Guarantor or the merger or consolidation of a Guarantor with or into the
Borrower or another Guarantor, in each case, in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, then such Guarantor (in the event of a sale
or other disposition, by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, of all of the Capital Stock of such Guarantor) or the corporation
acquiring the property (in the event of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of such Guarantor) will
be automatically released and relieved of any obligations under its Guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations.

(b)Upon the request of the Borrower, the guarantee of any Guarantor that is an Immaterial Subsidiary shall be promptly released; provided
that (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall result therefrom and (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered
a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that such Subsidiary is an Immaterial Subsidiary; provided further that a Subsidiary
that is considered not to be an Immaterial Subsidiary solely pursuant to clause (i)(1) of the second proviso of the definition thereof
shall, solely for purposes of this clause (b), be considered an Immaterial Subsidiary, so long as any applicable guarantee, pledge or
other obligation of such Subsidiary with respect to any Junior Secured Debt shall be irrevocably released and discharged substantially
simultaneously with the release of such guarantee hereunder.

(c)The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to execute and deliver, at the Borrowers
expense, such documents as the Borrower or any Guarantor may reasonably request to evidence the release of the guarantee of such Guarantor
provided herein.

121

SECTION 10.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.01.Notices.

(a)Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b)
below), all notices and other communications provided for herein or under any other Loan Document shall be in writing (including by facsimile),
and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:

(i)if to the Borrower or any Guarantor, to it at Spirit Airlines, Inc., 2800 Executive Way, Miramar, FL 33025, telephone: (954) 447-7976,
facsimile: (954) 447-7854, email: TreasuryRisk@spirit.com; Attention: Treasury Department;

(ii)if to Citibank as Administrative Agent, to it at Citibank, N.A., 338 Greenwich St., New York, NY 10013, Attn: Albert P. Mari, email:
albert.p.mari@citi.com and peter.traina@citi.om, telephone: (212) 816-1807, with a copy to Citibank Delaware, One Penns Way, OPS 2/2,
New Castle, Delaware 19720, telephone: (302) 894-6010, facsimile: (646) 274-5080; Attention: Agency Operations;

(iii)if to an Issuing Lender that is a Lender, to it at its address determined pursuant to clause (iv) below or, if to an Issuing Lender
that is not a Lender, to it at the address most recently specified by it in notice delivered by it to the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower, unless no such notice has been received, in which case to it in care of its Affiliate that is a Lender at its address determined
pursuant to clause (iv);

(iv)if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in Annex A hereto or, if subsequently delivered, an
Assignment and Acceptance; and

(v)if to Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Collateral Agent, to it at Wilmington Trust, National Association, Rodney Square
North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, telephone: (302) 636-6296, facsimile: (302) 636-4140; Attention: Jacqueline
Solone

(b)Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to
procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Section 2 unless
otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its reasonable
discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved
by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

122

(c)Any party hereto may change its address, telecopy number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice
to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt.

Section 10.02.Successors and Assigns.

(a)The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower
may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and
any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void), provided that the foregoing
shall not restrict any transaction permitted by Section 6.10, and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations
hereunder except in accordance with this Section 10.02. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer
upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an
Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 10.02) and, to
the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Lenders and
the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

(b)(i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all
or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment and the Loans
at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of:

(A)the Administrative Agent; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment if the
assignee is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender, in each case so long as such assignee is an Eligible Assignee;
and

(B)the Borrower; provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment (I) if an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing or (II) if the assignee is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender, in each case
so long as such assignee is an Eligible Assignee; provided, further, that the Borrowers consent will be deemed given
with respect to a proposed assignment if no response is received with ten (10) Business Days after having received a written request from
such Lender pursuant to this Section 10.02(b).

(ii)Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A)any assignment of any portion of the Total Revolving Commitment, Revolving Loans and LC Exposure shall be made to an Eligible Assignee;

123

(B)except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender or an assignment of the
entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Revolving Commitment or Loans, the amount of such Commitment or Loans of the assigning
Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered
to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000, and after giving effect to such assignment, the portion of the Loan or
Commitment held by the assigning Lender of the same tranche as the assigned portion of the Loan or Commitment shall not be less than $5,000,000,
in each case unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; provided that no consent of the Borrower shall
be required with respect to such assignment if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; provided, further, that
any such assignment shall be in increments of $500,000 in excess of the minimum amount described above;

(C)each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations
under this Agreement;

(D)the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with
a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 for the account of the Administrative Agent; and

(E)the assignee, if it was not a Lender immediately prior to such assignment, shall deliver (i) to the Administrative Agent an administrative
questionnaire in a form as the Administrative Agent may require and (ii) any documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.16.

For the purposes of this Section
10.02(b), the term Approved Fund means with respect to any Lender, any Person (other than a natural person) that
is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business
and that is administered or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of such Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity
that administers or manages such Lender.

(iii)Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section 10.02, from and after the effective date
specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned
by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Revolving Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender
thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this
Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under
this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.16
and 10.04). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section
10.02 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance
with paragraph (d) of this Section 10.02.

124

(iv)The Administrative Agent shall maintain at its offices a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register
for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Revolving Commitments of, and principal amount (and stated interest)
of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register).
The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the
Issuing Lenders and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender
hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by
the Borrower, the Issuing Lenders and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(v)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no assignment may be made hereunder to any Defaulting Lender or any
of its subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this
clause (v).

(vi)In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment will be effective
unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment make such additional payments
to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment,
purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting
Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment
liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Borrower, Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and each other Revolving Lender
hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations
in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Aggregate Exposure Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment
of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder becomes effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions
of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until
such compliance occurs.

(c)Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignees
completed administrative questionnaire in a form as the Administrative Agent may require (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender
hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment
required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the information
contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment
required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(a), 8.04 or 10.04(d), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such
Assignment and Acceptance and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full,
together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded
in the Register as provided in this paragraph.

125

(d)(i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Issuing
Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans); provided that (A) such
Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties
hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Lenders
and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations
under this Agreement and (D) no Participant may be an Affiliate of the Borrower or any Guarantor, or any natural person (or a holding
company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of any natural person). Any agreement or
instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce
this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement
or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver
described in the first proviso to Section 10.08(a) that affects such Participant. Subject to Section 10.02(d)(ii), the Borrower agrees
that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14 and 2.16 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired
its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.02(b). To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the
benefits of Section 8.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to the requirements of Section 8.08
as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower,
shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest)
of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register);
provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including
the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit
or its other obligations under this Agreement or any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish
that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States
Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender, the Borrower,
a Guarantor and the Administrative Agent shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register pursuant to the terms
hereof as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.

(ii)A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.14 or 2.16 than the applicable Lender would
have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant and shall be subject to the terms of Section
2.18(a). The Lender selling the participation to such Participant shall be subject to the terms of Section 2.18(b) if such Participant
requests compensation or additional amounts pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were
a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.16 unless such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply
with Sections 2.16(f), 2.16(g) and 2.16(h) as though it were a Lender.

126

(e)Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure
obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other
central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 10.02 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security
interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations
hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(f)Any Lender may, in connection with any assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation pursuant to this Section
10.02, disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant, any information relating to the Borrower or any of
the Guarantors furnished to such Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of the Guarantors; provided that prior to any such
disclosure, each such assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant provides to the Administrative Agent its agreement in
writing to be bound for the benefit of the Borrower by either the provisions of Section 10.03 or other provisions at least as restrictive
as Section 10.03.

Section 10.03.Confidentiality. Each Lender agrees to keep any information delivered
or made available by the Borrower or any of the Guarantors to it confidential,
in accordance with its customary procedures, from anyone other than persons employed or retained by such Lender who are or are expected
to become engaged in evaluating, approving, structuring or administering the Loans, and who are advised by such Lender of the confidential
nature of such information; provided that nothing herein shall prevent any Lender from disclosing such information (a) to any of
its Affiliates and their respective agents, advisors and service providers (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure
is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential) or to any
other Lender or any other party hereto, (b) upon the order of any court or administrative agency, (c) upon the request or demand of any
regulatory agency or authority (including any self-regulatory authority), (d) which has been publicly disclosed other than as a result
of a disclosure by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender which is not permitted by this Agreement, (e) in connection
with any litigation to which the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, or their respective Affiliates may be a party
to the extent reasonably required under applicable rules of discovery, (f) to the extent reasonably required in connection with the exercise
of any remedy or enforcement of rights hereunder, (g) to such Lenders legal counsel and independent auditors, (h) on a confidential
basis to any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or the Revolving Facility, (i) with the
consent of the Borrower, and (j) to any actual or proposed participant or assignee
of all or part of its rights hereunder, to any direct or indirect contractual counterparty (or the professional advisors thereto) to any
swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations
or to any credit insurance provider relating to the Borrower and its obligations, in each case, subject to the proviso in Section 10.02(f)
(with any reference to any assignee or participant set forth in such proviso being deemed to include a reference to such contractual counterparty
or credit insurance provider for purposes of this Section 10.03(j)). If any Lender is in any manner requested or required to disclose
any of the information delivered or made available to it by the Borrower or
any of the Guarantors under clauses (b) or (e) of this Section, such Lender will, to the extent permitted by law, provide the Borrower
or such Guarantor with prompt notice, to the extent reasonable, so that the Borrower
or such Guarantor may seek, at its sole expense, a protective order or other
appropriate remedy or may waive compliance with this Section 10.03.

127

Section 10.04.Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a)(i) The Borrower shall pay or reimburse: (A) all reasonable fees and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent
(including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of Milbank LLP, special counsel to the Administrative Agent) and the Collateral
Agent (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges (other than Taxes, except to the extent expressly described in clause
(C) hereof) of Alston & Bird LLP, special counsel to the Collateral Agent) associated with the syndication of the credit facilities
provided for herein, and the preparation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of
the provisions hereof requested by the Borrower (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated);
and (B) in connection with any enforcement of the Loan Documents, (x) all fees and out-of-pocket expenses (other than Taxes, except to
the extent expressly described in clause (C) hereof) of each Agent (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of
a single counsel for each of the Agents) incurred during the continuance of a Default, and (y) all such fees and expenses (other than
Taxes, except to the extent expressly described in clause (C) hereof ) of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders
(including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the
Lenders, which may be separate counsel) incurred during the continuance of an Event of Default; and (C) all reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket
costs, expenses, taxes, assessments and other charges (including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel for each
of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in connection with any
filing, registration, recording or perfection of any security interest contemplated by any Loan Document or incurred in connection with
any release or addition of Collateral after the Closing Date.

(ii)All payments or reimbursements pursuant to the foregoing clause (a)(i) shall be paid within thirty (30) days of written demand
together with back-up documentation supporting such reimbursement request.

(b)The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Lenders and each Lender, and each Related
Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee
harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements
of any counsel for any Indemnitee, arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of any actual or prospective claim, litigation,
investigation or proceeding, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto
and whether or not any such claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding is brought by the Borrower, its equity holders, its Affiliates,
its creditors or any other Person (including any investigating, preparing for or defending any such claims, actions, suits, investigations
or proceedings, whether or not in connection with pending or threatened litigation in which such Indemnitee is a party), relating to (i)
the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto
of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other

128

transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Lender
to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply
with the terms of such Letter of Credit) or (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property
owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to, or asserted against,
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent
that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable
judgment to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (or of any Related Party that
is a controlled Affiliate of such Indemnitee (a Controlled Related Party)), and any such Indemnitee shall repay
the Borrower the amount of any expenses previously reimbursed by the Borrower in connection with any such loss, claims, damages, expenses
or liability to such Indemnitee and, to the extent not repaid by any of them, such Indemnitees Controlled Related Parties not
a party to this Agreement. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than Taxes that represent losses or damages
arising from any non-Tax claim.

(c)In case any action or proceeding shall be brought or asserted against an Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity may be sought
against the Borrower under the provisions of any Loan Document, such Indemnitee shall promptly notify the Borrower in writing and the
Borrower shall, if requested by such Indemnitee or if the Borrower desires to do so, assume the defense thereof, including the employment
of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee but only if (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii)
such action or proceeding does not involve any risk of criminal liability or material risk of material civil money penalties being imposed
on such Indemnitee. The Borrower shall not enter into any settlement of any such action or proceeding that admits any Indemnitees
misconduct or negligence. The failure to so notify the Borrower shall not affect any obligations the Borrower may have to such Indemnitee
under the Loan Documents or otherwise other than to the extent that the Borrower is materially adversely affected by such failure. The
Indemnitees shall have the right to employ separate counsel in such action or proceeding and participate in the defense thereof, but the
fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitees unless: (i) the Borrower has agreed to pay such fees and
expenses, (ii) the Borrower has failed to assume the defense of such action or proceeding and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to
the Indemnitees or (iii) the Indemnitees shall have been advised in writing by counsel that under prevailing ethical standards there may
be a conflict between the positions of the Borrower and the Indemnitees in conducting the defense of such action or proceeding or that
there may be legal defenses available to the Indemnitees different from or in addition to those available to the Borrower, in which case,
if the Indemnitees notify the Borrower in writing that they elect to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Borrower, the Borrower
shall not have the right to assume the defense of such action or proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitees; provided, however, that the
Borrower shall not, in connection with any one such action or proceeding or separate but substantially similar or related actions or proceedings
in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be responsible hereunder for the reasonable fees
and expenses of more than one such firm of separate counsel, in addition to any local counsel. The Borrower shall not be liable for any
settlement of any such action or proceeding effected without the written consent of the Borrower (which shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed).

129

(d)To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent, as the case may be, such portion of the unpaid amount equal to such Lenders Aggregate Exposure Percentage (determined as
of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought); provided that the unreimbursed expense or
indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such.

(e)To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereto shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any other party
hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions,
any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that the foregoing will not relieve the Borrower of any
obligation it may have to indemnify any Indemnitee pursuant to Section 10.04(b). No Indemnitee referred to in paragraph (b) above shall
be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through
telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (except to the extent determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court
of competent jurisdiction to have arisen from the bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnitee or any Controlled
Related Party of such Indemnitee).

Section 10.05.Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.

(a)This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claim, controversy, dispute, proceeding or cause of action (whether based on
contract, tort or any other theory and whether at law or in equity) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other
Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

(b)Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District
of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding (whether based on contract,
tort or any other theory and whether at law or in equity) arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and each of the parties hereto
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined
in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final
judgment in any such action or proceeding shall, to the extent permitted by law, be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions
by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

130

(c)Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any
objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement in any court referred to in Section 10.05(b). Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

(d)Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 10.01. Nothing
in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

Section 10.06.No Waiver. No failure on the part of the Administrative Agent,
the Collateral Agent or any of the Lenders to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder or any of the
other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. All remedies hereunder are cumulative and are
not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

Section 10.07.Extension of Maturity. Should any payment of principal of or interest
or any other amount due hereunder become due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to
the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of principal, interest shall be payable thereon at the rate herein specified during
such extension.

Section 10.08.Amendments, etc.

(a)No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of (i) this Agreement, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or
any Guarantor therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders (or signed
by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) or (ii) any Collateral Document, and no consent to any departure
by the Borrower or any Guarantor therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Collateral
Agent (with the consent of the Required Lenders), and, in each case, then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific
instance and for the purpose for which given; provided, however, that, subject to Section 2.09(b) of this Agreement, no
such modification or amendment shall without the prior written consent of:

(i)each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (A) increase the Commitment of any Lender or extend the termination date of
the Commitment of any Lender (it being understood that a waiver of an Event of Default shall not constitute an increase in or extension
of the termination date of the Commitment of a Lender), or (B) reduce the principal amount of any Loan, any reimbursement obligation in
respect of any Letter of Credit issued by it, or the rate of interest payable thereon (provided that only the consent of the Required
Lenders (or in the case of any such reimbursement obligation, the applicable Issuing Lender) shall be necessary for a waiver of default
interest referred to in Section 2.08), or extend any date for the payment of interest or Fees hereunder or reduce any Fees payable hereunder
or extend the final stated maturity of the Revolving Loans or reimbursement or cash collateralization obligations in respect of Letters
of Credit or (C) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.17(b); and

131

(ii)all of the Lenders (A) amend or modify any provision of this Agreement which provides for the unanimous consent or approval of
the Lenders, (B) amend this Section 10.08 that has the effect of changing the number or percentage of Lenders that must approve any modification,
amendment, waiver or consent or modify the percentage of the Lenders required in the definition of Required Lenders, (C) release all or
substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document (except
to the extent contemplated by Section 6.09 on the Closing Date or by the terms of the Collateral Documents) or (D) subordinate the Obligations
or the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document in respect of the Collateral to any Lien securing
any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (except to the extent contemplated by the terms of the Collateral Documents);

provided further, that any Collateral Document
may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified with the consent of the applicable Grantor and the Collateral Agent (i) to add assets
(or categories of assets) to the Collateral covered by such Collateral Document, as contemplated by the definition of Additional Collateral
set forth in Section 1.01 hereof or (ii) to remove any asset or type or category of asset (including after-acquired assets of that type
or category) from the Collateral covered by such Collateral Document to the extent the release thereof is permitted by Section 6.09(c).

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary
set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, without the consent of any Lender or the Collateral Agent, the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent may enter into one or more amendments hereto or to any other Loan Document in furtherance of the adoption of a Benchmark Replacement
mutually determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.30(a) of this Agreement and such amendments shall
be binding on each Lender, unless the Required Lenders have delivered a written notice of objection to such amendment(s) in accordance
with Section 2.30(a).

(b)No such amendment or modification shall adversely affect the rights and obligations of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent or any Issuing Lender hereunder without its prior written consent.

(c)No notice to or demand on the Borrower or any Guarantor shall entitle the Borrower or any Guarantor to any other or further notice
or demand in the same, similar or other circumstances. Each assignee under Section 10.02(b) shall be bound by any amendment, modification,
waiver, or consent authorized as provided herein, and any consent by a Lender shall bind any Person subsequently acquiring an interest
on the Loans held by such Lender. No amendment to this Agreement shall be effective against the Borrower or any Guarantor unless signed
by the Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be.

(d)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 10.08(a), (i) in the event that either the Borrower requests that
this Agreement be modified or amended in a manner which would require the unanimous consent of all of the Lenders or the consent of all
Lenders

132

directly
and adversely affected thereby and, in each case, such modification or amendment is agreed to by the Required Lenders, then the Borrower
may replace any non-consenting Lender in accordance with Section 10.02; provided that such amendment or modification can be effected
as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Borrower to be made
pursuant to this clause (i)); and (ii) if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error or
any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature in any provision of the Loan Documents, then the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of
any other party to any Loan Document if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five (5) Business Days
after written notice thereof to the Lenders.

(e)[Reserved].

(f)In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 10.08(a), this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other
Loan Documents, may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower (a) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to
time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (b) to include appropriately
the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders.

(g)In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 7.01 or Section 10.08(a), following the consummation
of any Extension pursuant to Section 2.28, no modification, amendment or waiver (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any forbearance
agreement entered into with respect to this Agreement) shall limit the right of any non-extending Revolving Lender (each, a Non-Extending
Lender) to enforce its right to receive payment of amounts due and owing to such Non-Extending Lender on the Revolving Facility
Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Commitments of such Non-Extending Lenders without the prior written consent of Non-Extending
Lenders that would constitute Required Lenders if the Non-Extending Lenders were the only Lenders hereunder at the time.

(h)It is understood that the amendment provisions of this Section 10.08 shall not apply to extensions of the Revolving Facility Maturity
Date or the maturity date of any tranche of Revolving Commitments, in each case, made in accordance with Section 2.28.

Section 10.09.Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality
or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity
of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 10.10.Headings. Section headings used herein are for convenience only
and are not to affect the construction of or be taken into consideration in interpreting this Agreement.

133

Section 10.11.Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties
made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall
be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its
behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender may have had notice or
knowledge of any Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder. The provisions
of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 10.04 and Section 8 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments,
or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.

Section 10.12.Execution in Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement
may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original,
but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement constitutes the entire contract among the parties
relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to
the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed
by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear
the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or
electronic .pdf copy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

Section 10.13.USA Patriot Act; Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Each Lender that
is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Borrower and
each Guarantor that pursuant to the requirements of the Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the
Borrower and each Guarantor, which information includes the name and address
of the Borrower and each Guarantor and other information that will allow
such Lender to identify the Borrower and each Guarantor in accordance
with the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, and, if (i) the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer
under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and (ii) requested by any Lender in writing, the Borrower shall deliver to such Lender a Beneficial
Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower.

Section 10.14.New Value. It is the intention of the parties hereto that any provision of Collateral by a Grantor as a condition to, or
in connection with, the making of any Loan or the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, shall be made as a contemporaneous exchange
for new value given by the Lenders or Issuing Lenders, as the case may be, to the Borrower.

Section 10.15.WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON 

134

CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER
THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE
OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION 10.15.

Section 10.16.No Fiduciary Duty. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent,
each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders), may have economic
interests that conflict with those of the Borrower, its stockholders and/or
its affiliates. The Borrower agree that nothing in the Loan Documents
or otherwise related to the Transactions will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other
implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and the Borrower, its
stockholders or its affiliates, on the other hand. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) the transactions contemplated by
the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arms-length commercial transactions
between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Borrower and the Guarantors,
on the other hand, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary
responsibility in favor of the Borrower, its stockholders or its affiliates
with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading
thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise the Borrower,
its stockholders or its affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to the Borrower except
the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary
of the Borrower, its management, stockholders, affiliates, creditors or
any other Person. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that it has consulted
its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment
with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. The Borrower agrees
that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to
the Borrower, in connection with such transaction or the process leading
thereto.

Section 10.17.Intercreditor Agreements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent shall enter into any intercreditor agreement pursuant to and as permitted
by the terms of this Agreement (any such intercreditor agreement, including, without limitation, the Notes Priority Collateral Intercreditor
Agreement and the Revolving Priority Collateral Intercreditor Agreement, an Intercreditor Agreement) and such Intercreditor
Agreement shall remain outstanding, the rights granted to the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the lien and
security interest granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document and the exercise of any right
or remedy by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be subject to the terms
and conditions of such Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document
and such Intercreditor Agreement, the terms of such Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control with respect to any right or remedy,
and no right, power or remedy granted to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall
be exercised by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and no direction shall be given by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent, in contravention of such Intercreditor Agreement.

135

Section 10.18.Registrations with International Registry. Each of the parties hereto (i) consents to the registrations with the International
Registry of the International Interests constituted by the Aircraft and Spare Engine Mortgage, and (ii) covenants and agrees that it will
take all such action reasonably requested by the Borrower or Collateral Agent in order to make any registrations with the International
Registry, including without limitation establishing a valid and existing account with the International Registry and appointing an Administrator
and/or a Professional User reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent to make registrations with respect to the Mortgaged Collateral
and providing consents to any registration as may be contemplated by the Loan Documents.

Section 10.19.Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions(a). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that
any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be
subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and
agrees to be bound by:

(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising
hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
or

(iii)the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority.

Section 10.20.Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee
or otherwise, for Hedging Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support
and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution
power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolutions Regimes)
in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents
and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other
state of the United States):

136

In the event a Covered Entity
that is a party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution
Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such
Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support) from such
Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the
Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the
United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject
to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported
QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than
such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

Section 10.21.Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or
agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the
Maximum Rate). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate,
the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower.
In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate,
such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or
premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread
in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.

Section 10.22.Certain ERISA Matters.

(a)Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any Guarantor, that at least one of the following
is and will be true:

(i)such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit
Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters
of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement;

(ii)the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by independent qualified

137

professional
asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class
exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers),
is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the
Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement;

(iii)(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part
VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements
of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a)
of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or

(iv)such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion,
and such Lender

(b)In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or
(2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding
clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of,
the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower,
that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such
Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments
and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral
Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto).

Section 10.23.Amendment and Restatement. On the Closing Date, the Existing Credit
Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety by this Agreement and (a) all references to the Existing Credit Agreement in any
Loan Document other than this Agreement (including in any amendment, waiver or consent) shall be deemed to refer to the Existing Credit
Agreement as amended and restated hereby, (b) all references to any section (or subsection) of the Existing Credit Agreement in any Loan
Document (but not herein) shall be amended to be, mutatis mutandis, references to the corresponding provisions of this Agreement
and (c) except as the context otherwise requires, all references to this Agreement herein (including for purposes of indemnification and
reimbursement of fees) shall be deemed to be reference to the Existing 

138

Credit Agreement as amended and restated hereby.
Neither this Agreement nor the execution, deliver or effectiveness of this Agreement shall extinguish the obligations outstanding under
the Existing Credit Agreement, this Agreement or any Collateral Document or discharge or release the Lien of any Collateral Document or
any other security therefor. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding
under the Existing Credit Agreement, this Agreement or any Collateral Document or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in
full force and effect, except to any extent modified hereby or by instruments executed concurrently herewith. Nothing implied in this
Agreement, any Collateral Document or in any other document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed as a release or other discharge
by the Lenders (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) under the Existing Credit Agreement or any Collateral Document. Each of the
Existing Credit Agreement and the Collateral Documents shall remain in full force and effect, until (as applicable) and except to any
extent modified hereby or in connection herewith.

139

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed as of the day and the year first written.

SPIRIT AIRLINES, INC., as Borrower

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: General Counsel

Signature Page Amended and Restated Credit
and Guaranty Agreement

CITIBANK,
N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: /s/ Albert Mari, Jr.

Name: Albert Mari, Jr.

Title: Senior Trust Officer

Signature Page Amended and Restated Credit
and Guaranty Agreement

CITIBANK,
N.A., as a Lender and Issuing Lender

By: /s/ Michael Leonard

Name: Michael Leonard

Title: Vice President

Signature Page Amended and Restated Credit
and Guaranty Agreement

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender

By: /s/ Charlene Saldanha

Name: Charlene Saldanha

Title: Director

Signature Page Amended and Restated Credit
and Guaranty Agreement

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender

By: /s/ Philip Tancorra

Name: Philip Tancorra

Title: Director

By: /s/ Suzan Onal

Name: Suzan Onal

Title: Director

Signature Page Amended and Restated Credit
and Guaranty Agreement

MORGAN
STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., as a Lender

By: /s/ Michael King

Name: Michael King

Title: Vice President

Signature Page Amended and Restated Credit
and Guaranty Agreement

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By: /s/ Alex Melton

Name: Alex Melton

Title: Assistant Vice President

Signature Page Amended and Restated Credit
and Guaranty Agreement

ANNEX A

to Credit and Guaranty Agreement

LENDERS AND COMMITMENTS

A. Total Revolving Commitments

Revolving Lender 

Revolving Commitment 

Citibank, N.A. $55,000,000

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. $82,500,000

Barclays Bank PLC $82,500,000

Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch $55,000,000

TOTAL: 

$275,000,000 

Total Revolving Commitments as of September 30, 2026 

Revolving Lender 

Revolving Commitment 

Citibank, N.A. $50,000,000

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. $75,000,000

Barclays Bank PLC $75,000,000

Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch $50,000,000

TOTAL: 

$250,000,000 

B. Lender Notices

Citibank, N.A.

c/o Citibank Delaware

One Penns Way

OPS 2/2

New Castle, DE 19720

Attn: Agency Operations

Phone: (302) 894-6010

Fax: (646) 274-5080

Borrower inquiries only: AgencyABTFSupport@citi.com

Borrower notifications: AgencyABTFSupport@citi.com

Disclosure Team Mail (Financial Reporting): Oploanswebadmin@citi.com

Investor Relations Team (investor inquiries only): global.loans.support@citi.com

With a copy to:

Citibank, NA

388 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10013

Attn: Albert P. Mari

Phone: (212) 816-1807

albert.p.mari@citi.com and peter.traina@citi.com

Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.

c/o Morgan Stanley Loan Servicing

1300 Thames Street Wharf, 4th Floor

Baltimore, Maryland 21231

Facsimile: (443) 627-4355

Email: MSLoanNotices@morganstanley.com

Barclays Bank PLC

US Loan Operations

745 7th Avenue

New York, NY 10019

Fax: (1) 972 535 5728

Email: 19725355728@tls.ldsprod.com; titans@barclays.com; knights@barclays.com

Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch

Attn: Jason Rotkowitz, Nhi Nguyen

1 Columbus Circle

New York, NY 10019

Phone: 212-250-4512, 212-250-0946

Email: Jason.rotkowitz@db.com, Nhi.Nguyen@db.com ; LDCM.NAservicing@db.com

ANNEX B

to Credit and Guaranty Agreement

LIST OF AIRCRAFT AND ENGINE APPRAISERS

Aviation Specialists Group, Inc.

AVITAS, Inc.

Ascend FG Advisory

IBA Group Ltd

ICF International, Inc.

Morten, Beyer and Agnew

EXHIBIT A

to Credit and Guaranty Agreement

FORM OF INSTRUMENT OF ASSUMPTION AND JOINDER

EXHIBIT B

to Credit and Guaranty Agreement

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE

EXHIBIT C

to Credit and Guaranty Agreement

FORM OF LOAN REQUEST

EXHIBIT D

to Credit and Guaranty Agreement

FORM OF REVOLVING PRIORITY COLLATERAL INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT E

to Credit and Guaranty Agreement

FORM OF NOTES PRIORITY COLLATERAL INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENT

SCHEDULE 3.06

to Credit and Guaranty Agreement

SUBSIDIARIES

OF

SPIRIT
AIRLINES, INC.

Subsidiary Jurisdiction or Organization/Formation Owner Ownership Percentage

Spirit Finance Cayman 1 Ltd. Cayman Islands Spirit Airlines, Inc. 100.0%

Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. Cayman Islands Spirit Finance Cayman 1 Ltd. 100.0%

Spirit IP Cayman Ltd. Cayman Islands Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. 100.0%

Spirit Loyalty Cayman Ltd. Cayman Islands Spirit Finance Cayman 2 Ltd. 100.0%
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dp226079_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT

This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
(this Agreement), dated as of March 12, 2025, is entered into by and among (i) Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and (ii) the beneficial and record holders of New Common Stock and New Common
Stock Equivalents (each, as defined below) as of the date hereof, who have executed signature pages to this Agreement or are deemed parties
hereto pursuant to an order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York confirming the Plan (as defined
below) pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code (as defined below) (collectively with transferees of New Common Stock and New Common
Stock Equivalents to whom any Person who is a party to this Agreement shall assign any rights hereunder in accordance with SECTION
4.5 herein, the Holders).

WHEREAS, in accordance with
the Plan, the Company has agreed to grant to the Holders the registration rights set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to
the obligations of the Company and the Holders under the Plan and in consideration of the premises, mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter
contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1Definitions. In addition to the definitions set forth above, the following terms, as used herein, have the following
meanings:

Affiliate
means, when used with reference to any Person, any Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
controlled by or is under common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, except as used in SECTION 2.9, an
Affiliate of a Holder shall include (to the extent not already included as an Affiliate pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentence) any investment fund, alternative investment vehicle, special purpose vehicle or holding company that (i) is directly or indirectly
managed, advised, sub-advised or controlled by such Holder or any Affiliate of such Holder, (ii) is managed, advised or sub-advised by
the same investment adviser as, or an Affiliate of the investment adviser of, such Holder or (iii) is a party to a derivative or participation
transaction with such Holder pursuant to which there is a transfer of the economics of ownership of securities to or from such Holder;
provided, however, that neither the Company nor any of its controlled Affiliates shall be deemed an Affiliate of any of the Holders (and
vice versa). As used in this definition, the term control, including the correlative terms controlling,
controlled by and under common control with, means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct
or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or any partnership or other ownership interest,
by contract or otherwise) of a Person.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Bankruptcy Code
means title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. 1011532, as amended.

Block Trade
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.2(a).

Board of Directors
means the board of directors of the Company.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in
fact closed in, the state of New York.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof.

Consenting Convertible
Noteholders has the meaning set forth in the Plan.

Consenting Senior
Secured Noteholders has the meaning set forth in the Plan.

Contracting Parties
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 4.11.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FINRA
means Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Form S-1
means Form S-1 promulgated under the Securities Act or applicable successor form.

Form S-3
means Form S-3 promulgated under the Securities Act or applicable successor form.

Governmental Authority
means the government of any nation, state, city, locality or other political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, and any corporation or other entity owned or controlled,
through stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing.

Holder
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof, and Holders means all Holders, collectively.

Holders Counsel
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.5(a)(i).

Indemnified Party
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.9(c).

Indemnifying Party
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.9(c).

Initial Notice
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.3(a).

Initiating Take-Down
Holder(s) has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.2(a).

2

Joinder
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 4.5.

Liability
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.9(a).

National Securities
Exchange means the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market; provided that
NYSE American and the Nasdaq Capital Market shall also be considered a National Securities Exchange if the Company does not meet the listing
requirements for the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market as of the date of this Agreement.

New Common Stock
means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, and any shares or capital stock for or into which such common stock
hereafter is exchanged, converted, reclassified or recapitalized by the Company or pursuant to an agreement to which the Company is a
party.

New Common Stock
Equivalents means New Common Stock and any rights, warrants, options, convertible securities or indebtedness, exchangeable
securities or indebtedness, or other rights, exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into, directly or indirectly, New Common Stock
and securities convertible or exchangeable into New Common Stock, whether at the time of issuance or upon the passage of time or the occurrence
of some future event.

Non-party Affiliates
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 4.11.

Other Coordinated
Offering has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.2(a).

Person
means any individual, corporation, company, voluntary association, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust, estate,
unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority or other entity and shall include any group within the meaning of the
regulations promulgated by the Commission under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

Piggyback Notice
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.3(a).

Piggyback Registration
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.3(a).

Piggyback Shelf
Take-Down has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.3(a).

Piggyback Take-Down
Notice has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.2(d)(iv).

Plan
means the Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Spirit Airlines, Inc. and its Debtor Affiliates (including all appendices, exhibits,
schedules, and supplements, and as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time).

Prospectus
means the prospectus or prospectuses included in any Registration Statement (including a prospectus that includes any information previously
omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective Registration Statement in reliance on Rule 430A under the Securities Act or any
successor rule thereto), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion
of the New Common Stock Equivalents covered by such Registration Statement and by all other amendments and supplements to the prospectus,

3

including post-effective amendments and all material
incorporated by reference in such prospectus or prospectuses or any such prospectus supplement.

Records
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.5(a)(viii).

Registrable Securities
means any New Common Stock held by any Holder, either of record or beneficially (including any issuable or issued upon exercise, exchange
or conversion of any New Common Stock Equivalents) as of the date hereof, that (1) was not issued pursuant to section 1145(a) of the Bankruptcy
Code in accordance with the effectiveness of the Plan and therefore constitutes restricted securities or (2) are control
securities for the purposes of Rule 144, and, in each case, any additional securities that may be issued or distributed or be issuable
in respect of any such Registrable Securities by way of conversion, dividend, stock split, distribution or exchange, merger, consolidation,
exchange, recapitalization or reclassification or similar transactions; provided that such securities shall cease to be Registrable
Securities on the first date that (i) the Commission has declared a Registration Statement covering such securities effective and such
securities have been disposed of pursuant to such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such securities are disposed of pursuant to Rule
144 or (iii) such securities become eligible for sale by the applicable Holder without registration and without time restrictions, volume
restrictions, manner-of-sale restrictions or a current public information or notice requirement under Rule 144, and in each case, any
and all Securities Act restrictive legends or designations associated with such securities have been removed.

Registration Statement
means any registration statement of the Company, including the Prospectus, all amendments and supplements to such registration statement,
including post-effective amendments, all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, or any similar successor rule thereto that may be promulgated by the Commission.

Rule 415
means Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act, or any similar successor rule thereto that may be promulgated by the Commission.

S-1 Shelf Registration
Statement has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.1(a)(i).

S-3 Shelf Registration
Statement has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.1(b)(i).

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder.

Shelf Registration
Statement means an S-1 Shelf Registration Statement or an S-3 Shelf Registration Statement, as applicable.

Subsequent Shelf
Registration Statement has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.1(c).

Shelf Take-Down
means an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down, a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering, as applicable.

4

Shelf Take-Down
Notice has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.2(a).

Underwritten Shelf
Take-Down has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.2(a).

Underwritten Shelf
Take-Down Notice has the meaning set forth in SECTION
2.2(d)(i).

Valid Business Reason
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.2(e).

WKSI
has the meaning set forth in SECTION 2.1(b)(iii).

Article
II

REGISTRATION RIGHTS

SECTION 2.1Listing; Shelf Registrations.

(a)Listing; S-1 Shelf Registration. 

(i)The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, as soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof, (i)
cause the New Common Stock to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and (ii) obtain a listing of the New Common Stock
on a National Securities Exchange.

(ii)The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to, as soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof, register
all of the Registrable Securities on a Shelf Registration Statement (the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement) on Form
S-1 for offerings on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415.

(iii)The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement to become effective
as soon as reasonably practicable after such filing and shall prepare and file such amendments, post-effective amendments, and supplements
to the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement as may be necessary to ensure that the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement remains effective and
is available for use to permit all Holders named therein to sell the Registrable Securities included therein until the earlier of (x)
the date at which no Registrable Securities registered on the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement remain outstanding; (y) the date at which
all Registrable Securities registered under the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or a Registration
Statement; and (z) the date of effectiveness of an S-3 Shelf Registration Statement (as defined below) that includes all Registrable Securities
that had previously been registered under the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement, remain outstanding, have not been sold pursuant to Rule
144 or under any Registration Statement and for which the Holder thereof has not declined to include such Registrable Securities in the
S-3 Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to SECTION 2.1(b)(i).

(b)S-3 Shelf Registration. 

(i)The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement to a Shelf Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (an S-3 Shelf Registration Statement) for an offering on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant
to Rule 415 as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company is eligible to use Form S-3. In the

5

event the company is unable to convert such S-1
Shelf Registration Statement to an S-3 Shelf Registration Statement, as promptly as practicable, the Company shall give written notice
to each Holder of Registrable Securities which is known to the Company of its intent to file an S-3 Shelf Registration Statement for an
offering on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Such notice shall be delivered to each Holder of Registrable
Securities which is known to the Company at least twenty (20) Business Days before the anticipated filing date of such S-3 Shelf Registration
Statement and shall describe the proposed registration and inform each Holder that the Company intends to register all of each such Holders
Registrable Securities that have not been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or a Registration Statement (unless a Holder requests in writing to
the Company, within ten (10) Business Days after receipt from the Company of the written notice of such S-3 Shelf Registration Statement,
that it declines to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities on such S-3 Shelf Registration Statement). The
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file such S-3 Shelf Registration Statement as promptly as practicable after qualifying
for the use of Form S-3. To avoid doubt, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of any
Shelf Registration Statement then effective while preparing and seeking effectiveness of any S-3 Shelf Registration Statement. 

(ii)The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause as promptly as reasonably practicable such S-3 Shelf Registration
Statement to become effective and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file such amendments, post-effective amendments,
and supplements to the S-3 Shelf Registration Statement as may be necessary to ensure that the S-3 Shelf Registration Statement remains
effective until the earlier of (i) the date at which no Registrable Securities remain outstanding; and (ii) the date at which all Registrable
Securities registered under such S-3 Shelf Registration Statement have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or a Registration Statement.

(iii)To the extent the Company is a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) (a WKSI)
at the time the Company files any S-3 Shelf Registration Statement, the Company shall (i) cause such S-3 Shelf Registration Statement
to become automatically effective to the extent permitted by applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and (ii) use its
commercially reasonable efforts to remain a WKSI (and not become an ineligible issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act))
during the period during which the Registrable Securities remain Registrable Securities. If an S-3 Shelf Registration Statement that is
subject to three-year expiration pursuant to Rule 415 has been outstanding for at least three years, prior to the end of the third year
the Company shall refile a new S-3 Shelf Registration Statement covering the Registrable Securities, which S-3 Shelf Registration Statement
shall maintain the effectiveness of the prior S-3 Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 415(a)(5) to the maximum extent possible.
If at any time when the Company is required to re-evaluate its WKSI status the Company determines that it is not a WKSI, the Company shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to refile the S-3 Shelf Registration Statement, if necessary, and, if such form is not available,
an S-1 Shelf Registration Statement and keep such Registration Statement effective during the period during which such registration statement
is required to be kept effective hereunder.

(c)Subsequent Shelf Registrations. If the Shelf Registration Statement filed under (a)(i)
or SECTION 2.1(b)(i) or any Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement ceases to be effective
for any reason at any time during the period described in SECTION 2.1(a)(iii)
or

6

SECTION
2.1(b)(ii), the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness
thereof and to amend such Registration Statement in a manner designed to obtain the withdrawal of the order suspending the effectiveness
thereof, or file an additional Shelf Registration Statement (which shall be a S-3 Shelf Registration Statement to the extent the Company
is then eligible to utilize Form S-3 for such filing) pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of the Registrable Securities covered by and not
sold under such Registration Statement (a Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement). If a Subsequent Shelf Registration
Statement is filed, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement to
be declared effective as soon as practicable after such filing. A Subsequent Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-1 that replaces an
S-1 Shelf Registration Statement shall be considered an S-1 Shelf Registration Statement for all purposes under this Agreement and a Subsequent
Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 shall be considered an S-3 Shelf Registration Statement for all purposes under this Agreement. 

SECTION 2.2Shelf Take-Downs.

(a)Following the effectiveness of a Shelf Registration Statement, any Holder or group of Holders whose Registrable Securities
are included on such Shelf Registration Statement and which collectively hold (together with their Affiliates) Registrable Securities
that constitute, in the aggregate, at least ten percent (10%) of the then-outstanding Registrable Securities (the Initiating
Take-Down Holder(s)) may elect in a written request to the Company (a Shelf Take-Down Notice) that the
Company engage in (x) an underwritten resale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement (an Underwritten
Shelf Take-Down), (y) an underwritten registered offering not involving a roadshow, commonly known as a block
trade (a Block Trade) or (z) another type of registered offering involving the Company or otherwise requiring
actions to be taken by the Company or entry by the Company into any agreements, through a broker, sales agent or distribution agent, whether
as agent or principal (an Other Coordinated Offering).

(b)The Company shall not be required to effect more than three (3) Shelf Take-Downs in any twelve (12) month period, provided
that no more than one (1) of such Shelf Take-Downs may be a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering in any twelve (12) month period.
Additionally, any Shelf Take-Down shall only be effected by the Company if the applicable offering (before deduction of underwriter discounts
and commissions, if applicable) is reasonably expected to exceed $35,000,000 in gross proceeds.

(c)Shelf Take-Down Notice. A Shelf Take-Down Notice shall set forth (A) the total number of Registrable Securities expected
to be offered and sold by each Initiating Take-Down Holder in such Shelf Take-Down, (B) the expected date of such Shelf Take-Down, (C)
the expected plan of distribution of such Shelf Take-Down, (D) the action or actions required (including the timing thereof) in connection
with such Shelf Take-Down and (E) whether such Shelf Take-Down is intended to involve a customary roadshow (including an
electronic roadshow) or other marketing effort by the Company and the underwriters, provided that any Shelf Take-Down Notice
for a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering shall be received by the Company no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the expected
date of such Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering (or such shorter period as the Company may agree).

7

(d)Underwritten Shelf Take-Downs.

(i)Amendment or Supplement. Subject to SECTION 2.2(a) and
SECTION 2.2(e), if the Initiating Take-Down Holder(s) elect in a Shelf Take-Down
Notice to effect an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down (an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down Notice), the Company shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to file and effect an amendment or supplement to the applicable Shelf Registration Statement (including
the filing of a prospectus supplement with respect to such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down) for such purpose as soon as practicable, and
in accordance with the procedures related to piggyback rights contained in SECTION
2.2(d)(iv)below. 

(ii)Selection of Underwriter. If the Initiating Take-Down Holder(s) elect in a Shelf Take-Down Notice to effect an Underwritten
Shelf Take-Down, the Initiating Take-Down Holder(s) holding a majority of the Registrable Securities held by all Initiating Take-Down
Holder(s) shall select the managing underwriter (or underwriters) to administer such offering, which managing underwriter (or underwriters)
shall be one or more investment banking firm(s) of nationally recognized standing and shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company, such
acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

(iii)Terms of Underwritten Shelf Take-Down. Notwithstanding the delivery of any Underwritten Shelf Take-Down Notice, all
determinations as to whether to complete any Underwritten Shelf Take-Down and as to the timing, manner, price and other terms of any Underwritten
Shelf Take-Down shall be at the discretion of the Initiating Take-Down Holder(s) holding a majority of the Registrable Securities held
by all Initiating Take-Down Holder(s).

(iv)Piggyback Rights for Underwritten Shelf Take-Down. Upon receipt of an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down Notice (for the
avoidance of doubt, excluding a Shelf Take-Down Notice for a Block Trade or Other Coordinated Offering), the Company shall promptly deliver
written notice of the receipt of the Underwritten Shelf Take-Down Notice to each non-initiating Holder of Registrable Securities that
are included in the applicable Shelf Registration Statement that is known to the Company to hold (together with its Affiliates) at least
three percent (3%) of the then-outstanding New Common Stock and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, will provide
such Holders a period of five (5) Business Days to deliver a written request to the Company which specifies the aggregate amount of Registrable
Securities such Holder requests to be included in such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down (Piggyback Take-Down Notice).
All such Holders electing to be included in such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down must sell their Registrable Securities on the same terms
and conditions as the Registrable Securities being sold for the accounts of the Initiating Take-Down Holder(s); provided that the
indemnification obligations of such Persons selling Registrable Securities pursuant to any applicable underwriting arrangement shall be
several, not joint and several, among such Persons selling Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Person will be in proportion
thereto; and provided, further, that such liability will be limited to the net proceeds (after deducting for underwriting discounts and
commissions) received by such Person from the sale of his, her or its Registrable Securities pursuant to such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down.
In each case, subject to SECTION 2.2(a), SECTION
2.2(b) and the cutback limitations set forth in SECTION 2.2(d)(vi),

8

the Company shall include in such Underwritten
Shelf Take-Down all such Registrable Securities indicated in all validly delivered Piggyback Take-Down Notices.

(v)Underwriting Agreement. The right of any Holder to have Registrable Securities included in an Underwritten Shelf
Take-Down shall be conditioned upon such Holder entering into (together with the Company) an underwriting agreement in customary form
with the managing underwriter (or underwriters) selected in accordance with SECTION
2.2(d)(ii).

(vi)Cutbacks for Underwritten Shelf Take-Down. With respect to any Underwritten Shelf Take-Down, if the managing
underwriter (or underwriters) advises Holders in such offering (i.e., the Initiating Take-Down Holder(s) and Holders that have delivered
Piggyback Take-Down Notices in accordance with SECTION 2.2(d)(iv)) that, in
its good faith opinion, the amount of Registrable Securities requested to be included in such registration, including Registrable Securities
requested to be included pursuant to SECTION 2.2(d)(iv), exceeds the amount
which can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the distribution of the Registrable Securities being offered, then the
Company will reduce the Registrable Securities to be included in such offering by (i) first only including the total number of Registrable
Securities of the Holders in such offering (i.e., the Initiating Take-Down Holder(s) and Holders that have delivered Piggyback Take-Down
Notices in accordance with SECTION 2.2(d)(iv)) with each such Holder entitled
to include its pro rata share based on the number of shares of Registrable Securities that such Holder has requested to include
in such offering, (ii) second, to the extent that all Registrable Securities being sold for the account of the Holders can be included,
then including all other New Common Stock requested to be included in such Underwritten Shelf Take-Down that the managing underwriter
(or underwriters) determine can be included, and (iii) third, to the extent that all Registrable Securities being sold pursuant to clauses
(i) and (ii) can be included, then including Registrable Securities being sold for the account of the Company that the managing underwriter
(or underwriters) determine can be included.

(e)Delay or Suspension of Shelf Registration or Shelf Take-Down. If the Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
acting in good faith, determines that any Shelf Registration or Shelf Take-Down should not be made or continued because (i) it would materially
interfere with any material financing, acquisition, corporate reorganization or merger or other material transaction involving the Company
or (ii) the Company is in possession of material non-public information, the disclosure of which has been determined by the Company to
not be in the Companys best interests (a Valid Business Reason), the Company may postpone filing (but not
the preparation), initial effectiveness or continued use of a Shelf Registration Statement or prospectus supplement relating to a Shelf
Registration Statement or a Shelf Take-Down until such Valid Business Reason no longer exists, but in no event for more than seventy-five
(75) days. The Company shall give written notice to all Holders of the Companys determination to postpone filing, initial effectiveness,
or continual use of a Registration Statement or prospectus supplement and of the fact that the Valid Business Reason for such postponement
no longer exists, in each case, promptly after the occurrence thereof. The Company shall provide prompt written notice, but in any event
within one Business Day, of the termination of any period during which the Company has exercised its postponement rights due to a Valid
Business Reason. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company may not exercise postponement rights due to a
Valid Business Reason (i) more than four times in any twelve (12) month period, or (ii) for more

9

than one hundred and twenty (120) days, in the
aggregate for all such postponements, in any twelve (12) month period.

(f)Opt-Out. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any Holder may deliver written notice
to the Company at any time requesting that such Holder not receive any Shelf Take-Down Notice from the Company; provided, however,
that such Holder may at any time revoke any such notice in writing.

SECTION 2.3Piggyback Registration Right.

(a)Piggyback Registration and Piggyback Shelf Take-Down. If the Company at any time proposes for any reason (x) to register
the sale of New Common Stock under the Securities Act (other than a registration pursuant to SECTION 2.1, a registration statement on
Form S-4 or S-8 or any successor thereto, or in connection with a dividend or distribution reinvestment or similar plan), whether for
its own account or for the account of one or more holders of New Common Stock Equivalents (such registration, a Piggyback Registration),
or (y) to offer New Common Stock for sale or resale in any offering off an existing Registration Statement other than a Shelf Take-Down
(a Piggyback Shelf Take-Down), the Company shall promptly deliver to each Holder of Registrable Securities that is
known to the Company to hold (together with its Affiliates) at least three percent (3%) of the then-outstanding New Common Stock written
notice of its intention to so register or sell such New Common Stock, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the (x) proposed filing
date of the Registration Statement or (y) the expected date of such Piggyback Shelf Take-Down (each such notice, an Initial
Notice). Following the receipt of an Initial Notice, each Holder shall be entitled, by delivery of a written request to the
Company delivered no later than five (5) Business Days following receipt of the Initial Notice (each such written request, a Piggyback
Notice), which Piggyback Notice shall specify the aggregate number of Registrable Securities such Holder requests to be included
in the Piggyback Registration or Piggyback Shelf Take-Down. If the Piggyback Registration or Piggyback Shelf Take-Down is for an underwritten
offering, then subject to SECTION 2.3(d), the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the managing underwriter
(or underwriters) contemplated by SECTION 2.3(b) to permit the Holders to participate in the Piggyback Registration and include their
Registrable Securities in such offering on the same terms and conditions as the New Common Stock being sold for the account of the Company
or any other Holder; provided, that the obligation of such Person to indemnify pursuant to any such underwriting arrangements shall be
several, not joint and several, among such Persons selling New Common Stock, and the liability of each such Person will be in proportion
thereto; and provided, further, that such liability will be limited to the net proceeds received by such Person from the sale of his,
her or its Registrable Securities pursuant to such registration. For the avoidance of doubt, a Piggyback Registration or a
Piggyback Shelf Take-Down shall not constitute a Shelf Take-Down for purposes of SECTION 2.2(b).

(b)Selection of Underwriters. If the Company intends to offer and sell New Common Stock by means of an underwritten
offering (other than an offering pursuant to an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down), the Company shall select the managing underwriter (or underwriters)
to administer such underwritten offering, which managing underwriter (or underwriters) shall be investment banking firms of nationally
recognized standing.

10

(c)Underwriting Agreement. The right of any Holder to have Registrable Securities included in an underwritten offering
pursuant to this SECTION 2.3 shall be conditioned upon such Holder entering into (together
with the Company) an underwriting agreement in customary form with the managing underwriter (or underwriters) selected in accordance with
SECTION 2.3(b).

(d)Cutbacks for Underwritten Offerings in a Piggyback Registration or Piggyback Shelf Take-Down. If the managing underwriter
(or underwriters) contemplated by SECTION 2.3(b) advises the Company in its good faith
opinion that the amount of New Common Stock to be included in the Piggyback Registration or Piggyback Shelf Take-Down exceeds the amount
which can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the distribution of the New Common Stock being offered, then the Company
will reduce the New Common Stock to be included in such offering pursuant to the following:

(i)If the Piggyback Registration referred to in SECTION 2.3(a) is initiated as an underwritten primary registration or a Piggyback
Shelf Take-Down for the account of the Company, such reduction will be implemented by: (A) first only including the New Common Stock being
sold for the account of the Company that the Company so determines can be included, (B) second, to the extent that all New Common Stock
being sold for the account of the Company can be included, then only including the total number of Registrable Securities of the Holders
in such offering as the managing underwriter (or underwriters) determines can be included (in addition to all such New Common Stock being
sold for the account of the Company) with each such Holder entitled to include its pro rata share based on the number of shares
of Registrable Securities that such Holder has requested to include in such offering, and (C) third, to the extent that all Registrable
Securities being sold pursuant to clauses (A) and (B) can be included, then including all other New Common Stock requested to be included
in such offering that the managing underwriter (or underwriters) determine can be included; or

(ii)If the Piggyback Registration referred to in SECTION 2.3(a) is an underwritten secondary registration or a Piggyback Shelf
Take-Down for the account of one or more holders of New Common Stock Equivalents that are not Holders, such reduction will be implemented
by: (A) first only including the total number of New Common Stock Equivalents of any non-Holder offeror in such offering as the managing
underwriter (or underwriters) determines can be included (in addition to all such New Common Stock being sold for the account of the Company)
with each such Person entitled to include its pro rata share based on the number of shares of New Common Stock Equivalents that
such Person has requested to include in such offering, (B) second, to the extent that all New Common Stock Equivalents of any non-Holder
offeror in such offering can be included, then only including the New Common Stock being sold for the account of the Company that the
Company so determines can be included, and (C) third, to the extent that all New Common Stock Equivalents being sold pursuant to clauses
(A) and (B) can be included, then including all other Registrable Securities of the Holders requested to be included in such offering
that the managing underwriter (or underwriters) determine can be included.

11

(e)Opt-Out. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any Holder may deliver written notice
to the Company at any time requesting that such Holder not receive any Initial Notice from the Company; provided, however,
that such Holder may at any time revoke any such notice in writing.

SECTION 2.4Lock-Up Agreement. 

(a)In connection with any underwritten offering of New Common Stock (including an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down), and upon the
request of the managing underwriter (or underwriters) in such offering, each Holder who is participating in such offering agrees to enter
into a customary lock-up agreement with such managing underwriter (or underwriters) during the time period reasonably requested by the
managing underwriter, which period shall not exceed 90 days, subject in each case to such exceptions as the managing underwriter (or underwriters)
shall agree in such lock-up agreement. The foregoing provisions of this SECTION 2.4(a) shall be applicable to the Holders only if substantially
all officers and directors of the Company are subject to the same restrictions. Each Holder agrees to execute and deliver such other agreements
as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the managing underwriter (or underwriters) which are consistent with the foregoing or
which are necessary to give further effect thereto.

(b)The Company agrees not to effect any public sale or distribution of any of its securities, or any securities convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for such securities (except (i) pursuant to registrations on Form S-4 or S-8 or any successor thereto,
or (ii) in connection with any dividend or distribution reinvestment or similar plan), if and to the extent requested by the managing
underwriter (or underwriters) in the case of any underwritten offering of New Common Stock, which period shall not exceed ninety (90)
days beginning on the effective date of the Registration Statement (or the date of the applicable prospectus supplement in the case of
an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down), subject in each case to such exceptions as the managing underwriter (or underwriters) shall agree in
such lock-up agreement and in each case except as part of such underwritten offering.

SECTION 2.5Registration Procedures.

(a)Whenever registration of Registrable Securities is required pursuant to SECTION
2.1(a), SECTION 2.1(b) or SECTION
2.3, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the registration and sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance
with the intended method of distribution thereof as quickly as practicable, and in connection therewith, the Company shall, as expeditiously
as possible:

(i)prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement on any form for which the Company then qualifies which form
shall be available for the sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of distribution thereof, and cause
such Registration Statement to become effective; provided, however, that (x) before filing a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any
amendments or supplements thereto, the Company shall provide the legal counsel to the Consenting Convertible Noteholders and the legal
counsel to the Consenting Senior Secured Noteholders (provided, that, other than in connection with the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement,
Holders Counsel may be replaced by one legal counsel selected by holders of a majority of the New Common Stock to be included in
any such Registration Statement)

12

(such counsels or counsel, Holders
Counsel) with an adequate and appropriate opportunity to review and comment on such Registration Statement and each
Prospectus included therein (and each amendment or supplement thereto) to be filed with the Commission, subject to such documents being
under the Companys control, (y) the Company shall promptly notify the Holders Counsel and each seller of Registrable Securities
of any stop order issued or threatened by the Commission and promptly take all action required to prevent the entry of such stop order
or to remove it if entered, and (z) notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, to the extent that any Registrable
Securities are already registered under an effective Shelf Registration Statement, the Company shall not be required to register such
Registrable Securities under any Shelf Registration Statement the Company proposes to file to register securities on its own account;

(ii)within one Business Day after the effectiveness of a Shelf Registration Statement, the Company shall file any required prospectus
on Form 424 (which prospectus shall not be counted as a Shelf Take-Down for purposes of SECTION 2.2(b)) naming each Holder whose Registrable
Securities are included on such Shelf Registration Statement as a selling stockholder and providing for the resale of such Registrable
Securities pursuant to the plan of distribution contained therein and pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available
to, and requested by, the Holders named therein;

(iii)the Company shall comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered
by any Shelf Registration Statement during such period in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the sellers thereof set
forth in such Shelf Registration Statement;

(iv)furnish to each seller of Registrable Securities, prior to filing a Registration Statement, a reasonable number of copies
of such Registration Statement as is proposed to be filed, and thereafter such number of copies of such Registration Statement, each amendment
and supplement thereto (in each case, including all exhibits thereto), and the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including
each preliminary Prospectus) and any Prospectus filed under Rule 424 under the Securities Act as each such seller may reasonably request
in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such seller;

(v)register or qualify such Registrable Securities under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions
as any seller of Registrable Securities may request, and to continue such qualification in effect in such jurisdiction for as long as
permissible pursuant to the laws of such jurisdiction, or for as long as any such seller requests or until all of such Registrable Securities
are sold, whichever is shortest, and do any and all other acts and things which may be reasonably necessary or advisable to enable any
such seller to consummate the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities owned by such seller; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be required to (x) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required
to qualify but for this SECTION 2.5(a)(v), (y) subject itself to taxation in
any such jurisdiction or (z) consent to general service of process in any such jurisdiction;

(vi)notify each seller of Registrable Securities at any time when a Prospectus relating thereto is required to be delivered
under the Securities Act, upon discovery

13

that, or upon the happening of any event as a
result of which, the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading (provided that in no event shall such notice contain any material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any of its subsidiaries), and the Company shall promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Prospectus and furnish to
each seller of Registrable Securities a reasonable number of copies of such supplement to or an amendment of such Prospectus as may be
necessary so that such Prospectus shall not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(vii)enter into and perform customary agreements (including an underwriting agreement in customary form with the relevant underwriter(s))
and take such other actions as are prudent and reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities, including causing its officers to participate in road shows and other information meetings organized by the
relevant underwriter, with all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Company or such officers in connection with such attendance
to be paid by the Company;

(viii)upon execution of confidentiality agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, which shall be
consistent with the due diligence and disclosure obligations under securities laws applicable to the Company and the Holders, make available
at reasonable times for inspection by any managing underwriter (or underwriters) participating in any disposition of such Registrable
Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement, Holders Counsel and any attorney, accountant or other agent retained by any managing
underwriter (or underwriters), all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(collectively, the Records) customarily required to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, and
cause the Companys and its Subsidiaries officers, directors and employees, and the independent public accountants of the
Company, to supply all information reasonably requested by any such Person in connection with such Registration Statement;

(ix)if such sale is pursuant to an underwritten offering, obtain comfort letters dated the effective date of the Registration
Statement or the date of the prospectus supplement (in the case of an Underwritten Shelf Take-Down) and the date of the closing under
the underwriting agreement from the Companys independent public accountants in customary form and covering such matters of the
type customarily covered by comfort letters as Holders Counsel or the managing underwriter (or underwriters) reasonably request;

(x)furnish, at the request of any seller of Registrable Securities on the date such Registrable Securities are delivered to
the underwriters for sale pursuant to such registration or, if such securities are not being sold through underwriters, on the date the
Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities becomes effective, opinion letters and (in the case of an underwritten
offering) negative assurance letters, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such registration, addressed
to the underwriters, if any, or the transfer agent, as applicable, covering such legal matters with respect

14

to the registration in respect of which such opinion
letters and negative assurance letters are being given as the underwriters, if any, or the transfer agent may reasonably request and are
customarily included in opinion letters or negative assurance letters in offerings of that type;

(xi)comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission, and make generally available to its security holders,
as soon as reasonably practicable but no later than fifteen (15) months after the effective date of the Registration Statement, an earnings
statement, if applicable, covering a period of twelve (12) months beginning after the effective date of the Registration Statement, in
a manner which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder;

(xii)cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which similar securities issued by the
Company are then listed provided that the applicable listing requirements are satisfied;

(xiii)maintain a continuous listing of the New Common Stock on a National Securities Exchange; provided that if the initial
listing of the New Common Stock is on NYSE American or the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to transfer the listing of the New Common Stock to the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market
as soon as reasonably practicable after the New Common Stock is eligible for such transfer;

(xiv)keep Holders Counsel advised as to the initiation and progress of any Shelf Registration, Shelf-Take Down or Registration
Statement under SECTION 2.1, SECTION
2.2 or SECTION 2.3 hereunder;

(xv)cooperate, in a commercially reasonable manner, with each seller of Registrable Securities and each underwriter participating
in the disposition of such Registrable Securities and their respective counsel in connection with any filings required to be made with
FINRA, and each seller of Registrable Securities shall cooperate, in a commercially reasonable manner, with any requests from the Company
in connection with any such filings;

(xvi)cooperate with each Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities
to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free of all restrictive legends, and
to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request; and

(xvii)take all other steps reasonably necessary to effect the registration and disposition of the Registrable Securities contemplated
hereby.

SECTION 2.6Seller Information. The Company may require each seller of Registrable Securities as to which any registration
is being effected to furnish, and such seller shall furnish, to the Company such information regarding the distribution of such securities
as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing, as a condition to including such Registrable Securities in such Registration
Statement. In connection with any Registration Statement in which any Holder is participating pursuant to this Agreement, each Holder
participating in such Registration Statement shall promptly furnish to the Company in writing such

15

information with respect to such Holder as the
Company may reasonably request or as may be required by law for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and
all information required to be disclosed in order to make the information previously furnished to the Company by such Holder not materially
misleading or necessary to cause such Registration Statement not to omit a material fact with respect to such Holder necessary in order
to make the statements therein not misleading.

SECTION 2.7Notice to Discontinue. Each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening
of any event of the kind described in SECTION 2.5(a)(vi), such Holder shall forthwith discontinue
disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until such Holders
receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by SECTION 2.5(a)(vi)
and, if so directed by the Company, such Holder shall deliver to the Company (at the Companys expense) all copies, other than permanent
file copies then in such Holders possession, of the Prospectus covering such Registrable Securities which is current at the time
of receipt of such notice. 

SECTION 2.8Registration Expenses. The Company shall pay all expenses arising from or incident to its performance of, or
compliance with, this Agreement, including (i) Commission, stock exchange and FINRA registration and filing fees, (ii) all fees and expenses
incurred in complying with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel
to any underwriter incurred in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities as may be set forth
in any underwriting agreement), (iii) all printing, messenger and delivery expenses, (iv) the fees, charges and expenses of counsel to
the Company and of its independent public accountants and any other accounting fees, charges and expenses incurred by the Company (including
any expenses arising from any comfort letters or any special audits incident to or required by any registration or qualification) and
the reasonable legal fees, charges and expenses of Holders Counsel, (v) all fees and disbursements of underwriters customarily
paid by the issuer of securities (excluding brokers commissions or underwriting discounts and commissions and transfer taxes, if
any), and fees and disbursements of counsel to underwriters, (vi) all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the
shares of New Common Stock on any securities exchange and all rating agency fees, (vii) for any Holders participating in any
registration, any other reasonable expenses customarily paid by the issuers of securities, including reasonable and documented legal fees
and expenses for such necessary local counsels for such Holders, and (viii) any liability insurance or other premiums for insurance obtained
in connection with any registration pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, regardless of whether any Registration Statement is declared
effective. The holder of Registrable Securities sold pursuant to a Registration Statement shall bear the expense of any brokers
commissions or underwriting discounts or commissions and transfer taxes relating to registration and sale of such Holders Registrable
Securities.

SECTION 2.9Indemnification; Contribution.

(a)Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, its partners,
directors, officers, Affiliates and each Person who controls (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of
the Exchange Act) the Holder from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses

16

(including amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments,
in compromises and settlements, as fines and penalties and legal or other costs and reasonable expenses of investigating or defending
against any claim or alleged claim) (each, a Liability and collectively, Liabilities), arising
out of or based upon any untrue, or allegedly untrue, statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which
Registrable Securities are registered or sold under the Securities Act, including any Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus contained therein,
(as amended or supplemented if the Company shall have furnished any amendments or supplements thereto) or arising out of or based upon
any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading (or in the case of any Prospectus, in light of the circumstances such statements were made), except insofar as such Liability
arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission contained in such Registration
Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus in reliance and in conformity with information concerning any Holder furnished in writing
to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, including the information furnished in writing to the Company pursuant to SECTION
2.6. The Company shall also provide customary indemnities to any underwriters of the Registrable Securities, their officers,
directors and employees and each Person who controls such underwriters (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act) to the same extent as provided above with respect to the indemnification of the Holders (with appropriate modifications).

(b)Indemnification by the Holders. Each Holder agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its partners,
directors, officers, Affiliates and each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act) from and against any and all Liabilities arising out of or based upon any untrue, or allegedly untrue, statement
of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which Registrable Securities are registered or sold under the Securities
Act, including any Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus contained therein, (as amended or supplemented if the Company shall have furnished
any amendments or supplements thereto) or arising out of or based upon any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading (or in the case of any Prospectus, in light of
the circumstances such statements were made), but if and only to the extent that such Liability arises out of or is based upon any untrue
statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or alleged omission contained in such Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary
Prospectus in reliance and in conformity with information concerning such Holder furnished in writing (including by email) by such Holder
expressly for use therein and has not been corrected in a subsequent writing prior to or concurrently with the sale of the Registrable
Securities to the Person asserting such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, provided, however, that the total amount
to be indemnified by each Holder pursuant to this SECTION 2.9(b) shall be limited to
the net proceeds (after deducting the underwriters discounts and commissions) received by such Holder in the applicable offering.
The indemnification obligation pursuant to this SECTION 2.9(b) shall survive the transfer
of any Registrable Securities by the applicable Holder.

(c)Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. Any Person entitled to indemnification under this SECTION
2.9 (the Indemnified Party) agrees to give prompt (but in any event within 30 days after such Person has actual knowledge
of the facts constituting the basis for indemnification) written notice to the indemnifying party (the Indemnifying Party)
after the receipt by the Indemnified Party of any written notice of the commencement of any action, suit,

17

proceeding or investigation or threat thereof
made in writing for which the Indemnified Party intends to claim indemnification or contribution pursuant to this Agreement; provided,
however, that the failure so to notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any Liability that it
may have to the Indemnified Party hereunder (except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced or otherwise forfeits substantive
rights or defenses by reason of such failure). If notice of commencement of any such action is given to the Indemnifying Party
as above provided, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in and, to the extent it may wish, jointly with any other Indemnifying
Party similarly notified, to assume the defense of such action at its own expense, with counsel chosen by it and reasonably satisfactory
to such Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall promptly notify the Indemnified Party of its decision to assume the defense of
such action or proceeding. If, and after, the Indemnified Party has received such notice from the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying
Party shall not be liable to such Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Party in
connection with the defense of such action or proceeding unless (i) the Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the same, (ii) the Indemnifying
Party fails to assume the defense of such action with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party or (iii) the named parties
to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party and the Indemnified
Party has been advised by such counsel that either (x) representation of such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party by the same
counsel would be inappropriate under applicable standards of professional conduct or (y) there may be one or more legal defenses available
to the Indemnified Party which are different from or additional to those available to the Indemnifying Party. In any of such
cases, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such action on behalf of such Indemnified Party, it being
understood, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys
(in addition to any local counsel) for all Indemnified Parties. No Indemnifying Party shall be liable for any settlement entered
into without its written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed). No Indemnifying Party
shall, without the consent of such Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which
such Indemnified Party is a party and indemnity has been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such settlement (i) includes
an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability for claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (ii)
does not include any recovery (including any statement as to, or an admission of, fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf
of an Indemnified Party) other than monetary damages, and provided, that any sums payable in connection with such settlement are paid
in full by the Indemnifying Party at the time of settlement.

(d)Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in this SECTION
2.9 from the Indemnifying Party is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an Indemnified Party hereunder in respect
of any Liabilities referred to herein, then the Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party for such Liabilities,
shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such Liabilities in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party on the one hand and Indemnified Party on the other in connection with the statements
or omissions which resulted in such Liabilities, as well as other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of
such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by such Indemnifying
Party or Indemnified

18

Party and the parties relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The amount paid or payable
by a party as a result of the Liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in SECTION
2.9(a), SECTION 2.9(b) and SECTION
2.9(c), any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding;
provided, however, that the total amount to be contributed by any Holder shall be limited to the net proceeds (after deducting
the underwriters discounts and commissions) received by the Holder in the applicable offering.

(e)Fraud. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to SECTION
2.9(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to in SECTION 2.9(d). No Person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

Article
III

EXCHANGE ACT COMPLIANCE

SECTION 3.1Exchange Act Compliance. So long as any Registrable Securities are outstanding, the Company shall take all actions
reasonably necessary to enable Holders to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation
of the exemptions provided by Rule 144, including (i) making and keeping public information available, as those terms are understood and
defined in Rule 144, (ii) so long as it remains subject to the reporting provisions of the Exchange Act, filing with the Commission in
a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act and (iii) at the request of any Holder
if such Holder proposes to sell securities in compliance with Rule 144, forthwith furnish to such Holder, as applicable, a written statement
of compliance with the reporting requirements of the Commission as set forth in Rule 144 and make available to such Holder such information
as will enable the Holder to make sales pursuant to Rule 144.

Article
IV

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 4.1Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions
of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or are otherwise breached, including if the parties hereto
fail to take any action required of them hereunder to consummate this Agreement. It is accordingly agreed that, in addition
to any other applicable remedies at law or equity, the parties to this Agreement shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, without
proof of damages, to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Each
party hereto agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief on the basis
that (i) the other party has an adequate remedy at law or (ii) an award of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason
at law or in equity. Each of the parties hereto hereby waives (x) any defenses in any action for specific performance, including
the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate, and (y) any requirement under any law to post a bond or other security as a prerequisite
to obtaining equitable relief; provided that such waiver

19

shall not limit, in any respect, the availability
of any defense(s) that a party might otherwise have with respect to the alleged breach or obligation for which specific performance is
sought.

SECTION 4.2Term and Termination. This Agreement shall terminate as to any Holder when it no longer holds any Registrable
Securities; provided, however, that the provisions of SECTION 2.8, SECTION 2.9 and this ARTICLE IV shall survive any termination
of this Agreement.

SECTION 4.3Amendments and Waivers.

(a)No failure or delay on the part of the Company or any Holder in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies provided for herein are cumulative and are not exclusive
of any remedies that may be available to the Company or any Holder at law or in equity or otherwise.

(b)The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented,
and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, in each case without the written consent of the Company
and the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities; provided, that any amendment that has the effect of materially and
disproportionately adversely affecting any Holder or group of Holders differently than any other Holder or group of Holders shall only
be effective against such materially and disproportionately adversely affected Holder(s) with the written consent of each such Holder.

SECTION 4.4Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, and shall be
sufficiently given if made by hand delivery, by electronic mail, by facsimile, by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid),
or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), addressed as follows (or at such other address as may
be substituted by notice given as herein provided):

If to the Company:

Spirit Airlines, Inc.

1731 Radiant Drive

Dania Beach, Florida 33004

Attention:
Thomas Canfield

E-mail address: thomas.canfield@Spirit.com

If to any Holder, at its address
and the address of its representative, if any, which in each case may be an email address, as provided to the Company by such Holder or
otherwise listed in the books of the Company. If such Holder has not provided to the Company its address or the address of
its representative, if any, or if such address is not otherwise listed in the books of the Company, the Company shall not be obligated
to comply with the notice provisions of this Agreement with respect to such Holder.

20

Any notice or communication
hereunder shall be deemed to have been given or made as of the date so delivered if personally delivered; when receipt is acknowledged,
if emailed or telecopied; and on receipt if sent by overnight courier service or registered or certified mail.

Failure to mail a notice or
communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders.

SECTION 4.5Successors and Assigns. The rights and obligations of the Holders under this Agreement shall not be assignable
by any Holder to any Person that is not a Holder; provided, that in the event of a valid transfer of New Common Stock Equivalents by a
Holder, the rights and obligations of the transferor under this Agreement may be transferred to the transferee; provided that, other than
in the case of a transfer to a Holder or a transfer prior to the effectiveness of the S-1 Shelf Registration Statement, such transfer
results in the transferee holding not less than 3% of the outstanding New Common Stock; provided further that such transferee agrees to
execute a joinder to this Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (a Joinder) or is a Holder; provided,
further, for the avoidance of doubt, that the transferor in such transaction shall retain its rights and obligations under this Agreement
with respect to any securities not so transferred. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective
successors, assigns and transferees.

SECTION 4.6Other Registration Rights. If the Company shall at any time hereafter provide to any holder of any securities of the Company
rights with respect to the registration of such securities under the Securities Act, such rights shall not be inconsistent with, in conflict
with or adversely affect any of the rights provided to the Holders in, or conflict (in a manner that adversely affects the Holders party
hereto) with any other provisions included in, this Agreement. The Company shall not grant any registration rights to third
parties which are more favorable than the rights granted hereunder unless any such more favorable rights are concurrently added to the
rights granted hereunder.

SECTION
4.7Counterparts.This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement and all
of which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement and any signed agreement
entered into in connection herewith or contemplated hereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by
facsimile, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or any other electronic transmission,
shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original contract and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effects as
if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person.

SECTION 4.8Governing Law: Venue: Jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER
IN CONTRACT OR TORT) THAT MAY BE BASED UPON, ARISE OUT OF OR RELATE TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE NEGOTIATION, EXECUTION OR PERFORMANCE OF
THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY MADE IN
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT
REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF

21

CONFLICTS OF LAW. Each party hereby
agrees that any action based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including any action concerning the violation or threatened
violation of this Agreement) shall be heard and determined in any state or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, New York,
New York, and the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts (and, in the case of appeals,
appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such action or proceeding and irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient forum to
the maintenance of any such action or proceeding. In addition, each party consents to process being served in any such lawsuit,
action or proceeding by mailing, certified mail, return receipt requested, a copy thereof to such party at the address in effect for notices
hereunder, and agrees that such services shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The consents
to jurisdiction set forth in this paragraph shall not constitute general consents to service of process in the State of New York and shall
have no effect for any purpose except as provided in this SECTION 4.7 and shall not be deemed to confer rights on any Person other
than the parties hereto. Nothing in this SECTION 4.7 shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law.

SECTION 4.9WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE
OF ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT WHETHER BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER
COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES AND AGREES THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT
FOR IT TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL
AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.

SECTION 4.10Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited, unenforceable or not authorized in any jurisdiction
is, as to such jurisdiction, ineffective to the extent of any such prohibition, unenforceability or nonauthorization without invalidating
the remaining provisions hereof, or affecting the validity, enforceability or legality of such provision in any other jurisdiction, unless
the ineffectiveness of such provision would result in such a material change as to cause completion of the transactions contemplated hereby
to be unreasonable. Upon a determination that any provision of this Agreement is prohibited, unenforceable or not authorized,
the parties hereto agree to negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties hereto
as closely as possible, in a mutually acceptable manner, in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally
contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

SECTION 4.11Non-Recourse. All claims, obligations, liabilities, or causes of action (whether in contract or in tort, in law
or in equity, or granted by statute) that may be based upon, in respect of, arise under, out or by reason of, be connected with, or relate
in any manner to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution, or performance of this Agreement (including any representation or warranty
made in, in connection with, or as an inducement to, this Agreement),

22

may be made only against (and are expressly limited
to) the entities that are expressly identified as parties in the preamble to this Agreement (Contracting Parties). No
Person who is not a Contracting Party, including any director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, manager, stockholder,
Affiliate, agent, attorney, or representative of, and any financial advisor or lender to, any Contracting Party, or any director, officer,
employee, incorporator, member, partner, manager, stockholder, Affiliate, agent, attorney, or representative of, and any financial advisor
or lender to, any of the foregoing (Non-party Affiliates), shall have any liability (whether in contract or in tort,
in law or in equity, or granted by statute) for any claims, causes of action, obligations, or liabilities arising under, out of, in connection
with, or related in any manner to this Agreement or based on, in respect of, or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution,
performance, or breach; and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, each Contracting Party hereby waives and releases all such liabilities,
claims, causes of action, and obligations against any such Non-party Affiliates.

SECTION 4.12Recapitalization, Exchanges Etc., Affecting Securities. The provisions of this Agreement shall apply, to the
full extent set forth herein with respect to the New Common Stock and to any and all equity interests of the Company or any successor
or assign of the Company (whether by merger, consolidation, sale of assets or otherwise, including shares issued by a parent company in
connection with a triangular merger) which may be issued in respect of, in exchange for, or in substitution of New Common Stock, appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividends, splits, reverse splits, combinations, reclassifications and the like occurring after the date hereof.

SECTION 4.13Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits hereto) contains the entire agreement
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters.

SECTION 4.14Aggregation of New Common Stock. All New Common Stock or Registrable Securities, as applicable, held by a Holder
and its Affiliates shall be aggregated together for purposes of determining the availability of any rights under this Agreement.

SECTION 4.15Headings; Interpretation. The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall
not, for any purpose, be deemed to be part of this Agreement or otherwise affect the interpretation of this Agreement. The words include,
includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The
words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.

SECTION 4.16No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as provided in SECTION 4.5,
nothing express or implied herein is intended or shall be construed to confer upon any person or entity, other than the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns and all Indemnified Parties and Non-party Affiliates, any rights, remedies or other benefits
under or by reason of this Agreement.

* * * * * * * * * *

23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

COMPANY

SPIRIT AVIATION HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Thomas Canfield

Name: Thomas Canfield

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement

EXHIBIT A

JOINDER

This Joinder (Joinder)
is executed pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025 a copy of which is attached hereto
(as amended, the Registration Rights Agreement), by the undersigned (the Undersigned) executing
this Joinder. By the execution of this Joinder, the Undersigned agrees as follows:

1. Acknowledgment. The
Undersigned acknowledges that the Undersigned is acquiring New Common Stock or New Common Stock Equivalents of Spirit Aviation Holdings,
Inc. (the Company), subject to the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement. Capitalized
terms used herein without definition are defined in the Registration Rights Agreement and are used herein with the same meanings set forth
therein.

2. Agreement. The
Undersigned (i) agrees that the New Common Stock or New Common Stock Equivalents acquired by the Undersigned shall be bound by and subject
to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to the terms thereof, and (ii) hereby agrees to be bound by the Registration
Rights Agreement as a Holder thereunder, with the same force and effect as if the undersigned were originally a party thereto.

3. Notice. Any
notice required as permitted by the Registration Rights Agreement shall be given to the Undersigned at the address listed beside the Undersigneds
signature below.

[NAME OF HOLDER] Address for Notices:

By: []

Name: []

Title: Telephone: []

Date: Email: []

Joinder
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>dp226079_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Spirit Airlines
Emerges from Financial Restructuring, Better Positioned to Advance its Transformation and Enhanced Guest Experience

Exits Chapter
11 Significantly Deleveraged and With New Financing to Support Return

to Profitability
and Drive Toward Long-Term Success

DANIA BEACH, Fla., March 12, 2025 --
Spirit Aviation Holdings, Inc., parent company of Spirit Airlines, LLC, ("Spirit" or the "Company") today announced
that Spirit has emerged from its financial restructuring, completing a consensual, deleveraging transaction that equitizes approximately
$795 million of funded debt. With significantly less debt and greater financial flexibility, Spirit emerges as a stronger company better
positioned for long-term success. 

As part of the restructuring, the Company
has also received a $350 million equity investment from existing investors to support Spirits future initiatives, including investments
to provide Guests with enhanced travel experiences and greater value.Spirits
Plan of Reorganization was confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York, with overwhelming support
from a supermajority of the Company's loyalty and convertible noteholders. 

Spirit will continue to be led by Ted
Christie, President and Chief Executive Officer, and its existing executive team. 

Were pleased to complete
our streamlined restructuring and emerge in a stronger financial position to continue our transformation and investments in the Guest
experience, said Mr. Christie. Throughout this process, weve continued to make meaningful progress enhancing our
product offerings, while also focusing on returning to profitability and positioning our airline for long-term success. Today, were
moving forward with our strategy to redefine low-fare travel with our new, high-value travel options. 

Spirit emerges with a reconstituted Board
of Directors. In addition to Mr. Christie, the Board will include six directors with significant industry and financial leadership experience:
Robert A. Milton, David N. Siegel, Timothy Bernlohr, Eugene I. Davis, Andrea Fischer Newman, and Radha Tilton. 

Mr. Christie continued: Im
incredibly proud of our Team Members for their continued dedication to our Guests and each other throughout this process. Despite the
challenges weve faced as an organization, were emerging as a stronger and more focused airline. On behalf of the executive
team, I would also like to thank our outgoing board members for their contributions and invaluable service to our airline." 

Upon Spirits emergence, the common
stock issued by Spirit Airlines, Inc. was cancelled. Newly issued shares now held by Spirits new owners are expected to trade
in the over-the-counter marketplace. The Company expects to re-list its shares on a stock exchange as soon as reasonably practicable
after the Effective Date of Spirits Plan of Reorganization. 

Additional Information

Additional information about the Company's
chapter 11 case, including access to court filings and other documents related to the restructuring process, is available athttps://dm.epiq11.com/SpiritGoForwardor
by calling Spirit's restructuring information line at (888) 863-4889 (U.S. toll free) or +1 (971) 447-0326 (international). Additional
information is also available atwww.SpiritGoForward.com.

Advisors

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP is serving
as the Company's restructuring counsel, Alvarez & Marsal is serving as restructuring advisor, and Perella Weinberg Partners LP is
serving as investment banker.

About Spirit Airlines

Spirit Airlines is a leading low-fare carrier committed to delivering the best value in the sky by offering an enhanced travel experience
with flexible, affordable options. Spirit serves destinations throughout the United States, Latin America and the Caribbean with its
Fit Fleet, one of the youngest and most fuel-efficient fleets in the U.S. Spirit is committed to inspiring positive change in the
communities it serves through theSpirit Charitable Foundation.
Discover elevated travel options with exceptional value atspirit.com. 

Investor Inquiries:

Spirit Investor Relations 

investorrelations@spirit.com 

Media Inquiries:

Spirit Media Relations 

Media_Relations@spirit.com 

FGS Global 

Spirit@fgsglobal.com 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements

This press release contains various forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act which are subject to the "safe
harbor" created by those sections. Forward-looking statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information
currently available to our management. All statements other than statements of historical facts are "forward-looking statements"
for purposes of these provisions. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "will,"
"should," "could," "would," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe,"
"estimate," "project," "predict," "potential," and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results
and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors
include, among others, the impact of the Company's bankruptcy filings and emergence from chapter 11, the Company's ability to refinance,
extend or repay its near and intermediate term debt, the Company's substantial level of indebtedness and interest rates, the potential
impact of volatile and rising fuel prices and impairments, the restructuring process and other factors discussed in the Company's Annual
Report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC and other factors, as described in the Company's
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the detailed factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors"
in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this press release. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. Risks or uncertainties (i) that are not currently known
to us, (ii) that we currently deem to be immaterial, or (iii) that could apply to any company, could also materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition, or future results.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>spiritcom-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>spiritcom-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>spiritcom-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 12, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K15D5

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 333-276992

Entity Registrant Name Spirit Airlines, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001498710

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-3711797

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1731 Radiant Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Dania Beach

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33004

City Area Code 954

Local Phone Number 447-7920

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://spirit.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dp226079_8k15d5.htm 
spiritcom-20250312.xsd 
spiritcom-20250312_lab.xml 
spiritcom-20250312_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>0000950103-25-003365-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>dp226079_8k15d5_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001498710 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001498710 
8-K15D5 
Spirit Airlines, Inc. 
2025-03-12 
DE 
333-276992 
33-3711797 
1731 Radiant Drive 
Dania Beach 
FL 
33004 
954 
447-7920 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>