<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950103-25-002318.txt : 20250224
<SEC-HEADER>0000950103-25-002318.hdr.sgml : 20250224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250224071252
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-25-002318
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866291
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				462405937
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39675
		FILM NUMBER:		25654185

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		955 PERIMETER ROAD
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(603) 626-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		955 PERIMETER ROAD
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900730
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dp225234_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000086629100008662912025-02-242025-02-240000866291ALGM:CommonStockParValue0.01PerShareMember2025-02-242025-02-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 24, 2025

Allegro MicroSystems, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-39675 46-2405937

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

955 Perimeter Road

Manchester, New Hampshire

03103

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(603) 626-2300

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ALGM 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 23, 2025, the Board of Directors
of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (the Company) appointed Michael C. Doogue as President and Chief Executive Officer and elected
Mr. Doogue as a director of the Company, effective immediately.

Michael C. Doogue, age 49, has served as the Companys
Executive Vice President and its first Chief Technology Officer (CTO) since September 2022, leading technology development and worldwide
operations, which includes manufacturing, procurement, and quality. Mr. Doogue also previously served as the Companys Senior Vice
President of Technology and Products, which included direct oversight of each of the Companys business units.

In connection with the promotion, on February
23, 2025, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Doogue (the Employment Agreement). Pursuant to the
Employment Agreement, effective as of February 23, 2025, Mr. Doogue will receive an annual base salary of $700,000 and an annual target
bonus of 125% of base salary. Mr. Doogue is also eligible for consideration to receive an equity award at the next annual grant cycle
in 2025 with a target grant date fair value of $6,000,000.

Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, if Mr. Doogue
is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason, he will be eligible to receive the following severance payments
and benefits: (i) severance payments equal to two times the sum of his then annual base salary and annual target bonus, (ii) a pro-rated
annual target bonus for the year in which the termination occurs, (iii) subsidized healthcare coverage for up to 18 months following the
date of termination, and (iv) partial acceleration of equity awards as set forth in the Employment Agreement. In the event that Mr. Doogue
is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason within 24 months following the consummation of a change
in control, he will be eligible to receive the foregoing severance benefits except that the subsidized healthcare coverage will be up
to 24 months following the date of termination, and all of his then outstanding equity awards will accelerate in full.

There are no arrangements or understandings between
Mr. Doogue and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as an officer or elected a director. Neither Mr. Doogue nor any of his
immediate family has any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Mr. Doogue succeeds Vineet Nargolwala, who is
stepping down as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board. On February 23, 2025, the Company entered into
a Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims (the Separation Agreement) with Mr. Nargolwala, effective as of February
23, 2025. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Mr. Nargolwala will receive severance payments and benefits as provided under Section
4.2 of his Employment Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2022, as previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
as Exhibit 10.3 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2022, and as amended on October 31, 2024, as previously
filed with the Commission as Exhibit 10.5 to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on November 1, 2024.

The foregoing benefits were provided in consideration
for Mr. Nargolwalas execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in favor of the Company included in the Separation
Agreement and his continued compliance with applicable restrictive covenants.

The foregoing is a summary description of certain
terms of the Employment Agreement and the Separation Agreement. It is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Employment Agreement
and the Separation Agreement, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein
by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2025, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Michael C. Doogue.

10.2 Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims, dated as of February 23, 2025, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Vineet Nargolwala.

99.1 Press Release of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., dated February 23, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 24, 2025

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC.

By: /s/ Sharon S. Briansky

Sharon S. Briansky

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dp225234_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the
Agreement), entered into and effective as of February 23, 2025 (the Effective Date), is made
by and between Michael Doogue (Executive) and Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with
any of its subsidiaries and affiliates as may employ Executive from time to time, and any successor(s) thereto, the Company).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to assure itself of the services of Executive by engaging Executive to perform services under the terms hereof.; and

WHEREAS, Executive desires
to provide services to the Company on the terms herein provided.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, including the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Employment.

1.1 In General. The Company
and/or Allegro Microsystems, LLC shall employ Executive and Executive shall enter such employment, for the period set forth in Section
1.2, in the position set forth in Section 1.3, and upon the other terms and conditions herein provided.

1.2 Term of Employment.
Executive shall be employed at will, meaning that either the Company or Executive may terminate the Agreement and Executives employment
at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, subject to the terms of this Agreement. The period of Executives
employment hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the Term.

1.3 Position and Duties.
During the Term, Executive: (a) shall serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with responsibilities, duties and
authority customary for such position, subject to direction by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board);
(b) shall report to the Board; (c) shall devote substantially all Executives working time and efforts to the business and affairs
of the Company and its subsidiaries and (d) agrees to observe and comply with the Companys rules and policies as adopted by the
Company from time to time. In addition, on or as soon as practicable after the Effective Date, the Company shall cause Executive to be
appointed or nominated for election to the Board. The parties acknowledge and agree that Executives duties, responsibilities and
authority may include services for one or more subsidiaries or affiliates of the Company.

2. Compensation and Related Matters.

2.1 Annual Base Salary.
During the Term, Executive shall receive a base salary at a rate of $700,000 per annum, which shall be paid in accordance with the customary
payroll practices of the Company, subject to review by the compensation committee of the Board (the Committee) in
its sole discretion (the Annual Base Salary).

2.2 Annual Bonus. During
the Term, Executive will be eligible to participate in the Companys annual incentive compensation program. Executives annual
incentive compensation under such incentive program (the Annual Bonus) shall be targeted at 125% of Executives
Annual Base Salary (the Target Bonus). The actual amount of any Annual Bonus shall be based on the achievement of
performance goals to be determined by the Committee in consultation with Executive. Any Annual Bonus that is earned will be paid at the
same time and in the same form annual bonuses are paid to other executives of the Company generally, subject to Executives continuous
employment through the date of payment.

2.3 Annual Equity Award. Subject
to approval by the Committee, the Company shall grant to Executive an equity incentive compensation award under the 2020 Plan covering
shares of the Companys common stock with an aggregate grant-date value equal to $6,000,000 (the FY2026 Equity Grant).
The FY2026 Equity Grant shall be granted to Executive at the same time the annual equity incentive compensation awards are granted to
other executive officers of the Company. The terms and conditions of the FY2026 Equity Grant shall be set forth in separate award agreements
to be entered into by Executive and the Company. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, the FY2026 Equity Grant
shall be governed in all respects by the terms and conditions of the 2020 Plan and the applicable award agreement thereunder.

2.4 Benefits. Executive
shall be eligible to participate in employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements of the Company, as in effect from time to time (including,
without limitation, the Companys group medical and dental insurance plans and the Companys 401(k) plan).

2.5 Vacation; Holidays.
During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks paid vacation each full calendar year. Any vacation shall be taken at the
reasonable and mutual convenience of the Company and Executive. Holidays shall be provided in accordance with Company policy, as in effect
from time to time.

2.6 Business Expenses.
During the Term, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket travel and other business
expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executives duties to the Company in accordance with the Companys applicable
expense reimbursement policies and procedures.

3. Termination.

3.1 Executives employment
with the Company may be terminated under the following circumstances:

(a) Death. Executives
employment with the Company shall immediately terminate upon his death.

(b) Disability. If Executive has incurred a Disability, the Company may terminate Executives employment. For purposes of this Agreement,

Disability shall mean that the Executive has been determined to be (1) disabled and entitled to receive benefits under the Companys long-term disability plan and (2) disabled under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(4) or its successor. The date on which Executive shall be deemed to have incurred a Disability shall be the first date both requirements are satisfied as determined by the Board.

2

(c) Termination for Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean a good faith determination by the Board of any one or more of the following: (i) Executives continued or repeated failure or refusal (after prior written notice thereof from the Board and Executives failure to cure the same (if curable) within ten (10) calendar days of such written notice, and other than due to Executives Disability) to substantially perform the duties required by Executives position with the Company or any of its subsidiaries (it being understood that Executives failure to attain performance goals or targets or to otherwise fail to substantially perform the duties required by Executives position shall not constitute Cause hereunder if such failure is as a result of actions taken or not taken in good faith and with reasonable belief that such actions or omissions were in the best interests of the Company and its subsidiaries); (ii) Executives failure or refusal to follow lawful directives of the Board; (iii) gross negligence or willful misconduct (including unauthorized disclosure of material proprietary information) by Executive, which results in a material detriment to the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (iv) Executives conviction (by a court of competent jurisdiction, not subject to further appeal) of, or pleading guilty to, a felony that involves fraud or moral turpitude or that is perpetrated against the Company or any of its subsidiaries, their respective businesses or any of their respective assets, properties or personnel; or (v) a material breach by Executive of the Restrictive Covenants, this Agreement, or of any other written agreement with the Company to which Executive is a party.

(d) Termination without Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives employment without Cause.

(e) Resignation by Executive for Good Reason. Executive may resign from Executives employment for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without Executives prior written consent: (i) a reduction in Executives Annual Base Salary; (ii) a reduction in Executives Target Bonus; (iii) a material diminution in Executives authority, duties, responsibilities, or reporting relationship in connection with Executives employment with the Company; (iv) the relocation of Executives principal work location in connection with his employment by the Company to a facility or location more than seventy-five (75) miles from Executives present principal work location; or (v) the Company has materially breached this Agreement, including without limitation a failure to comply with the assignment to successor requirement in Section 9.1 below.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive
will not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (1) Executive gives the Company written notice within sixty (60) days following
the occurrence of the event(s) constituting Good Reason detailing the facts and circumstances believed by Executive to constitute Good
Reason, (2) the Company has thirty (30) days after receipt of such written notice to remedy or cure the event of Good Reason and fails
to remedy or cure the event within such period and (3) the effective date of Executives termination for Good Reason occurs no later
than thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Companys cure period. With respect to the foregoing definition, the term Company
will be interpreted to include any subsidiary, parent, affiliate, or any successor thereto, if appropriate.

(f) Resignation by Executive without Good Reason. The Executive may resign from the Executives employment for any reason other than for Good Reason.

3

3.2 Notice of Termination.
Any termination of employment (other than due to the Executives death), shall be communicated by a written notice to the other
party hereto (a Notice of Termination): (i) indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied
upon, and (ii) specifying a Termination Date (as defined below) which, if submitted by the Executive, shall be at least thirty (30) days
following the date of such notice. The failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance
which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of the Executive or the Company, respectively, hereunder
or preclude the Executive or the Company, respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Executives or
the Companys rights hereunder. If the Company, at the time of giving Executive notice of termination, specifies or requests a Termination
Date later than the date of the Notice of Termination, Executive shall not be required to accept a Termination Date that is more than
two weeks after the date of Notice of Termination, and the failure to agree to a later Termination Date shall not be construed as a voluntary
termination by Executive. The Termination Date for purposes of this Section 3.2, consistent with the preceding sentence, shall be the
final day of employment of Executive by the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Termination Date shall mean
the date of the termination of Executives employment with the Company, which, if Executives employment is terminated as
a result of Executives death, will be the date of Executives death, and otherwise shall be the date specified in a Notice
of Termination.

3.3 In the event that Executives
employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, unless otherwise determined by the Board, Executive shall (i) immediately and
automatically without any further action, resign from all positions held with the Company and any of its subsidiaries and affiliates,
including but not limited to any positions on the Board of Directors thereof and (ii) execute any documents necessary to effectuate such
resignations upon request by the Company.

4. Payments and Benefits Upon Termination.

4.1 In General. Upon a
termination of the Executives employment for any reason, the Executive (or the Executives estate) shall be entitled to receive:
(i) any portion of the Executives Annual Base Salary through the Termination Date not theretofore paid, (ii) any expenses owed
to the Executive under Section 2.6, and (iii) any amount arising from the Executives participation in, or benefits under, any employee
benefit plans, programs or arrangements under Section 2.4, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions
of such employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements (collectively, the Accrued Obligations). Except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.2 below, the payments and benefits described in this Section 4.1 shall be the only payments and benefits payable
in the event of the Executives termination of employment for any reason.

4.2 Qualifying Termination
Outside of the Change of Control Period. Subject to Executives delivery to the Company of a Release that becomes effective
and irrevocable in accordance with Section 10.5 below and Executives continued compliance with the Restrictive Covenants, in the
event of termination of Executives employment due to a Qualifying Termination outside of the Change of Control Period (each as
defined in Section 4.3 below), then in addition to the Accrued Obligations, Executive shall be entitled to the following (the Regular
Severance Benefits):

(a) Base Salary and Target Bonus Severance. The Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to 2.0x the sum of Annual Base Salary plus Target Bonus, each as in effect as of the Termination Date (disregarding any reduction thereto constituting Good Reason) (the Base Salary and Target Bonus Severance) payable, less applicable withholdings and deductions, in a single lump sum cash payment on the first regular payroll date following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable or as otherwise provided in Section 10.5 below.

4

(b) Prorated Bonus. The Company shall pay to Executive a prorated Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs, determined by multiplying the Target Bonus on the Termination Date by a ratio equal to the number of completed days of employment in the fiscal year prior to and including the Termination Date divided by the total number of days in such fiscal year (the Prorated Bonus), payable, less applicable withholdings and deductions, in a single lump sum cash payment on the first regular payroll date following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable or as otherwise provided in Section 10.5 below.

(c) COBRA. If Executive is a participant on the Termination Date in a group health plan of the Company that is subject to Section 601 et seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar state health care continuation coverage law (COBRA), if Executive timely elects to accept continued health insurance coverage under COBRA, the Company shall pay or reimburse to Executive an amount equal to the full monthly cost of Executives COBRA coverage until the earlier of eighteen (18) months after the Termination Date or such date as Executive becomes eligible for health insurance coverage through any subsequent employment (the COBRA Subsidy Period). If Executive desires to continue health care coverage under COBRA after becoming eligible for other health insurance coverage or otherwise after the COBRA Subsidy Period, Executive may do so for the balance of the applicable COBRA period at Executives expense consistent with the requirements of COBRA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to provide Executive with the healthcare continuation coverage benefits in this Section 4.2 if doing so would result in the imposition of penalties or other adverse consequences to the Company pursuant to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, or any successor legislation or regulations thereunder. 

(d) Equity Acceleration. The vesting of Executives outstanding equity awards as of the Termination Date that are not subject to performance-based vesting requirements shall be accelerated effective as of immediately prior to such Termination Date with respect to that number of shares subject thereto that would have become vested on the next applicable vesting date following the Termination Date as if Executive had remained employed by the Company through such vesting date. The vesting of Executives outstanding equity awards as of the Termination Date that are subject to performance-based vesting requirements shall be accelerated effective as of immediately prior to such Termination Date with respect to a pro-rated portion of the shares subject thereto (determined based on the number of days that Executive was employed during the applicable performance period relative to the total number of days in the performance period), with the performance conditions being deemed achieved at the greater of the target performance level or the trending performance level determined by the Committee using the most recent scorecard submitted to the Committee immediately prior to the Termination Date.

5

4.3 Qualifying Termination
within the Change of Control Period. Subject to Executives delivery to the Company of a Release that becomes effective and
irrevocable in accordance with Section 10.5(c) below and Executives continued compliance with the Restrictive Covenants, in the
event of termination of Executives employment due to a Qualifying Termination within the twenty-four (24)-month period immediately
following the consummation of a Change of Control (as defined in the 2020 Plan) (the Change of Control Period), in
addition to the Accrued Obligations, and in lieu of the Regular Severance Benefits, Executive shall be entitled to receive (the Change
of Control Severance Benefits): (a) the Base Salary and Target Bonus Severance described in Section 4.2(a) above; (b) the Prorated
Bonus described in Section 4.2(b) above; (c) the healthcare continuation coverage benefits described in Section 4.2(c) above, except that
the COBRA Subsidy Period shall be twenty-four (24) months instead of eighteen (18) months, and (d) 100% vesting of all outstanding equity
awards effective as of immediately prior to the Termination Date, with vesting of awards that are subject to performance-based vesting
requirements that would otherwise continue to apply following the Change in Control transaction being deemed achieved at the greater of
the target performance level or the trending performance level determined by the Committee using the most recent scorecard
submitted to the Committee immediately prior to the Termination Date. For purposes of this Section 4, a Qualifying Termination
shall mean any termination of Executives employment by the Company without Cause or a resignation by the Executive for Good Reason.

4.4 Tax Withholding. The payments and benefits
described in this Section 4 shall be subject to applicable tax withholding obligations.

5. Release Requirement; Compliance with Restrictive Covenants.

5.1 As a prerequisite to the Companys
payment of the Regular Severance Benefits or the Change of Control Severance Benefits, as applicable (in either case, the Severance
Benefits), Executive shall have executed and delivered to the Company a general release of claims substantially in the form
attached as Exhibit A (Release) and the Release shall have become effective and irrevocable
in accordance with its terms as specified in this Section 5 on or prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date. The
Company may modify the Release in order to specify the amount of the Severance Benefits, comply with changes in law, or reflect changes
in relevant facts (such as the name of the Company). However, the Company shall not include any additional requirements or provisions
in the Release, including without limitation any restrictive covenants concerning post-termination activities of Executive without Executives
prior written consent.

5.2 The Company shall deliver the
form of Release to Executive on or prior to the Termination Date. The Release shall not become effective until the Release Expiration
Date (as defined below).

5.3 The health insurance continuation
benefit described in Sections 4.2(c) and 4.3(c) shall be provided to Executive on a monthly basis after the Termination Date on the assumption
that the Release will become effective on the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date, provided that entitlement to such benefit
shall expire if the Release does not become effective within sixty (60) days after the Termination Date and, in such case, Executive shall
be required to promptly return amounts paid on his behalf to the Company.

5.4 Executives entitlement
to receive and to retain the Severance Benefits will be conditioned upon Executives compliance with all restrictive covenants concerning
post-termination activities of Executive contained in any other written agreement between Executive and the Company (collectively, Restrictive
Covenants), which Restrictive Covenants are hereby incorporated in their entirety as though fully set forth herein.

5.5 Unless otherwise determined by
the Board, the Severance Benefits shall not be payable unless and until Executive has resigned from all positions held with the Company
and any of its subsidiaries and affiliates in accordance with Section 3.3.

6

6. Parachute Payments.

6.1 Best Pay Cap. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, in the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by Executive or paid on Executives
behalf (including any payment or benefit received in connection with a termination of Executives employment, whether pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, any other plan, arrangement or agreement or otherwise) (all such payments and benefits, including the payments
and benefits under Section 4, being hereinafter referred to as the Total Payments) would be subject (in whole or
part), to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) (or
any similar tax that may be imposed by any taxing authority) (such excise tax or similar tax, the Excise Tax), then
the Total Payments shall be reduced solely to the extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Total Payments is subject to the Excise
Tax but only if (i) the net amount of such Total Payments, as so reduced (and after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local
income or payroll taxes on such reduced Total Payments and after taking into account the phase out of itemized deductions and personal
exemptions attributable to such reduced Total Payments) is greater than or equal to (ii) the net amount of such Total Payments without
such reduction (but after subtracting the net amount of federal, state and local or payroll income taxes on such Total Payments and the
amount of Excise Tax to which Executive would be subject in respect of such unreduced Total Payments and after taking into account the
phase out of itemized deductions and personal exemptions attributable to such unreduced Total Payments). If a reduction is to occur pursuant
to this Section 6.1, unless an affirmative election by Executive is permitted by (such that it would not result in taxation under) Section
409A, the reduction to the Total Payments shall be implemented in the following order: (i) cash severance payments under this Agreement;
(ii) accelerated vesting of any equity-based awards; (iii) non-cash benefits under this Agreement; and (iv) any other payments or
benefits under this Agreement or otherwise. If no reduction is to occur pursuant to this Section 6.1, the Total Payments shall be delivered
and paid to Executive in full.

6.2 Certain Exclusions.
For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which the Total Payments will be subject to the Excise Tax, (i) no portion of the
Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which Executive shall have waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a payment
within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account; (ii) no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into
account which, in the written opinion of a qualified accounting firm or other advisor appointed or engaged by the Company with Executives
prior written consent prior to any change in ownership or control (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.280G-1, Q&As
27 - 29) (the Independent Advisors), does not constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section
280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the Excise Tax, no portion of such
Total Payments shall be taken into account which, in the written opinion of Independent Advisors, constitutes reasonable compensation
for services actually rendered, within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the base amount (as
defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation; and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit
or any deferred payment or benefit included in the Total Payments shall be determined by the Independent Advisors in accordance with the
principles of Sections 280G of the Code. In the event that the Independent Advisors are serving as accountants, auditors or counsel for
the individual, entity or group effecting the change in ownership or control (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section
1.280G-1, Q&As 27 - 29), the Company shall appoint another qualified accounting firm or other advisor to make the determinations
hereunder (which firms shall then be referred to as the Independent Advisors hereunder). All determinations hereunder
shall be made by the Independent Advisors, who shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and Executive at such
time as it is requested by the Company or Executive. The determination of the Independent Advisors shall be final and binding upon the
Company and Executive. The Company shall be responsible for all charges for the Independent Advisors. The Company and Executive shall
promptly deliver to each other copies of any written communications, and summaries of any verbal communications, with any taxing authority
regarding the Excise Tax covered by this Section 6.

7

6.3 Mitigation of Excise Tax.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other agreement between Executive and the Company or any of its subsidiaries
to the contrary, Executive and the Company shall in good faith attempt to agree on steps to ensure that no payments to which Executive
would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Agreement or any such other plan, arrangement or agreement will be parachute
payments as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code and shall cooperate with each other to mitigate the impact of the Excise
Tax and any potential reduction to payments or benefits provided under this Agreement, any other plan, arrangement or agreement or otherwise.

7. Exclusive Remedy.

7.1 Executives receipt of the
Severance Benefits shall be in lieu of any benefits specified under any other severance policy maintained by the Company; any benefits
pursuant to any other agreement or understanding between Executive and the Company relating to termination of employment; and any Annual
Bonus for the fiscal year in which the Termination Date occurs.

8. Successors and Assigns.

8.1 This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns, including any successor entity by merger, consolidation
or transfer of all or substantially all of the Companys assets. The Company shall require and cause any person, group or entity
that acquires all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to accept a written assignment of this Agreement by the Company, and
to acknowledge in such document that the acquiror accepts the assignment and undertakes to perform this Agreement in accordance with its
terms.

9. Amended or Successor Agreements.

9.1 If requested by the Company, Executive
will in good faith consider and negotiate an amended or a successor agreement in order to address revised circumstances (for example the
restructuring of the Company), providing that there is no diminution in the level of benefits available to Executive hereunder.

10. Miscellaneous Provisions.

10.1 Arbitration. Any
claim, dispute or controversy arising out of this Agreement, the interpretation, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the alleged
breach thereof shall be settled by binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of the American
Arbitration Association in Manchester, New Hampshire, or elsewhere by mutual agreement. The Company shall bear responsibility for all
costs of arbitration and shall reimburse Executive for his reasonable attorneys fees. Judgment may be entered on the arbitration
award in any court having jurisdiction.

8

10.2 Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the state of New Hampshire.

10.3 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between Executive and Company concerning the subject matter hereof,
and supersedes all prior negotiations or understandings between the parties, whether written or oral, including employment offer letter,
concerning such matter, including but not limited to any prior employment agreement, offer letter, or similar contracts between Executive
and the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates and the Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, dated as of September 30,
2020, by and between Executive and the Company, as amended from time to time.

10.4 Employment At-Will.
Executives employment with the Company shall remain at will. Nothing in the Agreement shall provide Executive with any right to
continued employment with the Company for any specific period of time or interfere with or restrict the right of either Executive or the
Company to terminate Executives employment at any time.

10.5 Application of Section 409A.

(a) General. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, to the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Section 409A of the Code (Section 409A). Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the Company determines that any amounts payable hereunder will be immediately taxable to Executive under Section 409A, the Company reserves the right (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify Executive for failure to do so) to (i) adopt such amendments to this Agreement and appropriate policies and procedures, including amendments and policies with retroactive effect, that the Company determines to be necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided by this Agreement, to preserve the economic benefits of this Agreement and to avoid less favorable accounting or tax consequences for the Company and/or (ii) take such other actions as the Company determines to be necessary or appropriate to exempt the amounts payable hereunder from Section 409A or to comply with the requirements of Section 409A and thereby avoid the application of penalty taxes thereunder. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A from Executive or any other individual to the Company or any of its affiliates, employees or agents.

(b) Separation from Service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) no amount shall be payable pursuant to Section 4.2 or Section 4.3 unless the termination of Executives employment constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Department of Treasury Regulations; (ii) for purposes of Section 409A, Executives right to receive installment payments pursuant to Section 4.2 or Section 4.3 shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments; and (iii) to the extent that any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A, such reimbursement or benefit shall be provided no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year. The amount of any in-kind benefits provided in one year shall not affect the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other year. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Executive is deemed at the time of his separation from service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the termination benefits to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of the Executives termination benefits shall not be provided to the Executive prior to the earlier of (x) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Executives separation from service with the Company (as such term is defined in the Treasury Regulations issued under Section 409A) or (y) the date of the Executives death; upon the earlier of such dates, all payments deferred pursuant to this sentence shall be paid in a lump sum to the Executive, and any remaining payments due under the Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein.

9

(c) Release.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) due under this Agreement as a result of Executives termination of employment are subject to Executives execution and delivery of a Release, (i) the Company shall deliver the Release to Executive within ten (10) business days following the Termination Date, and the Companys failure to deliver a Release prior to the expiration of such ten (10) business day period shall constitute a waiver of any requirement to execute a Release, (ii) if Executive fails to execute the Release on or prior to the Release Expiration Date (as defined below) or timely revokes his acceptance of the Release thereafter, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits otherwise conditioned on the Release, and (iii) in any case where the Termination Date and the Release Expiration Date fall in two separate taxable years, any payments required to be made to Executive that are conditioned on the Release and are treated as nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A shall be made in the later taxable year. For purposes of this Section 10.5, Release Expiration Date shall mean the date that is twenty-one (21) days following the date upon which the Company timely delivers the Release to Executive, or, in the event that Executives termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), the date that is forty-five (45) days following such delivery date. To the extent that any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) due under this Agreement as a result of Executives termination of employment are delayed pursuant to this Section 10.5, such amounts shall be paid in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the date that Executive executes and does not revoke the Release (and the applicable revocation period has expired) or, in the case of any payments subject to Section 10.5, on the first payroll period to occur in the subsequent taxable year, if later.

10.6 Proprietary Information.
Nothing in this Agreement or the Release shall be construed as an elimination or waiver of Executives obligations not to disclose confidential or
proprietary information to third parties as required by Company policy and any agreements between the Company and Executive that were
executed during Executives employment with the Company.

10.7 Waiver; Amendment.
No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of this Agreement. No waiver or amendment
of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written document signed by Executive and an executive of the Company authorized
by the Board.

10.8 Notices. Any notices
required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing, and may be transmitted by personal delivery, by courier service or by e-mail if
receipt of such e-mail is acknowledged by the receiving party. Notices shall be addressed to the recipients principal
business office.

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the date and year first above written.

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC.

/s/ Michael Doogue

/s/ Sharon Briansky

Executive 

Name: Sharon Briansky

Title: Senior Vice President,

General Counsel and Secretary 

11

SEPARATION AGREEMENT
AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS

This SEPARATION AGREEMENT
AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS (Release) is made by Michael Doogue (Executive),
a resident of New Hampshire, in favor of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (the Company), and all related entities,
corporations, partnerships and subsidiaries of the Company, as well as each of their current and former directors, insurers, officers,
trustees, partners, successors in interest, representatives and agents.

WHEREAS, Executives
employment by the Company will end on _______ (the Termination Date); and

WHEREAS, Executive wishes
to provide the Company with a general release in exchange for the consideration to be provided by the Company to Executive pursuant to
that certain Employment Agreement between Executive and the Company dated as of February 23, 2025 (the Employment Agreement).

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the commitments and mutual promises contained in this document, it is agreed as follows:

ONE: This Release shall
constitute full accord and satisfaction of any and all claims which have been or could be raised by Executive and a covenant not to sue
(as set forth in Paragraph THREE below).

TWO: Effective as of
the Termination Date, Executives employment with the Company shall be terminated, and Executive agrees to resign from any and all
positions held with the Company, including but not limited to any position on the Companys Board of Directors or any positions
of any affiliated entities of the Company.

In return for Executives
releases under this Release, the Company shall provide the following Consideration to Executive:

a) The Base Salary and Target
Bonus Severance defined in the Employment Agreement, which shall be an amount equal to _______________ ($_________), payable, less applicable
withholdings and deductions, in a single lump sum cash payment on the first regular payroll date following the date this Release becomes
effective and irrevocable.

b) The Prorated Bonus defined in the Employment Agreement, which shall be an amount equal to _______________ ($__________), payable, less applicable withholdings and deductions, in a single lump sum cash payment on the first regular payroll date following the date this Release becomes effective and irrevocable.

c) If Executive is a participant on the Termination Date in a group health plan of the Company that is subject to Section 601 et seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar state health care continuation coverage law (COBRA), and if Executive timely elects to accept continued health insurance coverage under COBRA, the Company will pay or reimburse Executive an amount equal to the full monthly cost of Executives COBRA coverage until the earlier of eighteen (18) months after the Termination Date or such date as Executive becomes eligible for health insurance coverage through any subsequent employment (the COBRA Subsidy Period). If Executive desires to continue health care coverage under COBRA after becoming eligible for other health insurance coverage or otherwise after the COBRA Subsidy Period, Executive may do so for the balance of the applicable COBRA period at Executives expense consistent with the requirements of COBRA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to provide Executive with the healthcare continuation coverage benefits in this Section 4.2(c) if doing so would result in the imposition of penalties or other adverse consequences to the Company pursuant to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, or any successor legislation or regulations thereunder.

12

d) Accelerated vesting and payment of the following equity awards outstanding and held by Executive as of the Termination Date, in accordance with Section 4.2(d) of the Employment Agreement, as applicable, effective as of immediately prior to such Termination Date:

Awards Grant Date # of Shares Settled

In addition, Executive
shall receive the amounts not paid, if any, with respect to the following through the Termination Date: (i) any Annual Base Salary (defined
in the Employment Agreement) and accrued but unpaid vacation, (ii) any reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket travel and other business
expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executives duties to the Company in accordance with the Companys applicable
expense reimbursement policies and procedures, and (iii) any amount arising from the Executives participation in, or benefits under,
any employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such
employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements.

Executive acknowledges,
understands, and agrees that other than the Consideration set forth above and the items in the immediately prior paragraph,, the Company
shall not have any obligations to Executive for the payment of any compensation, benefits, expenses or any other amounts of any kind.

THREE: In return for
the Consideration to be provided by the Company to Executive, on behalf of Executive and his heirs, beneficiaries, devisees, executors,
administrators, attorneys, personal representatives, and assigns, Executive promises not to sue, and Executive releases and gives up any
claim he/ she has or may have against, the Company or any of its current or former subsidiaries, affiliated companies, parent companies,
shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, benefit plans, trustees or representatives, or their successors or assigns, including
without limitation any claim under federal, state, or local law relating to Executives employment with the Company or the termination
thereof, from the beginning of time up to and including the date of execution of this Release, including, but not limited to, any and
all claims for breach of express or implied contract or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing; all claims for retaliation or violation
of public policy; all claims for unpaid wages under the Massachusetts Wage Act or corresponding New Hampshire law; all claims arising
under the Massachusetts and New Hampshire anti-discrimination in employment laws, the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, Title
VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Patriot Act,
the Family and Medical Leave Act, or any other federal, state, or local laws relating to employment or benefits associated with employment;
claims for emotional distress, mental anguish, personal injury, loss of consortium, and any and all claims that may be asserted on Executives
behalf by others; any claim for wages, compensation, and expenses paid or unpaid during the term of Executives employment; and
any claim for compensatory, punitive, or liquidated damages, interest, attorneys fees, costs, or disbursements. Executive retains
Executives rights under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), for
any accrued vested benefits under any retirement plan covering Executives employment, or rights to enforce the terms of this Release.

13

FOUR: Subject to Paragraph
FIVE below, at any time during and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not, in any manner, directly or
indirectly, make or publish any statement, whether orally or in writing, that would libel, slander, disparage, denigrate, ridicule or
criticize the Company, any of its affiliates or any of its or their employees, officers or directors.

FIVE: Executive acknowledges
and understands that nothing in this Release or otherwise is intended to or shall prevent Executive from (a) communicating directly with,
cooperating with, or providing information to, any federal, state or local government regulator, including, but not limited to, the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. National Labor
Relations Act, or the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunities Commission, (b) providing truthful statements in response to legal process,
required governmental testimony or filings or administrative or arbitral proceedings (including depositions in connection with such proceedings),
in connection with litigation or arbitration between Executive and the Company, or (c) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful
acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive reasonably believes to be unlawful. Executive
acknowledges that nothing contained in this Release or otherwise shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge with or
participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or a comparable state or
local agency, provided, however, that Executive hereby agrees to waive his right to recover monetary damages or other individual relief
in any charge, complaint or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else on his behalf. Executive further acknowledges that the Company
has provided Executive notice of his immunity rights under the Defend Trade Secrets Act, which states: (1) An individual shall
not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is
made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely
for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a
lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; and (2) an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer
for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose a trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information
in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and (B) does not disclose a
trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

SIX: This Release, including
without limitation the general release and covenant not to sue, applies to all claims due to anything arising before Executive signed
this Release, including even those claims not presently known to Executive.

SEVEN: This Release sets
forth the entire understanding between the parties pertaining to this subject matter except for Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 of the
Employment Agreement and any agreements between the Company and Executive pertaining to confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation,
non-disparagement or similar restrictive covenants. There is no other agreement, oral or written, which adds to or subtracts from this
Release or the Employment Agreement or otherwise modifies them. In the event that any provision of this Release is held by any agency
or court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal or invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected; and, the
illegal or invalid provisions shall be reformed to the extent possible to be consistent with the other terms of this Release; and if they
cannot be so reformed, then an invalid provision shall be deemed not to be a part of this Release.

14

EIGHT: This Release shall be interpreted under
the laws of the state of New Hampshire.

NINE: Executive acknowledges
that Executive received this Release and that Executive has been informed that Executive has twenty-one (21) days to review and consider
this Release and also acknowledges that Executive has been advised of the right to consult legal advisors of Executives choosing
with regard to this Release. Any modifications to the terms of this Release do not operate to extend the twenty-one (21) day limit for
Executives review of the Release. Executive may sign this Release prior to the expiration of the twenty-one (21) day deadline expressed
above, and Executive affirms that if Executive does so prior to that date it is done according to Executives own free will. Executive
understands that Executive may revoke this Release within seven (7) days after the date of Executives signature on this Release
by sending written notice of his/her intent to revoke to the Companys Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer via
courier service on or before the expiration of that seven (7) day right of revocation. Executive acknowledges that this Release can be
revoked only in its entirety and that once revoked no provision of this Release is enforceable. The Company will have no obligations under
this Release until the eighth (8th) day after Executives signature on this Release.

TEN: EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT EXECUTIVE HAS CAREFULLY READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS RELEASE CONSISTING OF THREE PAGES. EXECUTIVE ALSO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXECUTIVE ENTERS
INTO THIS RELEASE VOLUNTARILY, WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE OF ITS SIGNIFICANCE AND WITHOUT PRESSURE OR COERCION. EXECUTIVE ALSO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS RELEASE.

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims as of the date indicated below.

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

EXECUTIVE 

Date: 

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dp225234_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SEPARATION AGREEMENT
AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS

This SEPARATION AGREEMENT
AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS (Release) is made by Vineet Nargolwala (Executive),
a resident of Massachusetts, in favor of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (the Company), and all related entities,
corporations, partnerships and subsidiaries of the Company, as well as each of their current and former directors, insurers, officers,
trustees, partners, successors in interest, representatives and agents.

WHEREAS, Executives
employment by the Company will end on February 23, 2025 (the Termination Date); and

WHEREAS, Executive wishes
to provide the Company with a general release in exchange for the consideration to be provided by the Company to Executive pursuant to
that certain Employment Agreement between Executive and the Company dated as of May 2, 2022 and amended as of October 31, 2024 (the Employment
Agreement).

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the commitments and mutual promises contained in this document, it is agreed as follows:

ONE: This Release shall
constitute full accord and satisfaction of any and all claims which have been or could be raised by Executive and a covenant not to sue
(as set forth in Paragraph THREE below).

TWO: Effective as of
the Termination Date, Executives employment with the Company shall be terminated, and effective February 23, 2025 at 7:00 p.m.
EST, Executive voluntarily resigns from any and all positions held with the Company, including but not limited to any position on the
Companys Board of Directors or any positions of any affiliated entities of the Company.

In return for Executives
releases under this Release, the Company shall provide the following Consideration to Executive:

a) The Base Salary and Target Bonus Severance defined in the
Employment Agreement, which shall be an amount equal to THREE MILLION ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS AND ZERO CENTS ($3,150,000.00),
payable, less applicable withholdings and deductions, in a single lump sum cash payment on the first regular payroll date following the
date this Release becomes effective.

b) The Prorated Bonus defined in the Employment Agreement, which shall be an amount equal to FOUR HUNDRED TWENTY-THREE THOUSAND AND THREE DOLLARS AND ZERO CENTS ($423,003.00), payable, less applicable withholdings and deductions, in a single lump sum cash payment on the first regular payroll date following the date this Release becomes effective.

c) If Executive is a participant on the Termination Date in a group health plan of the Company that is subject to Section 601 et seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar state health care continuation coverage law (COBRA), and if Executive timely elects to accept continued health insurance coverage under COBRA, the Company will pay or reimburse Executive an amount equal to the full monthly cost of Executives COBRA coverage until the earlier of eighteen (18) months after the Termination Date or such date as Executive becomes eligible for health insurance coverage through any subsequent employment (the COBRA Subsidy Period). If Executive desires to continue health care coverage under COBRA after becoming eligible for other health insurance coverage or otherwise after the COBRA Subsidy Period, Executive may do so for the balance of the applicable COBRA period at Executives expense consistent with the requirements of COBRA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to provide Executive with the healthcare continuation coverage benefits in this Section 4.2(c) if doing so would result in the imposition of penalties or other adverse consequences to the Company pursuant to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, or any successor legislation or regulations thereunder.

d) Accelerated vesting and payment of the following equity awards outstanding and held by Executive as of the Termination Date, in accordance with Section 4.2(d) of the Employment Agreement, as applicable, effective as of immediately prior to such Termination Date:

Awards Grant Date # of Shares Settled

RSU 8/1/2022 15,886

PSU 8/1/2022 84,907

RSU 5/15/2023 18,631

PSU 5/15/2023 49,647

RSU 6/11/2024 27,596

PSU 6/11/2024 37,794

PSU-AIP 6/11/2024 13,015

In addition, Executive
shall receive the amounts not paid, if any, with respect to the following through the Termination Date: (i) any Annual Base Salary (defined
in the Employment Agreement) and accrued but unpaid vacation, (ii) any reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket travel and other business
expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executives duties to the Company in accordance with the Companys applicable
expense reimbursement policies and procedures, and (iii) any amount arising from the Executives participation in, or benefits under,
any employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such
employee benefit plans, programs or arrangements.

Executive acknowledges,
understands, and agrees that other than the Consideration set forth above and the items in the immediately prior paragraph, the Company
shall not have any obligations to Executive for the payment of any compensation, benefits, expenses or any other amounts of any kind.

2

THREE: In return for
the Consideration to be provided by the Company to Executive, on behalf of Executive and his heirs, beneficiaries, devisees, executors,
administrators, attorneys, personal representatives, and assigns, Executive promises not to sue, and Executive releases and gives up any
claim he/ she has or may have against, the Company or any of its current or former subsidiaries, affiliated companies, parent companies,
shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, benefit plans, trustees or representatives, or their successors or assigns, including
without limitation any claim under federal, state, or local law relating to Executives employment with the Company or the termination
thereof, from the beginning of time up to and including the date of execution of this Release, including, but not limited to, any and
all claims for breach of express or implied contract or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing; all claims for retaliation or violation
of public policy; all claims for unpaid wages under the Massachusetts Wage Act or corresponding New Hampshire law; all claims arising
under the Massachusetts and New Hampshire anti-discrimination in employment laws, the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, Title
VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Patriot Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, or any
other federal, state, or local laws relating to employment or benefits associated with employment; claims for emotional distress, mental
anguish, personal injury, loss of consortium, and any and all claims that may be asserted on Executives behalf by others; any claim
for wages, compensation, and expenses paid or unpaid during the term of Executives employment; and any claim for compensatory,
punitive, or liquidated damages, interest, attorneys fees, costs, or disbursements. Executive retains Executives rights
under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), for any accrued vested benefits
under any retirement plan covering Executives employment, or rights to enforce the terms of this Release.

FOUR: Subject to Paragraph
FIVE below, at any time during and after Executives employment with the Company, Executive will not, in any manner, directly or
indirectly, make or publish any statement, whether orally or in writing, that would libel, slander, disparage, denigrate, ridicule or
criticize the Company, any of its affiliates or any of its or their employees, officers or directors and the Company will instruct its
directors and executive officers not to, in any manner, directly or indirectly, make or publish any statement, whether orally or in writing,
that would libel, slander, disparage, denigrate, ridicule or criticize Executive.

FIVE: Executive acknowledges
and understands that nothing in this Release or otherwise is intended to or shall prevent Executive from (a) communicating directly with,
cooperating with, or providing information to, any federal, state or local government regulator, including, but not limited to, the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. National Labor
Relations Act, or the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunities Commission, (b) providing truthful statements in response to legal process,
required governmental testimony or filings or administrative or arbitral proceedings (including depositions in connection with such proceedings),
in connection with litigation or arbitration between Executive and the Company,
or (c) discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct
that Executive reasonably believes to be unlawful. Executive acknowledges that nothing contained in this Release or otherwise shall be
construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the U.S. Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission or a comparable state or local agency, provided, however, that Executive hereby agrees to waive his
right to recover monetary damages or other individual relief in any charge, complaint or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else
on his behalf. Executive further acknowledges that the Company has provided Executive notice of his immunity rights under the Defend Trade
Secrets Act, which states: (1) An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret
law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either
directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law;
or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; and (2) an
individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose a trade secret to
the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document
containing the trade secret under seal, and (B) does not disclose a trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

3

SIX: This Release, including
without limitation the general release and covenant not to sue, applies to all claims due to anything arising before Executive signed
this Release, including even those claims not presently known to Executive.

SEVEN: This Release sets
forth the entire understanding between the parties pertaining to this subject matter except for Sections 4.2, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 10 of the
Employment Agreement and any agreements or provisions contained in other agreements between the Company and Executive pertaining to confidentiality,
or non-solicitation. There is no other agreement, oral or written, which adds to or subtracts from this Release or the Employment Agreement
or otherwise modifies them. In the event that any provision of this Release is held by any agency or court of competent jurisdiction to
be illegal or invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected; and, the illegal or invalid provisions shall be
reformed to the extent possible to be consistent with the other terms of this Release; and if they cannot be so reformed, then an invalid
provision shall be deemed not to be a part of this Release.

EIGHT: This Release shall be interpreted under
the laws of the state of Massachusetts.

NINE: EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT EXECUTIVE HAS CAREFULLY READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS RELEASE CONSISTING OF FOUR PAGES. EXECUTIVE ALSO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXECUTIVE ENTERS
INTO THIS RELEASE VOLUNTARILY, WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE OF ITS SIGNIFICANCE AND WITHOUT PRESSURE OR COERCION. EXECUTIVE ALSO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS RELEASE.

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Separation Agreement and General Release of Claims as of the date indicated below.

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 

/s/ Sharon Briansky 

Name: Sharon Briansky 

Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

Date: February 23, 2025

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Vineet Nargolwala 

Vineet Nargolwala 

Date: February 23, 2025 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dp225234_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Allegro MicroSystems Appoints Mike Doogue as
President and Chief Executive Officer

MANCHESTER, N.H., Feb. 24, 2025 -- Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (Allegro)
(Nasdaq: ALGM) a global leader in power and sensing semiconductor solutions for motion control and energy-efficient systems, today announced
the appointment of Mike Doogue as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board.

Mr. Doogues ascension to CEO comes after 27 years of rising through
the leadership ranks at Allegro, during which time he enabled many of Allegros disruptive technologies, originally as an engineer
and later as a business leader. Immediately prior to this promotion, Mr. Doogue served as Allegros Executive Vice President and
its first Chief Technology Officer (CTO), leading technology development and worldwide operations, which includes manufacturing, procurement,
and quality. Mr. Doogue also previously served as the Companys Senior Vice President of Technology and Products, which included
direct oversight of each of the Companys business units. As a testament to his roots as an engineer and technology innovator, Mr.
Doogue personally holds 75 semiconductor-related U.S. patents.

Mike has been instrumental in shaping our strategy, developing
our technology roadmap and creating new, innovative products that drive customer value, and we are confident that he is the right person
to drive Allegro to the next level, said Joseph Martin, Lead Independent Director of the Board of Directors. The leadership
transition we are announcing today represents the culmination of a long-term and thoughtful succession planning process led by our Board.
Allegro is extending its technology leadership position and is poised to capitalize on the catalysts for growth across the auto and industrial
markets. Mikes deep knowledge of our business, leadership experience, and vision for the future will help drive Allegros
success.

Mr. Doogue succeeds Vineet Nargolwala, who is stepping down as President
and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board. Mr. Doogue commented, I am grateful for the opportunity to lead this
incredible Company. Throughout my 27 years at Allegro, I have gained a deep appreciation of the quality of talent across the organization
and the Companys unwavering commitment to innovation with purpose. I have spent my career shaping our unique value
proposition and competitive advantages, creating significant opportunities moving forward. I am very excited to work closely with Allegros
talented team to continue driving our technology leadership, advancing our innovation efforts, strengthening our relationship with key
customers and delivering strong financial performance. Id also like to personally thank Vineet as a colleague and for his accomplishments
during his tenure with the Company.

Mr. Nargolwala said, It has been a privilege to serve as Allegros
CEO for nearly three years, and I am thankful to our dedicated teams around the globe for their support, collaboration and terrific contributions.
I have worked closely with Mike, and I am confident that under his leadership, Allegro is well-positioned for the future.

About Allegro MicroSystems

Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. is leveraging more than three decades of
expertise in magnetic sensing and power ICs to propel automotive, clean energy and industrial automation forward with solutions that enhance
efficiency, performance and sustainability. Allegros commitment to quality drives transformation across industries, reinforcing
our status as a pioneer in automotive grade technology and a partner in our customers success. For additional information,
visit www.allegromicro.com.

Contact

Jalene Hoover

VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications

jhoover@allegromicro.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>algm-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>algm-20250224_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>algm-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>algm-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39675

Entity Registrant Name Allegro MicroSystems, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000866291

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-2405937

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 955 Perimeter Road

Entity Address, City or Town Manchester

Entity Address, State or Province NH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 03103

City Area Code 603

Local Phone Number 626-2300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol ALGM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ALGM_CommonStockParValue0.01PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
2 
22 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://allegromicro.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

algm-20250224.xsd 
algm-20250224_def.xml 
algm-20250224_lab.xml 
algm-20250224_pre.xml 
dp225234_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000950103-25-002318-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>dp225234_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000866291 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

0000866291 

ALGM:CommonStockParValue0.01PerShareMember 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000866291 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
DE 
001-39675 
46-2405937 
955 Perimeter Road 
Manchester 
NH 
03103 
603 
626-2300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
ALGM 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>