<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000811589-25-000005.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0000811589-25-000005.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206160536
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000811589-25-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250206
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST BANCORP /NC/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000811589
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				561421916
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15572
		FILM NUMBER:		25597357

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 SW BROAD STREET
		CITY:			SOUTHERN PINES
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28387
		BUSINESS PHONE:		910-246-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 SW BROAD STREET
		CITY:			SOUTHERN PINES
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28387
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>fbnc-20250206.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?fbnc-20250206

false000081158900008115892025-02-062025-02-06

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 6, 2025

First Bancorp

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

North Carolina 0-15572 56-1421916

(State or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer

of Incorporation) File Number) Identification Number)

300 SW Broad Street, 

Southern Pines, NC 28387

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(910)246-2500

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered:

Common Stock, No Par Value FBNC The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1

First Bancorp

INDEX

Page

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 3 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers 3 

Item 8.01. Other Events 3 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 3 

Signatures 4 

Exhibit 10.k Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective February 7, 2025, among the Registrant, First Bank and Michael G. Mayer. 5 

Exhibit 10.u Employment Agreement, effective February 7, 2025, among the Registrant, First Bank and Christian Wilson. 18 

Exhibit 99.1 News Release dated February 6, 2025 33 

2

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

The Company announced on February 6, 2025 that it, its bank subsidiary, First Bank (the Bank), and Michael G. Mayer have entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective February 7, 2025 (the Agreement). Under the Agreement, Mr. Mayer will continue to serve as President of the Company but will relinquish his office as Chief Executive Officer of the Bank. 

The Company also announced on February 6, 2025 that the Company, the Bank and Christian Wilson have entered into an employment agreement, effective February 7, 2025. Mr. Wilson serves as an Executive Vice President and the Chief Operating Officer of the Company and the Bank.

Copies of the press release, Mr. Mayers Agreement and Mr. Wilsons Employment Agreement are attached as Exhibits to this Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers

The Company announced on February 6, 2025 that Adam Currie, previously President of the Bank, has been appointed by the Board of Directors of the Bank, as the Banks President and Chief Executive Officer, effective February 7, 2025. Michael G. Mayer, President of the Company and formerly Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, will continue to serve as the President of the Company. A copy of the Companys press release is attached as an Exhibit to this Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events

The Company has announced that the Board of Directors of the Company has authorized the Companys management to implement a stock repurchase plan for up to $40.0 million of the Companys outstanding Common Stock. Repurchases under the plan may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, subject to the terms of the plan, market conditions and other factors. Open market purchases will be made within the pricing, volume and other requirements of Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

The plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Common Stock. The plan may be extended, modified, suspended or discontinued at any time.

A copy of the Companys press release is attached as an Exhibit to this Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit 10.k Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective February 7, 2025, among the Registrant, First Bank and Michael G. Mayer.

Exhibit 10.u Employment Agreement, effective February 7, 2025, among the Registrant, First Bank and Christian Wilson.

Exhibit 99.1 News Release dated February 6, 2025

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

FIRST BANCORP

February 6, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Richard H. Moore

Richard H. Moore

Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.K
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibitamendedandrestatede.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.K
<TEXT>
Document

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered as of the Effective Date by and among First Bancorp (the Company) and First Bank (the Bank and collectively with the Company, the Employer) and Michael G. Mayer (Executive). 

BACKGROUND

WHEREAS, the Employer and Executive entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of February 1, 2022 (the Prior Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the expertise and experience of Executive and Executives relationships and reputation in the financial institutions industry are extremely valuable to the Employer; and

WHEREAS, it is in the best interests of the Employer to employ and retain experienced executive officers to further the Employers efficient and profitable operations in order to enhance the value of its shareholders investments; and

WHEREAS, the Employer desires to provide substantial benefits to Executive to which Executive would not be otherwise entitled and to obtain from Executive covenants protecting the Employers customer relationships, confidential information and trade secrets, and Executive desires to obtain such benefits and is willing to enter into such covenants; and

WHEREAS, the Employer desires to amend and restate the Prior Agreement as set forth herein and Executive agrees to such amendment and restatement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Effective Date. The effective time and date of this Agreement shall be deemed to be 12:00:01 oclock, a.m., on February 7, 2025 (the Effective Date).

2. Definitions. The following defined terms are defined in the referenced Sections of this Agreement.

TermSection

Accrued Obligations Section 8(a)(i)(A)

ADA Act Section 7(a)

Base Salary Section 6(a)

Bank Group Section 11(a)

Benefit Plans Section 6(c)

Business Section 11(a)

Cause Section 7(b)

CEO Section 3

COBRA Section 8(a)(ii)

COBRA Reimbursement Section 8(a)(ii)

Code Section 7(h)

Compete Section 11(a)

Commissioner Section 13(d)

Confidential Information Section 14(a)(vi)

Covered Person Section 11(b)

Date of Termination Section 7(g)

Disability Section 7(a)

Disability Effective Date Section 7(a)

Dodd-Frank Act Section 14(e)

Effective Date Section 1

Employment Period Section 4

FDIC Section 13(d)

FRB Section 13(d)

Good Reason Section 7(d)

Notice of Termination Section 7(f)

Other Benefits Section 8(b)

Rules Section 11(e)

Restricted Period Section 11(a)

Section 409A Section 7(h)

Terminate Section 7(h)

Termination Without Cause Section 7(c)

Territory Section 11(a)

Trade Secrets Section 14(a)(v)

Voluntary Termination Section 7(e)

Welfare Benefit Plans Section 6(d)

3. Employment. Executive shall be employed as the President of the Company and as an employee of the Bank. Executives responsibilities, duties and prerogatives as President of the Company, and the clerical, administrative and other support staff and office facilities provided to Executive, shall be those customary for persons holding such office with institutions that are a part of the financial institutions industry. Executives responsibilities and duties shall be primarily focused upon providing guidance, resources, experience and assistance in the transition of leadership responsibilities to the executive officers of the Bank. Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO).

4. Employment Period. Unless earlier Terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, the term of this Agreement and Executives employment hereunder shall begin as of the Effective Date and shall end on February 28, 2026 (the Employment Period). 

5. Extent of Service. During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation, sick or other leave to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement, Executive agrees to provide Executives business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Employer and, to the extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to Executive hereunder, to use Executives reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently Executives responsibilities and duties under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or should be construed as prohibiting Executive from engaging in charitable, trade association, or civic activities or from managing Executives personal investments or affairs.

6. Compensation and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the Employer will pay to Executive an annual base salary of $650,000 (the Base Salary), less normal withholdings, payable in equal monthly or more frequent installments as are customary under the Banks payroll practices from time to time, which Base Salary shall be prorated for any portion of a calendar year occurring within the Employment Period. 

(b) Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all of the Employers savings, pension, and retirement plans in at least as 

favorable a manner as any other participant who is a member of the senior executive management of the Company or the Bank (the Benefit Plans). 

(c) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, Executive and/or Executives family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for participation in and shall receive all benefits under all welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Employer (including, without limitation, medical, hospitalization, prescription, dental, cancer, employee life, group life, accidental death and dismemberment, and travel accident insurance plans and programs) (Welfare Benefit Plans) to the extent applicable to its employees generally.

(d) Expenses. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in accordance with the policies, practices and procedures of the Bank to the extent applicable to its employees generally. The expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Section 6(d) in any year shall not affect any expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other year. Executives rights under this Section 6(d) are not subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit.

(e) Fringe and Similar Benefits. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits in accordance with the plans, practices, programs and policies of the Employer applicable to its employees generally.

(f) Disability, Sick and Other Leave. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to those number of business days of paid disability, sick and other leave specified in the employment policies of the Bank.

7. Termination of Employment.

(a) Death or Disability. Executives employment with the Employer shall Terminate automatically upon Executives death during the Employment Period. If the Employer determines in good faith that the Disability of Executive has occurred during the Employment Period, it may give to Executive written notice in accordance with Sections 7(e) and 16(i) of this Agreement of its intention to Terminate Executives employment. In such event, Executives employment with the Employer shall Terminate effective on the 60th day after receipt of such written notice by Executive (the Disability Effective Date), provided that, within the 30 days after such receipt, Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of Executives duties. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean Executives inability to perform the essential functions of Executives employment due to illness, injury or mental or physical impairment, which inability cannot be remedied by any reasonable accommodation the Employer may be required to provide Executive under the Americans With Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 1210 et seq. (the ADA Act), on a full-time basis for 90 consecutive business days or a total of 180 non-consecutive business days in a single 12 month period, subject to (i) the Employers obligations, and Executives rights, under (A) the ADA Act, and (B) the Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U. S.C. 2601 et seq. (and the regulations promulgated under the foregoing Acts), and (ii) the exclusion from such business day calculation of any business days which Executive is permitted to be absent under the disability, sick or other leave policies of the Bank as provided in Section 6(g).

(b) Cause. The Employer may Terminate Executives employment with the Employer for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean:

(i) the continued failure of Executive to perform substantially Executives duties with the Employer, other than any such failure resulting from Disability, after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to Executive by the CEO which specifically identifies the manner in which the CEO believes that Executive has not substantially performed Executives duties; provided, that 

Executive shall have 30 days from the receipt of such written demand to cure such continued failure to substantially perform Executives duties;

(ii) the willful engaging by Executive in illegal conduct (other than misdemeanor traffic and similar violations) or gross misconduct; 

(iii) a willful and material act of personal dishonesty;

(iv) continued insubordination with respect to directives of the CEO after receipt of a written warning from the CEO with respect thereto; or

(v) a willful act by Executive which constitutes a material breach of Executives fiduciary duty to the Employer. 

(c) Without Cause. The Employer may Terminate Executives employment without Cause (Termination Without Cause).

(d) Good Reason. Executive may Terminate Executives employment with the Employer for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean: (i) a change in the executive offices of the Employer assigned to Executive pursuant to this Agreement; (ii) a material diminution in Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities specified in Section 3; (iii) a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement (it being agreed that Executive shall maintain Executives offices in Southern Pines, North Carolina and that Executive may provide services remotely through telephonic, email and other electronic means as generally agreed by the CEO and Executive); and (iv) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Employer of this Agreement; provided, however, that Executive must provide notice to the Employer of the condition Executive contends is Good Reason within 30 days of the initial existence of the condition, and the Employer must have a period of at least 30 days to remedy the condition. If the condition is not remedied, Executive must provide a Notice of Termination as set forth in Sections 7(f) and 16 within 30 days of the end of the Employers remedy period. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7(d) to the contrary, no event shall constitute Good Reason unless such event would qualify as good reason under Section 409A.

(e) Retirement or Resignation. Executive may voluntarily retire or resign upon giving notice as required in Sections 7(f) and 16(i) of this Agreement and thereby Terminate Executives employment with the Employer (a Voluntary Termination).

(f) Notice of Termination. Any Termination (other than for death) shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination given in accordance with Section 16(i) of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executives employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the Date of Termination (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the giving of such Notice of Termination except as otherwise provided in Section 7(a) or Section 7(d)). The failure to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Disability, Cause, or Good Reason shall not waive any right of Executive or the Employer hereunder or preclude Executive or the Employer from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing Executives or the Employers rights hereunder.

(g) Date of Termination. Date of Termination means (i) if Executives employment is Terminated by the Employer for Cause or Terminated Without Cause, the date of receipt of the Notice 

of Termination or any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if Executives employment is Terminated by a Voluntary Termination, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination, and (iii) if Executives employment is Terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be.

(h) For purposes of this Agreement, Terminate (and variations and derivatives thereof) shall mean, when used in connection with a cessation of employment, that Executive has incurred a separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and guidance and regulations issued thereunder (Section 409A). 

8. Obligations of the Employer Upon Termination. 

(a) Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason. If, during the Employment Period, the Employer shall Terminate Executives employment Without Cause or Executive shall Terminate Executives employment for Good Reason, then in consideration of Executives services rendered prior to such Termination;

(i) the Employer shall pay to Executive a lump sum in cash on the 30th day after the Date of Termination equal to the aggregate of the following amounts:

A. the sum of (1) Executives Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, and (2) any accrued vacation, sick and other leave pay, in each case to the extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in clauses (1) and (2) shall be hereinafter referred to as the Accrued Obligations); and

B. an amount equal to the remainder of Executives Base Salary that would have been paid to Executive during the Employment Period but for such Termination;

(ii) if Executive is eligible for and timely and properly elects continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, 29 U.S.C. 1161 et seq. (COBRA), the Employer shall reimburse Executive monthly for the monthly COBRA premium paid by Executive for Executive and Executives dependents for one (1) year following the Date of Termination (the COBRA Reimbursement). If the terms of the applicable plan documents do not allow the Employer to continue to provide COBRA coverage to Executive and Executives dependents beyond the expiration of the statutorily proscribed COBRA period, the Employer shall make monthly cash payments to Executive in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium for coverage for Executive and Executives dependents for the duration of such one (1) year period; provided, however, that the Employers obligations under this item (ii) shall terminate on the date on which Executive enrolls in a group health plan offered by another employer that provides substantially similar coverage; and

(iii) To the extent permissible under the applicable Welfare Benefit Plans, for the number of days remaining in the Employment Period following the date of Termination, the Employer shall pay to Executive monthly an amount equal to the premiums necessary to provide benefits (other than medical and dental benefits covered by the reimbursement provided in Section 8(c)(ii)) necessary to provide benefits to Executive and/or Executives family at least equal to those which would have been provided to them in accordance with the Welfare Benefit Plans if Executives employment had not been Terminated; provided, however, that if Executive becomes employed with another employer and is eligible to receive substantially the same benefits under the other employers plans as Executive would receive under the Welfare Benefit Plans under this item (iii), the Employers obligation to provide such benefits shall terminate on the date Executive enrolls in a plan or plans provided substantially similar coverages. For purposes of determining eligibility and years-of-service credit (but not the time of commencement of benefits) of Executive for retiree benefits pursuant to such Welfare Benefit Plans, Executive shall be considered to have remained employed through the Employment Period and to have 

retired on the last day of such period.

(b) Death. If Executives employment is Terminated by reason of Executives death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executives legal representatives under this Agreement, except that (i) Accrued Obligations shall timely be paid as provided below and (ii) Other Benefits shall be timely paid or provided as described below. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to Executives estate. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 8(b) shall mean, and Executives estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, all benefits under the Employers Welfare Benefit Plans relating to death benefits. Without limiting the foregoing, the Employer shall pay any premium required for any qualified beneficiary of Executive to continue his or her health care coverage in accordance with COBRA for one (1) year following the date of death.

(c) Disability. If Executives employment is Terminated by reason of Executives Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive, except that (i) Accrued Obligations shall be timely paid as provided below and (ii) Other Benefits shall be timely paid or provided as described below. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum in cash on the 30th day after the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 8(c) shall include, without limitation, and Executive shall be entitled after the Date of Termination to receive, (1) all benefits under all Welfare Benefit Plans relating to disability and (2) the COBRA Reimbursement.

(d) Cause; Voluntary Termination. If Executives employment shall be Terminated for Cause or Executive shall effect a Voluntary Termination, in either case during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive, except that (i) the Accrued Obligations shall be paid in a lump sum in cash on the 30th day after the Date of Termination, and (ii) Other Benefits shall be paid or provided in a timely manner, in each case to the extent theretofore unpaid; provided, however, that Executives right to continue to participate in Welfare Benefit Plans shall terminate on the 30th day following the Date of Termination, subject to Executives rights, if any, under COBRA. 

9. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit Executives continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy, or practice provided by the Employer and for which Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Employer. Amounts which are vested benefits or which Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the Employer at or subsequent to a Date of Termination or shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or such contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.

10. Full Settlement. The Employers obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Employer may have against Executive or others. In no event shall Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that Executives right to receive any payment under Section 8(a)(ii) and to receive benefits under Welfare Benefit Plans to the extent that Executive obtains other employment shall be limited as provided in Section 8(a)(ii) or Section 8(a)(iii), as applicable. The Employer agrees to recognize as an indebtedness to Executive and shall pay as incurred all legal fees and expenses which Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any contest (regardless of the outcome thereof) by the Employer, Executive or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by Executive 

about the amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed payment at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code. The expenses eligible for payment under this Section 10 in any year shall not affect any expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other year.

11. Covenants.

(a) Covenant Not to Compete. During the 12 calendar month period following the calendar month in which the Date of Termination of Executives employment for Cause or Executives Voluntary Termination of Executives employment occurs (the Restricted Period), Executive shall not within the geographic areas composed of the circles surrounding the Banks banking offices as of the Termination of Executives employment, with each such circle having the applicable banking office as its center point and a radius of 25 miles (the Territory), Compete with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (the Bank Group); provided, however, that Executives ownership of less than five percent (5%) of the outstanding securities of any entity engaged in the Business that has a class of securities listed on a securities exchange or quoted on any over-the-counter market shall not be a violation of the foregoing. Business shall mean the business of commercial banking and the provision of investment advisory, trust, estate, wealth management and other related financial services to the extent such a service was offered by a member of the Bank Group on the applicable Date of Termination. Compete shall mean to: (A) be engaged or employed by or otherwise assist any Covered Person whose business is competitive with the Employers Business, whether as a sole proprietor, owner, shareholder, officer, director, member, manager, partner, joint venturer, franchiser, franchisee, employee, agent, independent contractor or trustee, or otherwise, in any aspect of the Employers Business that Executive was involved with on behalf of the Employer during any part of the 12 month period immediately prior to the applicable Date of Termination; or (B) develop, produce, market, sell, furnish, offer and/or otherwise provide any Business services, or advise or consult with any person, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other entity regarding the development, production, marketing, selling, furnishing, offering or other provision of such Business services.

(b) Covenant Not to Solicit Customers. During the Restricted Period, within the Territory Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any other natural person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, association, business association, joint venture, mutual organization or similar entity (a Covered Person) (other than a member of the Bank Group) offer to provide any Business services to any person, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other entity who is or was (i) a customer of any member of the Bank Group during any part of the 12 month period immediately prior to the Date of Termination, or (ii) a potential customer to whom any member of the Bank Group offered to provide Business services during any part of the 12 month period immediately prior to the Date of Termination.

(c) Covenant Not to Solicit Employees. During the Restricted Period, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any Covered Person, solicit, recruit or entice, directly or indirectly, any employee of any member of the Bank Group to leave the employment of such member to work with Executive or with any Covered Person with whom Executive is or becomes affiliated or associated.

(d) Reasonableness of Scope and Duration. The parties hereto agree that the covenants and agreements contained in this Section 11 are reasonable in their time, territory and scope, and they intend that they be enforced, and no party shall raise any issue of the reasonableness of the time, territory or scope of any such covenants in any proceeding to enforce any such covenants.

(e) Enforceability. Executive agrees that monetary damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section 12, and that in addition to all 

other rights and remedies available to the Employer, the Employer shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach. Any determination of whether Executive has violated such covenants shall be made by arbitration in Greensboro, North Carolina under the Rules of Commercial Arbitration (the Rules) of the American Arbitration Association, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference herein.

(f) Separate Covenants and Severability. The covenants and agreements contained in this Section 11 shall be construed as separate and independent covenants. Should any part or provision of any such covenant or agreement be held invalid, void or unenforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction, no other part or provision of this Agreement shall be rendered invalid, void or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, no other part or provision of this Agreement shall be rendered invalid, void or unenforceable as a result. If any portion of the foregoing provisions is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction unless modified, it is the intent of the parties that the otherwise invalid or unreasonable term shall be reformed, or a new enforceable term provided, so as to most closely effectuate the provisions as is validly possible.

12. Assignment and Successors.

(a) Executive. This Agreement is personal to Executive and without the prior written consent of the Employer shall not be assignable by Executive otherwise than, to the extent legally permissible, by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executives legal representatives.

(b) The Employer. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Employer and its successors and assigns. The Employer will require any successor to it (whether direct or indirect, by stock or asset purchase, merger, share exchange or otherwise) or acquiring all or substantially all of its business or more than 50% of its assets to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent it would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 

13. Regulatory Intervention. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the obligations of the Employer under this Agreement are subject to the following terms and conditions:

(a) If Executive is suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Employers affairs by a notice served under Section 8(e)(3) or (1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818 (e)(3) and (g)(1)), the Employers obligations hereunder, as applicable, shall be suspended as of the date of service unless stayed by appropriate proceedings. If the charges in the notice are dismissed, all of the Employers obligations which were suspended shall be reinstated.

(b) If Executive is removed and/or permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Employers affairs by an order issued under Section 8(e)(4) or (g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1 818 (e)(4) and (g)(1)), all obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall terminate as of the effective date of the order, but vested rights of the parties shall not be affected.

(c) If the Employer is in default (as defined in Section 3(x)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S. C. 1813 (X)(1)), all obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of default, but any vested rights of Executive shall not be affected.

(d) All obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent determined that continuation of the Agreement is necessary for the continued operation of the Employer, if so ordered by the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks (the Commissioner) or the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or a Federal Reserve Bank (the FRB), at the time the 

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) enters into an agreement to provide assistance to or on behalf of the Bank under the authority contained in Section 13 (c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1823 (c)), or if so ordered by the Commissioner or the FRB, as applicable, at the time the FDIC approves a supervisory merger to resolve problems related to operation of the Employer or when the Employer is determined by the Commissioner or the FRB to be in an unsafe or unsound condition. Any rights of Executive that shall have vested under this Agreement shall not be affected by such action. 

(e) With regard to the provisions of this Section 13(a) through (d):

(i) The Employer shall use its best efforts to oppose any such notice of charges as to which there are reasonable defenses;

(ii) In the event the notice of charges is dismissed or otherwise resolved in manner that will permit the Employer to resume its obligations to pay compensation hereunder, the Employer will promptly make such payment hereunder; and

(iii) During any period of suspension under Section 14(a), the vested rights of Executive shall not be affected except to the extent precluded by such notice.

(f) The Employers obligations to provide compensation or other benefits to Executive under this Agreement shall be terminated or limited to the extent required by the provisions of any final regulation or order of the FDIC promulgated under Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828(k)) limiting or prohibiting any golden parachute payment as defined therein, but only to the extent that the compensation or payments to be provided by the Employer under this Agreement are so prohibited or limited.

14. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges that by virtue of Executives offices with the Employer, Executive has had and will continue to have access to Trade Secrets and Confidential Information and that, accordingly, the provisions set forth in this Section 14 are reasonably necessary to protect the Employers legitimate business interests, do not interfere with public policy or public interest, and are described with sufficient accuracy and definiteness to enable Executive to understand the scope of the restrictions imposed upon Executive.

(a) Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges that: (A) the Employer has and will disclose to Executive certain Trade Secrets and Confidential Information; (B) such Trade Secrets and Confidential Information are the sole and exclusive property of the Employer (or a third party providing such information to the Employer) and the Employer or such third party owns all worldwide rights therein under patent, copyright, trade secret, confidential information, or other property right; and (C) the disclosure of such Trade Secrets and Confidential Information to Executive does not confer upon Executive any license, interest or rights of any kind in or to the Trade Secrets or Confidential Information.

(i) Executive may use the Trade Secrets and Confidential Information only in accordance with applicable policies and procedures of the Employer and solely for the Employers benefit while Executive is employed or otherwise retained by Employer. Except as authorized in the performance of services for the Employer, Executive will hold in confidence and not directly or indirectly, in any form, by any means, or for any purpose, disclose, reproduce, distribute, transmit, or transfer any such Trade Secrets or Confidential Information or any portion thereof. Upon the Employers request, Executive shall return all Trade Secrets and Confidential Information and all related materials.

(ii) Except as otherwise provided in Section 14(e), if Executive is required to disclose any such Trade Secrets or Confidential Information pursuant to a court order or other government 

process or such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law or defend against claims, Executive shall: (i) notify the Employer promptly before any such disclosure is made; (ii) at the Employers request and expense take all reasonably necessary steps to defend against such disclosure, including defending against the enforcement of the court order, other government process or claims; and (iii) permit the Employer to participate with counsel of its choice in any proceeding relating to any such court order, other government process or claims.

(iii) Executives obligations with regard to Trade Secrets shall remain in effect for as long as such information shall remain a trade secret under applicable law.

(iv) Executives obligations with regard to Confidential Information shall remain in effect while Executive is employed or otherwise retained by the Employer and for 10 years thereafter.

(v) As used in this Agreement, Trade Secrets means information of the Employer or the Employers suppliers, customers or prospective customers, including, but not limited to, data, formulas, patterns, compilations, programs, devices, methods, techniques, processes, financial data, financial plans, product plans or lists of actual or potential customers or suppliers, which: (1) derives independent actual or potential commercial value, from not being generally known to or readily ascertainable through independent development by persons or entities who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (2) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.

(vi) As used in this Agreement, Confidential Information means information other than Trade Secrets, that is of value to its owner and is treated as confidential, including, but not limited to, future business plans, marketing campaigns, and information regarding employees; provided, however, Confidential Information shall not include information which is in the public domain or becomes public knowledge through no fault of Executive.

(b) Employer Property. Upon the Termination of Executives employment, Executive shall: (i) deliver to the Employer all records, memoranda, data, documents and other property of any description which refer or relate in any way to Trade Secrets or Confidential Information, including all copies thereof, which are in Executives possession, custody or control; (ii) deliver to the Employer all property of the Employer (including, but not limited to, keys, credit cards, customer files, contracts, proposals, work in process, manuals, forms, computer-stored work in process and other computer data, research materials, other items of business information concerning any customer, or business or business methods of the Employer, including all copies thereof) which is in Executives possession, custody or control; (iii) bring all such records, files and other materials up to date before returning them; and (iv) fully cooperate with the Employer in winding up Executives work and transferring that work to other individuals designated by the Employer.

(c) Remedies. Executive acknowledges that Executives failure to abide by the provisions of this Section 14 would cause irreparable harm to the Employer for which legal remedies would be inadequate. Therefore, in addition to any legal or other relief to which the Employer may be entitled by virtue of Executives failure to abide by these provisions; the Employer may seek legal and equitable relief, including, but not limited to, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, for Executives actual or threatened failure to abide by these provisions without the necessity of posting any bond, and Executive will indemnify the Employer for all expenses, including attorneys fees, in seeking to enforce these provisions.

(d) Other Agreements. Nothing in this Agreement shall terminate, revoke or diminish Executives obligations or the Employers rights and remedies under law or any agreements relating to 

trade secrets, confidential information, non-competition and intellectual property which Executive has executed in the past, or may execute in the future or contemporaneously with this Agreement.

(e) Permitted Disclosures. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent, interfere with or restrict Executives ability to make disclosures, reports or complaints as authorized, permitted or required by federal or state law, including without limitation pursuant to the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act) or by regulations, rules or orders issued by federal or state regulatory agencies, including without limitation, the Commissioner, the FDIC, the FRB, the U.S. Treasury, or the Securities and Exchange Commission, provided the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation, rules or order. Further, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent, impede or interfere (nor shall it be construed to prevent, impede or interfere) with (i) Executives obligation to provide full, complete and truthful testimony when so required in response to a subpoena or order from a court or government agency; (ii) Executives right to report (including pursuant to whistleblower laws) possible violations of federal, state or local law or other improper actions/omissions to government agencies, to file a charge or complaint of discrimination, harassment or retaliation with government agency; or (iii) Executives right to make confidential disclosures of information (including trade secrets) to a government agency, or to an attorney who is advising Executive, for the purpose of reporting or as part of an investigation into a suspected violation of law, nor shall it prohibit Executive from filing a lawsuit, complaint or other document that contains a trade secret, so long as the information containing the trade secret is filed under seal and is not otherwise disclosed except pursuant to court order. Executive understands that Executives rights when making such protected disclosures are more fully described in 18 USC 1833, as amended, and include immunity from criminal and civil liability from making protected disclosures of trade secrets under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016. Finally, nothing in this Agreement authorizes the Employer to terminate Executives employment or otherwise retaliate against Executive for engaging in any of the foregoing activities.

15. Certain Payments Delayed for a Specified Employee. If Executive is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A, then any payment(s) under this Agreement on account of a separation from service as defined in Section 409A shall be made and/or shall begin on the first day of the seventh (7th) month following the date of Executives Termination to the extent such payments are not exempt from Section 409A and the six (6) month delay in payment is required by Section 409A.

16. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Mitigation. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise and, except as provided in Sections 8(a)(ii) or Section 8(a)(iii), as applicable, no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to Executive in any subsequent employment.

(b) Waiver. Failure of a party hereto to insist, in one or more instances, on performance by the other in strict accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right granted in this Agreement or of the future performance of any such term or condition or of any other term or condition of this Agreement, unless such waiver is contained in a writing signed by the party making the waiver.

(c) Severability. If any provision or covenant, or any part thereof, of this Agreement should be held by any court to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, either in whole or in part, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality enforceability of the remaining provisions or covenants, or any part thereof, of this Agreement, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

(d) Other Agents. Nothing in this Agreement is to be interpreted as limiting the Employer from employing other personnel on such terms and conditions as may be satisfactory to it.

(e) Entire Agreement. Except as provided herein, this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Employer and Executive, with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and invalidates any previous employment and severance agreements or contracts with Executive. No representations, inducements, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, which are not embodied herein, shall be of any force or effect.

(f) Compliance with Section 409A. It is intended that this Agreement shall conform with all applicable Section 409A requirements to the extent Section 409A applies to any provisions of the Agreement. Accordingly, in interpreting, construing or applying any provisions of the Agreement, the same shall be construed in such manner as shall meet and comply with Section 409A, and in the event of any inconsistency with Section 409A, the same shall be reformed so as to meet the requirements of Section 409A. None of the payments under this Agreement are intended to result in the inclusion in Executives federal gross income on account of a failure under Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code. Accordingly, in interpreting, construing or applying any provisions of the Agreement, the same shall be construed in such manner as shall meet and comply with Section 409A, and in the event of any inconsistency with Section 409A, the same shall be reformed so as to meet the requirements of Section 409A. Any payments made under Section 8 of this Agreement which are paid on or before the last day of the applicable period for the short-term deferral exclusion under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) are intended to be excluded under such short-term deferral exclusion. Any remaining payments under Section 8 are intended to qualify for the exclusion for separation pay plans under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9). Each payment made under Sections 8 and 9 shall be treated as a separate payment, as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-2(b)(2), for purposes of Code Section 409A. Executive acknowledges that the Employer has not made any representation or warranty regarding the treatment of this Agreement or the benefits payable under this Agreement under federal, state or local income tax laws, including but not limited to Section 409A.

(g) Recoupment of Excessive or Improper Compensation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive agrees that any compensation or benefits provided to Executive under this Agreement that are subject to recovery or recoupment pursuant to (i) the Dodd-Frank Act and any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder, (ii) 12 C.F.R. Part 30 or any regulation promulgated thereunder by the Employers primary federal regulatory body, (iii) any other law or regulation, or (iv) any internal policy of the Employer adopted or ratified by the Bank Board shall be recouped by the Employer as necessary to satisfy such law, regulation, rule or policy. Executive agrees to return or repay any such compensation or benefit, and authorizes the Employer to deduct such compensation or the cost of such benefit from any other payments due to Executive if Executive fails to make such return or repayment. With regard to the foregoing provisions of this Section 16(g), the Employer and Executive agree that the Excess Incentive-Based Recovery Policy adopted by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and ratified by such Board, dated June 27, 2023, and all amendments thereto thereafter adopted by such Audit Committee, shall be applicable to all existing and future Incentive-Based Compensation Awards (as such term is defined in the Policy) awarded to Executive. Executive agrees to promptly perform and comply with all recovery actions taken by the Audit Committee, or by the Company at the direction of the Audit Committee, pursuant to the Policy.

(h) Governing Law. Except to the extent preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of North Carolina shall govern this Agreement in all respects, whether as to its validity, construction, capacity, performance or otherwise.

(i) Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered or seven 

(7) days after mailing if mailed, first class, certified mail, postage prepaid:

To the Employer:

First Bank

300 SW Broad Street

Southern Pines, NC 28387

Attention: Chair of the Board of Directors

To Executive, at Executives address shown on the signature page hereof.

Any party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be delivered or mailed by giving notice thereof to the other party in the same manner provided herein.

(j) Amendments and Modifications. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a writing signed by all parties hereto, which makes specific reference to this Agreement; provided, that no amendment or modification to this Agreement shall be adopted unless it complies with Section 409A to the extent Section 409A applies to this Agreement and/or to the amendment or modification.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Amended and Restated Employment Agreement as of the Effective Date.

FIRST BANCORP

By:_______________________________________

Richard H. Moore, CEO of the Company and Chair of the Board of Directors

FIRST BANK

By:_______________________________________

Richard H. Moore, Chair of the Board of

Directors

EXECUTIVE:

__________________________________________

Signature

Street

City and State
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.U
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit10uemploymentagreem.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.U
<TEXT>
Document

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered as of the Effective Date by and among First Bancorp (the Company) and First Bank (the Bank and collectively with the Company, the Employer) and Christian A. Wilson (Executive). 

BACKGROUND

WHEREAS, the expertise and experience of Executive and Executives relationships and reputation in the financial institutions industry are extremely valuable to the Employer; and

WHEREAS, it is in the best interests of the Employer to employ and retain experienced executive officers to further the Employers efficient and profitable operations in order to enhance the value of its shareholders investments; and

WHEREAS, the Employer desires to provide substantial benefits to Executive to which Executive would not be otherwise entitled and to obtain from Executive covenants protecting the Employers customer relationships, confidential information and trade secrets, and Executive desires to obtain such benefits and is willing to enter into such covenants.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Effective Date. The effective time and date of this Agreement shall be deemed to be 12:00:01 oclock, a.m., on February 7, 2025 (the Effective Date).

2. Definitions. The following defined terms are defined in the referenced Sections of this Agreement.

TermSection

Accrued Obligations Section 8(a)(i)(A)

ADA Act Section 7(a)

Base Salary Section 6(a)

Bank Group Section 12(a)

Benefit Plans Section 6(c)

Business Section 12(a)

Cause Section 7(b)

CEO Section 3

Change of Control Section 9(b)

Change of Control Termination Section 9(a)

Change of Control Termination Date Section 9(a)

COBRA Section 8(a)(ii)

COBRA Reimbursement Section 8(a)(ii)

Code Section 7(h)

Compete Section 12(a)

Continuing Period Section 9(c)(ii)

Commissioner Section 14(d)

Confidential Information Section 15(a)(vi)

Covered Person Section 12(b)

Date of Termination Section 7(g)

Disability Section 7(a)

Disability Effective Date Section 7(a)

Dodd-Frank Act Section 15(e)

Effective Date Section 1

Employment Period Section 4

FDIC Section 14(d)

FRB Section 14(d)

Good Reason Section 7(d)

Group Section 9(b)(i)

Notice of Termination Section 7(f)

Other Benefits Section 8(b)

Person Section 9(b)(i)

Rules Section 12(e)

Restricted Period Section 12(a)

Section 409A Section 7(h)

Severance Payment Section 8(a)(i)(B)

Terminate Section 7(h)

Termination Without Cause Section 7(c)

Territory Section 12(a)

Trade Secrets Section 15(a)(v)

Voluntary Termination Section 7(e)

Welfare Benefit Plans Section 6(d)

3. Employment. Executive is employed as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and the Bank. Executives responsibilities, duties, prerogatives and authority in such offices, and the clerical, administrative and other support staff and office facilities provided to Executive, shall be those customary for persons holding such offices with institutions that are a part of the financial institutions industry. Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer the Bank (the CEO).

4. Employment Period. Unless earlier Terminated in accordance with Sections 7 or 9 hereof, the term of this Agreement and Executives employment hereunder shall begin as of the Effective Date and shall end on the first (1st) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, that on the first and each succeeding anniversary of the Effective Date Executives period of employment hereunder shall be extended for one (1) year unless at least 90 days prior to an anniversary of the Effective Date either the Employer or Executive shall give written notice of non-extension to the other (the Employment Period). 

5. Extent of Service. During the Employment Period, and excluding any periods of vacation, sick or other leave to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement, Executive agrees to provide Executives full business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Employer and, to the extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to Executive hereunder, to use Executives reasonable best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently Executives responsibilities and duties under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or should be construed as prohibiting Executive from engaging in charitable, trade association, professional licensing, professional continuing education, or civic activities or from managing Executives personal investments or affairs.

6. Compensation and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Period, the Employer will pay to Executive a base salary of at least $425,000 (as increased pursuant to this Agreement, the Base Salary), less normal withholdings, payable in equal monthly or more frequent installments as are customary under the Banks payroll practices from time to time. In accordance with the policies and procedures of the Board of 

Directors of the Bank, the Employer shall review Executives total compensation at least annually and in its sole discretion may increase, but may not decrease, Executives Base Salary and total compensation from year to year. The annual review of Executives total compensation will consider, among other things, changes in the cost of living, Executives own performance and the performance of the Company and the Bank. 

(b) Incentive Plans. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled (i) to participate in all annual incentive plans of the Employer and any successor or substitute plans and (ii) to participate in all long-term incentive plans of the Employer and any successor or substitute plans. 

(c) Savings and Retirement Plans. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all of the Employers savings, pension and retirement plans, practices and policies (the Benefit Plans). 

(d) Welfare Benefit Plans. During the Employment Period, Executive and/or Executives family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for participation in and shall receive all benefits under all welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Employer (including, without limitation, medical, hospitalization, prescription, dental, cancer, employee life, group life, accidental death and dismemberment, and travel accident insurance plans and programs) (Welfare Benefit Plans) to the extent applicable to its employees generally.

(e) Expenses. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in accordance with the policies, practices and procedures of the Bank to the extent applicable to its employees generally. The expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Section 6(e) in any year shall not affect any expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other year. Executives rights under this Section 6(e) are not subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit.

(f) Fringe and Similar Benefits. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits in accordance with the plans, practices, programs and policies of the Employer applicable to its employees generally. 

(g) Disability, Sick and Other Leave. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to those number of business days of paid disability, sick and other leave specified in the employment policies of the Bank. Business days on which Executive is attending professional continuing education shall not constitute days of disability, sick or other leave, but shall be deemed business days on which Executive is fulfilling Executives duties and responsibilities.

7. Termination of Employment Other Than In Connection With A Change Of Control.

(a) Death or Disability. Executives employment with the Employer shall Terminate automatically upon Executives death during the Employment Period. If the Employer determines in good faith that the Disability of Executive has occurred during the Employment Period, it may give to Executive written notice in accordance with Sections 7(e) and 17(i) of this Agreement of its intention to Terminate Executives employment. In such event, Executives employment with the Employer shall Terminate effective on the 60th day after receipt of such written notice by Executive (the Disability Effective Date), provided that, within the 30 days after such receipt, Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of Executives duties. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean Executives inability to perform the essential functions of Executives employment due to illness, injury or mental or physical impairment, which inability cannot be remedied by any reasonable accommodation the Employer may be required to provide Executive under the Americans With Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 1210 et seq. (the ADA Act), on a full-time basis for 90 consecutive business days or a total of 180 non-

consecutive business days in a single 12 month period, subject to (i) the Employers obligations, and Executives rights, under (A) the ADA Act, and (B) the Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U. S.C. 2601 et seq. (and the regulations promulgated under the foregoing Acts), and (ii) the exclusion from such business day calculation of any business days which Executive is permitted to be absent under the disability, sick or other leave policies of the Bank as provided in Section 6(g).

(b) Cause. The Employer may Terminate Executives employment with the Employer for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean:

(i) the continued failure of Executive to perform substantially Executives duties with the Employer, other than any such failure resulting from Disability, after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to Executive by the CEO which specifically identifies the manner in which the CEO believes that Executive has not substantially performed Executives duties; provided, that Executive shall have 30 days from the receipt of such written demand to cure such continued failure to substantially perform Executives duties;

(ii) the willful engaging by Executive in illegal conduct (other than misdemeanor traffic and similar violations) or gross misconduct; 

(iii) a willful and material act of personal dishonesty;

(iv) continued insubordination with respect to directives of the CEO after receipt of a written warning from the CEO with respect thereto; or

(v) a willful act by Executive which constitutes a material breach of Executives fiduciary duty to the Employer. 

(c) Without Cause. The Employer may Terminate Executives employment without Cause (Termination Without Cause).

(d) Good Reason. Executive may Terminate Executives employment with the Employer for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean: (i) a change in the executive offices of the Employer assigned to Executive pursuant to this Agreement; (ii) a material diminution in Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities specified in Section 3; (iii) a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement (it being agreed that Executive shall maintain Executives offices in Greensboro, North Carolina); and (iv) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Employer of this Agreement; provided, however, that Executive must provide notice to the Employer of the condition Executive contends is Good Reason within 30 days of the initial existence of the condition, and the Employer must have a period of at least 30 days to remedy the condition. If the condition is not remedied, Executive must provide a Notice of Termination as set forth in Sections 7(f) and 17(i) within 30 days of the end of the Employers remedy period. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7(d) to the contrary, no event shall constitute Good Reason unless such event would qualify as good reason under Section 409A.

(e) Retirement or Resignation. Executive may voluntarily retire or resign upon giving notice as required in Sections 7(f) and 17(i) of this Agreement and thereby Terminate Executives employment with the Employer (a Voluntary Termination).

(f) Notice of Termination. Any Termination (other than for death) shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination given in accordance with Section 17(i) of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) indicates the 

specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executives employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the Date of Termination (which date shall be not more than 30 days after the giving of such Notice of Termination except as otherwise provided in Section 7(a) or Section 7(d)). The failure to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Disability, Cause, or Good Reason shall not waive any right of Executive or the Employer hereunder or preclude Executive or the Employer from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing Executives or the Employers rights hereunder.

(g) Date of Termination. Date of Termination means (i) if Executives employment is Terminated by the Employer for Cause or Terminated Without Cause, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date specified therein, as the case may be, (ii) if Executives employment is Terminated by a Voluntary Termination, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination, and (iii) if Executives employment is Terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be.

(h) For purposes of this Agreement, Terminate (and variations and derivatives thereof) shall mean, when used in connection with a cessation of employment, that Executive has incurred a separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and guidance and regulations issued thereunder (Section 409A). 

8. Obligations of the Employer Upon Termination (Other Than In Connection With A Change Of Control). The provisions of this Section 8 apply only to Terminations that are not in connection with a Change of Control.

(a) Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason. If, during the Employment Period, the Employer shall Terminate Executives employment Without Cause or Executive shall Terminate Executives employment for Good Reason, then in consideration of Executives services rendered prior to such Termination;

(i) the Employer shall pay to Executive a lump sum in cash on the 30th day after the Date of Termination equal to the aggregate of the following amounts:

A. the sum of (1) Executives Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, and (2) any accrued vacation, sick and other leave pay, in each case to the extent not theretofore paid (the sum of the amounts described in clauses (1) and (2) shall be hereinafter referred to as the Accrued Obligations); and

B. the amount equal one (1) times Executives then existing Base Salary (the Severance Payment);

(ii) if Executive is eligible for and timely and properly elects continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, 29 U.S.C. 1161 et seq. (COBRA), the Employer shall reimburse Executive monthly for the monthly COBRA premium paid by Executive for Executive and Executives dependents for one (1) year following the Date of Termination (the COBRA Reimbursement). If the terms of the applicable plan documents do not allow the Employer to continue to provide COBRA coverage to Executive and Executives dependents beyond the expiration of the statutorily proscribed COBRA period, the Employer shall make monthly cash payments to Executive in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium for coverage for Executive and Executives dependents for the duration of such one (1) year period; provided, however, that the Employers obligations under this item (ii) shall terminate on the date on which Executive enrolls in a group health plan offered by another employer that provides substantially similar coverage.

(b) Death. If Executives employment is Terminated by reason of Executives death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executives legal representatives under this Agreement, except that (i) Accrued Obligations shall timely be paid as provided below and (ii) Other Benefits shall be timely paid or provided as described below. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to Executives estate. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 8(b) shall mean, and Executives estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, all benefits under the Employers Welfare Benefit Plans relating to death benefits. Without limiting the foregoing, the Employer shall pay any premium required for any qualified beneficiary of Executive to continue his or her health care coverage in accordance with COBRA for one (1) year following the date of death.

(c) Disability. If Executives employment is Terminated by reason of Executives Disability during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive, except that (i) Accrued Obligations shall be timely paid as provided below and (ii) Other Benefits shall be timely paid or provided as described below. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum in cash on the 30th day after the Date of Termination. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this Section 8(c) shall include, without limitation, and Executive shall be entitled after the Date of Termination to receive, (1) all benefits under all Welfare Benefit Plans relating to disability and (2) the COBRA Reimbursement.

(d) Cause; Voluntary Termination. If Executives employment shall be Terminated for Cause or Executive shall effect a Voluntary Termination, in either case during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive, except that (i) the Accrued Obligations shall be paid in a lump sum in cash on the 30th day after the Date of Termination, and (ii) Other Benefits shall be paid or provided in a timely manner, in each case to the extent theretofore unpaid; provided, however, that Executives right to continue to participate in Welfare Benefit Plans shall terminate on the 30th day following the Date of Termination, subject to Executives rights, if any, under COBRA. 

9. Termination In Connection With a Change of Control.

(a) Change of Control Termination. In the event that, at the time of or within one (1) year after a Change of Control, and during the Employment Period, Executives employment is Terminated Without Cause by the Employer or Executive Terminates Executives employment for Good Reason (a Change of Control Termination), Executive shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits specified in this Section 9. The date on which Executive gives or receives, as applicable, notice in accordance with Section 17(i) of a Change of Control Termination shall be deemed the Change of Control Termination Date.

(b) Definition of Change of Control. For purposes of this Agreement, Change of Control shall mean (i) a Change in Effective Control; (ii) a Change of Asset Ownership; or (iii) a Change of Ownership; in each case, as defined herein and as further defined and interpreted in Section 409A.

(i) Change in Effective Control shall mean the date either (A) a Person or Group (each as defined in or pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) acquires (or has acquired during the preceding 12 months) ownership of stock of the Company or the Bank possessing 30% or more of the total voting power of the outstanding stock of the Company or the Bank, as applicable, or (B) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company is replaced during any 12 month period by directors whose election is not endorsed by a majority of the 

members of such Board prior to such election.

(ii) Change of Asset Ownership shall mean the date a Person or Group acquires (or has acquired during the preceding 12 months) assets from the Employer that have a total gross fair market value that is equal to or exceeds 40% of the total gross fair market value of all the Companys assets immediately prior to such acquisition. 

(iii) Change of Ownership shall mean the date a Person or Group acquires ownership of stock of the Company that, together with stock previously held, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the outstanding stock of the Company; provided that such Person or Group did not previously own 50% or more of the value or voting power of the outstanding stock of the Company. 

(c) Change of Control Payments and Benefits. Upon a Change Of Control Termination:

(i) The Employer shall pay to Executive in a lump sum in cash on the 30th day after the date of the Change of Control Termination Date the aggregate of the following amounts:

(A) the sum of the Accrued Obligations; and

(B) two point ninety-nine (2.99) times Executives then Base Salary; and

(C) provided, however, that if during the Restricted Period, Executive is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have breached the provisions of Section 12 or Section 15, no payments shall be due under item (B) above following the date of such finding and any such payment previously made shall be repaid by Executive;

(ii) if Executive is eligible for and timely and properly elects continuation coverage under COBRA, the Employer shall reimburse the Executive monthly for the monthly COBRA premium paid by Executive for Executive and Executives dependents for a period of one (1) year after the Change in Control Termination Date. If the terms of the applicable plan documents do not allow the Employer to continue to provide COBRA coverage to Executive and Executives dependents beyond the expiration of the statutorily proscribed COBRA period, the Employer shall make monthly cash payments to Executive in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium for coverage for Executive and Executives dependents for the duration of such one (1) year period; provided, however, that the Employers obligations under this item (ii) shall terminate on the date on which Executive enrolls in a group health plan offered by another employer that provides substantially similar coverage; 

(iii) To the extent permissible under the applicable Welfare Benefit Plans, for the number of days remaining in the Employment Period from and after the Change of Control Termination Date (the Continuing Period), the Employer shall pay to Executive monthly an amount equal to the premiums necessary to provide benefits (other than medical and dental benefits covered by the reimbursement provided in Section 9(c)(ii)) necessary to provide benefits to Executive and/or Executives family at least equal to those which would have been provided to them in accordance with the Welfare Benefit Plans if Executives employment had not been Terminated; provided, however, that if Executive becomes employed with another employer and is eligible to receive substantially the same benefits under the other employers plans as Executive would receive under the Welfare Benefit Plans under this item (iii), the Employers obligation to provide such benefits shall terminate on the date Executive enrolls in a plan or plans provided substantially similar coverages. For purposes of determining eligibility and years-of-service credit (but not the time of commencement of benefits) of Executive for retiree benefits pursuant to such Welfare Benefit Plans, Executive shall be considered to have remained employed through the 

Continuing Period and to have retired on the last day of such period.

10. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit Executives continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy, or practice provided by the Employer and for which Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Employer. Amounts which are vested benefits or which Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the Employer at or subsequent to a Date of Termination or Change of Control Termination Date shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or such contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this Agreement.

11. Full Settlement. The Employers obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Employer may have against Executive or others. In no event shall Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that Executives right to receive any payment under Section 8(a)(ii) or Section 9(c)(ii) or (iii), as applicable, and to receive benefits under Welfare Benefit Plans to the extent that Executive obtains other employment shall be limited as provided in Section 8(a)(ii) or Section 9(c)(ii) or (iii), as applicable. The Employer agrees to recognize as an indebtedness to Executive and shall pay as incurred all legal fees and expenses which Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any contest (regardless of the outcome thereof) by the Employer, Executive or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by Executive about the amount of any payment pursuant to this Agreement), plus in each case interest on any delayed payment at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code. The expenses eligible for payment under this Section 11 in any year shall not affect any expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other year.

12. Covenants.

(a) Covenant Not to Compete. Beginning on the Date of Termination or Change of Control Termination Date, the Termination of Executives employment for Cause, Executives Voluntary Termination of Executives employment or a Change of Control Termination occurs, and for the 12 calendar months following the calendar month in which such beginning date occurs (the Restricted Period), Executive shall not within the State of North Carolina (the Territory), Compete with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (the Bank Group); provided, however, that Executives ownership of less than five percent (5%) of the outstanding securities of any entity engaged in the Business that has a class of securities listed on a securities exchange or quoted on any over-the-counter market shall not be a violation of the foregoing. Business shall mean the business of commercial banking and the provision of investment advisory, trust, estate, wealth management and other related financial services to the extent such a service was offered by a member of the Bank Group on the applicable Date of Termination or Change of Control Termination Date. Compete shall mean to: (A) be engaged or employed by or otherwise assist any Covered Person whose business is competitive with the Employers Business, whether as a sole proprietor, owner, shareholder, officer, director, member, manager, partner, joint venturer, franchiser, franchisee, employee, agent, independent contractor or trustee, or otherwise, in any aspect of the Employers Business over which Executive exercised direct executive oversight and management in the offices of Executive specified in Section 3 during any part of the 12 month period immediately prior to the applicable Date of Termination or Change of Control Termination Date; or (B) develop, produce, market, sell, furnish, offer and/or otherwise provide any Business services, or advise or consult with any person, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other entity regarding the development, production, marketing, selling, furnishing, offering or other provision of such Business services.

(b) Covenant Not to Solicit Customers. During the Restricted Period, within the Territory Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any other natural person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, association, business association, joint venture, mutual organization or similar entity (a Covered Person) (other than a member of the Bank Group) offer to provide any Business services to any person, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other entity who is or was (i) a customer of any member of the Bank Group during any part of the 12 month period immediately prior to the Date of Termination or Change of Control Termination Date, as applicable, or (ii) a potential customer to whom any member of the Bank Group offered to provide Business services during any part of the 12 month period immediately prior to the Date of Termination or Change of Control Termination Date, as applicable.

(c) Covenant Not to Solicit Employees. During the Restricted Period, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any Covered Person, solicit, recruit or entice, directly or indirectly, any employee of any member of the Bank Group to leave the employment of such member to work with Executive or with any Covered Person with whom Executive is or becomes affiliated or associated.

(d) Reasonableness of Scope and Duration. The parties hereto agree that the covenants and agreements contained in this Section 12 are reasonable in their time, territory and scope, and they intend that they be enforced, and no party shall raise any issue of the reasonableness of the time, territory or scope of any such covenants in any proceeding to enforce any such covenants.

(e) Enforceability. Executive agrees that monetary damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section 12, and that in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Employer, the Employer shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach. Any determination of whether Executive has violated such covenants shall be made by arbitration in Greensboro, North Carolina under the Rules of Commercial Arbitration (the Rules) of the American Arbitration Association, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference herein.

(f) Separate Covenants and Severability. The covenants and agreements contained in this Section 12 shall be construed as separate and independent covenants. Should any part or provision of any such covenant or agreement be held invalid, void or unenforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction, no other part or provision of this Agreement shall be rendered invalid, void or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, no other part or provision of this Agreement shall be rendered invalid, void or unenforceable as a result. If any portion of the foregoing provisions is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction unless modified, it is the intent of the parties that the otherwise invalid or unreasonable term shall be reformed, or a new enforceable term provided, so as to most closely effectuate the provisions as is validly possible.

13. Assignment and Successors.

(a) Executive. This Agreement is personal to Executive and without the prior written consent of the Employer shall not be assignable by Executive otherwise than, to the extent legally permissible, by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executives legal representatives.

(b) The Employer. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Employer and its successors and assigns. The Employer will require any successor to it (whether direct or indirect, by stock or asset purchase, merger, share exchange or otherwise) or acquiring all or substantially all of its business or more than 50% of its assets to assume expressly and agree to perform 

this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent it would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 

14. Regulatory Intervention. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the obligations of the Employer under this Agreement are subject to the following terms and conditions:

(a) If Executive is suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Employers affairs by a notice served under Section 8(e)(3) or (1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818 (e)(3) and (g)(1)), the Employers obligations hereunder, as applicable, shall be suspended as of the date of service unless stayed by appropriate proceedings. If the charges in the notice are dismissed, all of the Employers obligations which were suspended shall be reinstated.

(b) If Executive is removed and/or permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Employers affairs by an order issued under Section 8(e)(4) or (g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1 818 (e)(4) and (g)(1)), all obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall terminate as of the effective date of the order, but vested rights of the parties shall not be affected.

(c) If the Employer is in default (as defined in Section 3(x)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S. C. 1813 (X)(1)), all obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of default, but any vested rights of Executive shall not be affected.

(d) All obligations of the Employer under this Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent determined that continuation of the Agreement is necessary for the continued operation of the Employer, if so ordered by the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks (the Commissioner) or the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or a Federal Reserve Bank (the FRB), at the time the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) enters into an agreement to provide assistance to or on behalf of the Bank under the authority contained in Section 13 (c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1823 (c)), or if so ordered by the Commissioner or the FRB, as applicable, at the time the FDIC approves a supervisory merger to resolve problems related to operation of the Employer or when the Employer is determined by the Commissioner or the FRB to be in an unsafe or unsound condition. Any rights of Executive that shall have vested under this Agreement shall not be affected by such action. 

(e) With regard to the provisions of this Section 14(a) through (d):

(i) The Employer shall use its best efforts to oppose any such notice of charges as to which there are reasonable defenses;

(ii) In the event the notice of charges is dismissed or otherwise resolved in manner that will permit the Employer to resume its obligations to pay compensation hereunder, the Employer will promptly make such payment hereunder; and

(iii) During any period of suspension under Section 14(a), the vested rights of Executive shall not be affected except to the extent precluded by such notice.

(f) The Employers obligations to provide compensation or other benefits to Executive under this Agreement shall be terminated or limited to the extent required by the provisions of any final regulation or order of the FDIC promulgated under Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1828(k)) limiting or prohibiting any golden parachute payment as defined therein, but only to the extent that the compensation or payments to be provided by the Employer under this Agreement are so prohibited or limited.

15. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges that by virtue of 

Executives offices with the Employer, Executive has had and will continue to have access to Trade Secrets and Confidential Information and that, accordingly, the provisions set forth in this Section 15 are reasonably necessary to protect the Employers legitimate business interests, do not interfere with public policy or public interest, and are described with sufficient accuracy and definiteness to enable Executive to understand the scope of the restrictions imposed upon Executive.

(a) Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. Executive acknowledges that: (A) the Employer has and will disclose to Executive certain Trade Secrets and Confidential Information; (B) such Trade Secrets and Confidential Information are the sole and exclusive property of the Employer (or a third party providing such information to the Employer) and the Employer or such third party owns all worldwide rights therein under patent, copyright, trade secret, confidential information, or other property right; and (C) the disclosure of such Trade Secrets and Confidential Information to Executive does not confer upon Executive any license, interest or rights of any kind in or to the Trade Secrets or Confidential Information.

(i) Executive may use the Trade Secrets and Confidential Information only in accordance with applicable policies and procedures of the Employer and solely for the Employers benefit while Executive is employed or otherwise retained by Employer. Except as authorized in the performance of services for the Employer, Executive will hold in confidence and not directly or indirectly, in any form, by any means, or for any purpose, disclose, reproduce, distribute, transmit, or transfer any such Trade Secrets or Confidential Information or any portion thereof. Upon the Employers request, Executive shall return all Trade Secrets and Confidential Information and all related materials.

(ii) Except as otherwise provided in Section 15(e), if Executive is required to disclose any such Trade Secrets or Confidential Information pursuant to a court order or other government process or such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law or defend against claims, Executive shall: (i) notify the Employer promptly before any such disclosure is made; (ii) at the Employers request and expense take all reasonably necessary steps to defend against such disclosure, including defending against the enforcement of the court order, other government process or claims; and (iii) permit the Employer to participate with counsel of its choice in any proceeding relating to any such court order, other government process or claims.

(iii) Executives obligations with regard to Trade Secrets shall remain in effect for as long as such information shall remain a trade secret under applicable law.

(iv) Executives obligations with regard to Confidential Information shall remain in effect while Executive is employed or otherwise retained by the Employer and for 10 years thereafter.

(v) As used in this Agreement, Trade Secrets means information of the Employer or the Employers suppliers, customers or prospective customers, including, but not limited to, data, formulas, patterns, compilations, programs, devices, methods, techniques, processes, financial data, financial plans, product plans or lists of actual or potential customers or suppliers, which: (1) derives independent actual or potential commercial value, from not being generally known to or readily ascertainable through independent development by persons or entities who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (2) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.

(vi) As used in this Agreement, Confidential Information means information other than Trade Secrets, that is of value to its owner and is treated as confidential, including, but not limited to, future business plans, marketing campaigns, and information regarding employees; provided, however, Confidential Information shall not include information which is in the public domain or becomes 

public knowledge through no fault of Executive.

(b) Employer Property. Upon the Termination of Executives employment, Executive shall: (i) deliver to the Employer all records, memoranda, data, documents and other property of any description which refer or relate in any way to Trade Secrets or Confidential Information, including all copies thereof, which are in Executives possession, custody or control; (ii) deliver to the Employer all property of the Employer (including, but not limited to, keys, credit cards, customer files, contracts, proposals, work in process, manuals, forms, computer-stored work in process and other computer data, research materials, other items of business information concerning any customer, or business or business methods of the Employer, including all copies thereof) which is in Executives possession, custody or control; (iii) bring all such records, files and other materials up to date before returning them; and (iv) fully cooperate with the Employer in winding up Executives work and transferring that work to other individuals designated by the Employer.

(c) Remedies. Executive acknowledges that Executives failure to abide by the provisions of this Section 15 would cause irreparable harm to the Employer for which legal remedies would be inadequate. Therefore, in addition to any legal or other relief to which the Employer may be entitled by virtue of Executives failure to abide by these provisions; the Employer may seek legal and equitable relief, including, but not limited to, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief, for Executives actual or threatened failure to abide by these provisions without the necessity of posting any bond, and Executive will indemnify the Employer for all expenses, including attorneys fees, in seeking to enforce these provisions.

(d) Other Agreements. Nothing in this Agreement shall terminate, revoke or diminish Executives obligations or the Employers rights and remedies under law or any agreements relating to trade secrets, confidential information, non-competition and intellectual property which Executive has executed in the past, or may execute in the future or contemporaneously with this Agreement.

(e) Permitted Disclosures. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent, interfere with or restrict Executives ability to make disclosures, reports or complaints as authorized, permitted or required by federal or state law, including without limitation pursuant to the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act) or by regulations, rules or orders issued by federal or state regulatory agencies, including without limitation, the Commissioner, the FDIC, the FRB, the U.S. Treasury, or the Securities and Exchange Commission, provided the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation, rules or order. Further, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent, impede or interfere (nor shall it be construed to prevent, impede or interfere) with (i) Executives obligation to provide full, complete and truthful testimony when so required in response to a subpoena or order from a court or government agency; (ii) Executives right to report (including pursuant to whistleblower laws) possible violations of federal, state or local law or other improper actions/omissions to government agencies, to file a charge or complaint of discrimination, harassment or retaliation with government agency; or (iii) Executives right to make confidential disclosures of information (including trade secrets) to a government agency, or to an attorney who is advising Executive, for the purpose of reporting or as part of an investigation into a suspected violation of law, nor shall it prohibit Executive from filing a lawsuit, complaint or other document that contains a trade secret, so long as the information containing the trade secret is filed under seal and is not otherwise disclosed except pursuant to court order. Executive understands that Executives rights when making such protected disclosures are more fully described in 18 USC 1833, as amended, and include immunity from criminal and civil liability from making protected disclosures of trade secrets under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016. Finally, nothing in this Agreement authorizes the Employer to terminate Executives employment or otherwise retaliate against Executive for engaging in any of the foregoing activities.

16. Certain Payments Delayed for a Specified Employee. If Executive is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A, then any payment(s) under this Agreement on account of a separation from service as defined in Section 409A shall be made and/or shall begin on the first day of the seventh (7th) month following the date of Executives Termination to the extent such payments are not exempt from Section 409A and the six (6) month delay in payment is required by Section 409A.

17. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Mitigation. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise and, except as provided in Sections 8(a)(ii) or Section 9(c)(ii) or (iii), as applicable, no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to Executive in any subsequent employment.

(b) Waiver. Failure of a party hereto to insist, in one or more instances, on performance by the other in strict accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right granted in this Agreement or of the future performance of any such term or condition or of any other term or condition of this Agreement, unless such waiver is contained in a writing signed by the party making the waiver.

(c) Severability. If any provision or covenant, or any part thereof, of this Agreement should be held by any court to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, either in whole or in part, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality enforceability of the remaining provisions or covenants, or any part thereof, of this Agreement, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

(d) Other Agents. Nothing in this Agreement is to be interpreted as limiting the Employer from employing other personnel on such terms and conditions as may be satisfactory to it.

(e) Entire Agreement. Except as provided herein, this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Employer and Executive, with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and invalidates any previous employment and severance agreements or contracts with Executive. No representations, inducements, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, which are not embodied herein, shall be of any force or effect.

(f) Compliance with Section 409A. It is intended that this Agreement shall conform with all applicable Section 409A requirements to the extent Section 409A applies to any provisions of the Agreement. Accordingly, in interpreting, construing or applying any provisions of the Agreement, the same shall be construed in such manner as shall meet and comply with Section 409A, and in the event of any inconsistency with Section 409A, the same shall be reformed so as to meet the requirements of Section 409A. None of the payments under this Agreement are intended to result in the inclusion in Executives federal gross income on account of a failure under Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code. Accordingly, in interpreting, construing or applying any provisions of the Agreement, the same shall be construed in such manner as shall meet and comply with Section 409A, and in the event of any inconsistency with Section 409A, the same shall be reformed so as to meet the requirements of Section 409A. Any payments made under Sections 8 and 9 of this Agreement which are paid on or before the last day of the applicable period for the short-term deferral exclusion under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) are intended to be excluded under such short-term deferral exclusion. Any remaining payments under Sections 8 and 9 are intended to qualify for the exclusion for separation pay plans under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9). Each payment made under Sections 8 and 9 shall be treated as a separate payment, as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-2(b)(2), for purposes of Code Section 409A. Executive acknowledges that the Employer has not made any representation or warranty regarding 

the treatment of this Agreement or the benefits payable under this Agreement under federal, state or local income tax laws, including but not limited to Section 409A.

(g) Recoupment of Excessive or Improper Compensation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive agrees that any compensation or benefits provided to Executive under this Agreement that are subject to recovery or recoupment pursuant to (i) the Dodd-Frank Act and any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder, (ii) 12 C.F.R. Part 30 or any regulation promulgated thereunder by the Employers primary federal regulatory body, (iii) any other law or regulation, or (iv) any internal policy of the Employer adopted or ratified by the Board of Directors of the Company or the Bank shall be recouped by the Employer as necessary to satisfy such law, regulation, rule or policy. Executive agrees to return or repay any such compensation or benefit, and authorizes the Employer to deduct such compensation or the cost of such benefit from any other payments due to Executive if Executive fails to make such return or repayment. With regard to the foregoing provisions of this Section 17(g), the Employer and Executive agree that the Excess Incentive-Based Recovery Policy adopted by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and ratified by such Board, dated June 27, 2023, and all amendments thereto thereafter adopted by such Audit Committee, shall be applicable to all existing and future Incentive-Based Compensation Awards (as such term is defined in the Policy) awarded to Executive. Executive agrees to promptly perform and comply with all recovery actions taken by the Audit Committee, or by the Company at the direction of the Audit Committee, pursuant to the Policy.

(h) Governing Law. Except to the extent preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of North Carolina shall govern this Agreement in all respects, whether as to its validity, construction, capacity, performance or otherwise.

(i) Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered or seven (7) days after mailing if mailed, first class, certified mail, postage prepaid:

To the Employer:

First Bank

300 SW Broad Street

Southern Pines, NC 28387

Attention: Chair of the Board of Directors

To Executive, at Executives address shown on the signature page hereof.

Any party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be delivered or mailed by giving notice thereof to the other party in the same manner provided herein.

(j) Amendments and Modifications. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a writing signed by all parties hereto, which makes specific reference to this Agreement; provided, that no amendment or modification to this Agreement shall be adopted unless it complies with Section 409A to the extent Section 409A applies to this Agreement and/or to the amendment or modification.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Employment Agreement as of the Effective Date.

FIRST BANCORP

By:_______________________________________

Michael G. Mayer, President

FIRST BANK

By:_______________________________________

Adam Currie, Chief Executive Officer

EXECUTIVE:

__________________________________________

Christian A. Wilson
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit991newsreleasedated.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

News Release

For Immediate Release: For More Information,

February 6, 2025 Contact: Hillary Kestler

704-644-4137

First Bank Appoints New Chief Executive Officer

The Board of Directors of First Bancorp (NASDAQ - FBNC), the parent company of First Bank (the Bank), today announced the promotion of G. Adam Currie from President to Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Bank. Currie will replace Michael G. Mayer, who will remain as President of First Bancorp until early 2026. 

This transition is the culmination of a succession plan that has been in place for many years, said Richard H. Moore, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of First Bancorp. It is my privilege to hand over the reins to Adam at this stage of our Companys 90-year history. He has demonstrated his astute knowledge of our business and industry and has been instrumental in positioning First Bank for another 90 years of success. 

Currie served as President of the Bank since November 2023. Previously, he was Chief Banking Officer beginning in 2021 and served as a Regional President for the prior six years. He was hired to expand the Banks presence into Charlotte in 2015 after serving as a Managing Director of the Financial Institutions Group at PNC Capital Markets and Chief Operating Officer of Commercial Markets at RBC Bank. He started his career in banking at Bank of America. He has been a key driver of the Banks success in multiple regions of our footprint as his territory has expanded over his tenure at the Bank. 

I am honored to assume the role of CEO at First Bank and grateful to lead a company committed to serving our customers, our shareholders, our communities, and each other. As we look to the future, First Bank is poised to thrive thanks to the hard work and insight of Mike Mayer over the last eleven years as CEO. I look forward to continuing the Banks legacy and guiding this company into its next period of growth, said Mr. Currie. 

Mr. Moore added, This is an exciting time for First Bank as we see our succession plan come to fruition. Our Board looks forward to supporting Adam as he takes this Company into its next phase. 

Currie, born and raised in Charlotte, NC and currently located in Greensboro, NC, holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and is a graduate of the Graduate School of Banking program at Louisiana State University. 

First Bancorp also announces that it, First Bank (collectively, the Companies), and Mr. Mayer have entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective February 7, 2025 reflecting the change in Mr. Mayers title and responsibilities. The Companies and Christian Wilson also have entered into an Employment Agreement, effective February 7, 2025, setting forth the terms of his role as Chief Operating Officer.

First Bancorp is a bank holding company headquartered in Southern Pines, North Carolina, with total assets of approximately $12.2 billion. Its principal activity is the ownership and operation of First Bank, a state-chartered community bank that operates 113 branches in North Carolina and South Carolina.First Bank also provides SBA loans to customers through its nationwide network of lenders - for more information on First Banks SBA lending capabilities, please visit www.firstbanksba.com.First Bancorps common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol FBNC.

Please visit our website at www.LocalFirstBank.com.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fbnc-20250206.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fbnc-20250206_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fbnc-20250206_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page

Feb. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 06, 2025

Entity Registrant Name First Bancorp

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NC

Entity File Number 0-15572

Entity Tax Identification Number 56-1421916

Entity Address, Address Line One 300 SW Broad Street,

Entity Address, City or Town Southern Pines,

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 28387

City Area Code (910)

Local Phone Number 246-2500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, No Par Value

Trading Symbol FBNC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000811589

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://firstbancorp.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fbnc-20250206.htm 
fbnc-20250206.xsd 
fbnc-20250206_lab.xml 
fbnc-20250206_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0000811589-25-000005-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>fbnc-20250206_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000811589 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

false 
0000811589 
8-K 
2025-02-06 
First Bancorp 
NC 
0-15572 
56-1421916 
300 SW Broad Street, 
Southern Pines, 
NC 
28387 
(910) 
246-2500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, No Par Value 
FBNC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>