<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950103-25-003078.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0000950103-25-003078.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306074122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-25-003078
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arcadium Lithium plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001977303
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INORGANIC CHEMICALS [2810]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			Y9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41907
		FILM NUMBER:		25713633

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 12, GATEWAY HUB
		STREET 2:		SHANNON AIRPORT HOUSE
		CITY:			SHANNON, CO. CLARE V14 E3 70
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		353 1 6875238

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 12, GATEWAY HUB
		STREET 2:		SHANNON AIRPORT HOUSE
		CITY:			SHANNON, CO. CLARE V14 E3 70
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Allkem Livent plc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230705

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lightning-A Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230510
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dp225911_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000197730300019773032025-03-052025-03-050001977303dei:OtherAddressMember2025-03-052025-03-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 6, 2025 (March 5, 2025)

ARCADIUM LITHIUM
PLC

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Bailiwick of Jersey 001-38694 98-1737136

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1818 Market Street,

Suite 2550

Philadelphia, PA

United States

19103 Suite 12, Gateway Hub

Shannon Airport House

Shannon, Co. Clare

Ireland

V14 E370

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

215-299-5900 353-1-6875238

Registrants telephone number, including area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Ordinary Shares, par value $1.00 per share ALTM New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

On March 6, 2025, Rio Tinto Western Holdings Limited, a private limited
company incorporated under the laws of England & Wales (Parent), and Rio Tinto BM Subsidiary Limited, a private
limited company incorporated under the laws of England & Wales (Buyer), completed the previously announced acquisition
of Arcadium Lithium plc, a public limited company incorporated under the Laws of the Bailiwick of Jersey (the Company
or Arcadium), by means of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement (the Scheme) under the Companies
(Jersey) Law 1991 (the Transaction) pursuant to the previously announced Transaction Agreement, dated as of October
9, 2024 (the Transaction Agreement), by and among Parent, Buyer and Arcadium. Upon the consummation of the Transaction,
Arcadium became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Revolving Credit Facility

On March 5, 2025, the Company entered into a Consent and Waiver
(the Waiver) among the Company, Livent Corporation (Livent), Livent USA Corp. (f/k/a FMC
Lithium USA Corp.), Arcadium Lithium Financing IRL Limited, Arcadium Lithium Intermediate IRL Limited, the lenders party thereto and
Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent, relating to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2022 (as
amended by the Joinder and First Amendment, dated as of January 4, 2024, and the Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, the Credit Agreement). Pursuant to the Waiver, the lenders under the Credit
Agreement, among other things, waived defaults and events of default under the Credit Agreement that would result from the
consummation of the Transaction until March 14, 2025.

Supplemental Indenture

On March 6, 2025, the Company and Livent entered into a Third Supplemental
Indenture (the Third Supplemental Indenture) to that certain Indenture, dated as of June 25, 2020, by and among the
Company, Livent and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as amended and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto,
dated as of January 4, 2024, the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of January 1, 2025, and the Third Supplemental Indenture,
the Indenture), which Indenture governs Livents 4.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the Notes).

Pursuant to the Third Supplemental Indenture, from and after the effective
date of the Transaction, the Reference Property (as defined in the Indenture) has become composed entirely of cash, and, as a result,
the Conversion Obligation (as defined in the Indenture) has been calculated based on an amount in cash, without interest, equal to $5.85
(the Per Share Consideration) per Company Share (as defined below), which is, from, and including, March 6, 2025,
the effective date of the Transaction, up to, and ending at the closing of business on March 25, 2025 (the Make-Whole Fundamental
Change Period), an amount of cash equal to $1,624.81 per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes. This amount of cash
is equal to a conversion rate of 277.7457 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes multiplied by the Per Share Consideration (the Increased
Conversion Rate).

A conversion of Notes made at any time after the Make-Whole Fundamental
Change Period will receive an amount of cash equal to $1,611.44 per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes. This amount of cash is
equal to a conversion rate of 275.459331 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes multiplied by the Per Share Consideration.

The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the Third Supplemental Indenture, which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report, and which is incorporated
into this Item 1.01 by reference.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Items 3.03,
5.01, 5.02 and 5.03 is incorporated herein by reference.

At the effective time of the Scheme (the Effective Time),
each of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares, par value $1.00 per share, of the Company (each, a Company Share),
including the Company Shares represented by CHESS depositary interests (CDIs) issued by the Company and listed on
the securities exchange operated by

ASX Limited (ASX), was transferred from the shareholders
of the Company to Buyer in exchange for the right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to $5.85 per Company Share, subject
to any required withholding taxes (the Consideration).

At the Effective Time, or promptly thereafter on the day of the occurrence
of the Effective Time, the Companys Register of Members was updated in accordance with the terms of the Scheme to reflect the transfer
of the Company ordinary shares under the Scheme to Buyer.

At the Effective Time, the Companys outstanding equity awards
were treated as follows:

Restricted Stock Units: Each outstanding restricted stock unit with
respect to Company Shares (each a Company RSU) that was held by a non-employee director was cancelled and converted
into the right to receive the Consideration. Each other outstanding Company RSU was cancelled and exchanged for an award of restricted
stock units with respect to a number of ordinary shares of Rio Tinto plc (a Listed Share), determined by multiplying
the number of Company Shares subject to such Company RSU by the Equity Award Conversion Ratio (as defined in the Transaction Agreement).

Restricted Share Rights: Each outstanding restricted share right with
respect to Company Shares, whether vested or unvested (each, a Restricted Share Right), was cancelled and exchanged
for an award of restricted share rights with respect to a number of Listed Shares, determined by multiplying the number of Company Shares
subject to such Restricted Share Right by the Equity Award Conversion Ratio.

Stock Options: Each outstanding stock option with respect to Company
Shares, whether vested or unvested (each, a Company Stock Option), was cancelled and exchanged for an option to purchase
a number of Listed Shares determined by multiplying (i) the number of Company Shares subject to such Company Stock Option by (ii) the
Equity Award Conversion Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share. Such stock option had a per-share exercise price determined by
dividing (i) the exercise price per Company Share at which such Company Stock Option was exercisable immediately prior to the Effective
Time by (ii) the Equity Award Conversion Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.

The foregoing summaries of the Transaction and the Transaction Agreement
do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, the full text of the Transaction Agreement,
which was previously attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 9, 2024. The Transaction
Agreement is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation of a Registrant.

The disclosures required by this item are included in Item 1.01 and
are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

Prior to the Effective Time, Company Shares were listed and traded
on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) under the trading symbol ALTM and the CDIs were listed and
traded on the ASX under the trading symbol LTM. On March 6, 2025, the Company notified the NYSE that the Transaction had
become effective and requested that trading of the Company Shares on the NYSE be suspended prior to the opening of trading on March 6,
2025. In addition, the Company requested that the NYSE promptly file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
a notification of removal from listing and/or registration on Form 25 to delist Company Shares from the NYSE and deregister Company Shares
under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The NYSE is expected to
file the Form 25 on March 6, 2025. As a result, the Company Shares will no longer be listed on the NYSE. Upon effectiveness of such
Form 25, the Company intends to file with the SEC a certification on Form 15 under the Exchange Act, requesting the deregistration of
all of the Companys securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of the Companys reporting
obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. On March 6, 2025 (AEDT), at the request of the Company, trading of the CDIs
on the ASX were suspended prior to the opening of trading on the ASX. The CDIs are expected to be delisted from the ASX on or around March
17, 2025 (AEDT).

The information set forth in Item 2.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

At the Effective Time, each outstanding Company Share was exchanged
for the right to receive an amount equal to $5.85 in cash, without interest and subject to applicable withholding taxes.

The information set forth in Items 2.01, 3.01, 5.01 and 5.03 is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant. 

At the Effective Time, a change in control of the Company occurred,
and the Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Buyer.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Items 2.01,
3.01, 3.03 and 5.03 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On March 6, 2025, each of Peter Coleman, Paul Graves, Alan
Fitzpatrick, Christina Lampe-nnerud, Fernando Oris de Roa, Florencia Heredia, John Turner, Leanne Heywood, Michael Barry,
Pablo Marcet, Robert Pallash and Steven Merkt ceased to be a director (and removed from all committees thereof, as applicable) of
the Company, effective as of the Effective Time. On March 6, 2025, shortly after the Effective Time, Jennifer Pekman and Brendan
Molloy were appointed as directors of the Company.

On March 5, 2025, the Company made an internal announcement that Gilberto Antoniazzi,
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will be leaving the Company after helping with the transition related to the Transaction,
and that Sara Ponessa, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, will also be leaving the Company.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

On March 6, 2025, shortly after the Effective Time, the articles of
association of the Company were amended and restated to approve the validity of a unanimous written consent by all members in lieu of
a general meeting of the Company. A copy of the amended and restated articles of association of the Company is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to
this Current Report, and is incorporated into this Item 5.03 by reference.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit Description

3.1 Articles of Association of Arcadium Lithium plc, adopted on March 6, 2025

4.1 Third Supplemental Indenture

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 6, 2025 ARCADIUM LITHIUM PLC

By: 

/s/ Gilberto Antoniazzi 

Gilberto Antoniazzi

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dp225911_ex0301.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Arcadium Lithium plc

Articles of Association

Contents

Table
of contents

1 Preliminary 1

1.1 Definitions
and interpretation 1

1.2 Standard
Table not to apply 4

1.3 Exercising
powers 5

1.4 Currency 5

2 Share
capital 6

2.1 Share
capital and share issues 6

2.2 Rights
attaching to ordinary shares 6

2.3 Series
or classes of preferred shares 6

2.4 Rights
of preferred shares 6

2.5 Effect
of Statement of Rights 7

2.6 Redeemable
shares 7

2.7 Fractions
of shares 8

2.8 Alteration
of share capital 8

2.9 Purchase
of shares 8

2.10 Conversion
or reclassification of shares 8

2.11 Variation
of class rights 8

2.12 Shareholder
rights plan 8

2.13 Joint
holders of shares 9

2.14 Equitable
and other claims 9

2.15 Issue
of share certificates 10

3 Calls,
forfeiture, indemnities, lien and surrender 10

3.1 Calls 10

3.2 Proceedings
to recover calls 11

3.3 Payments
in advance of calls 11

3.4 Forfeiting
partly paid shares 11

3.5 Lien
on shares 12

3.6 Sale,
reissue or other disposal of shares by the Company 13

3.7 Interest
payable by member 14

4 Distributions 14

4.1 Dividends 14

4.2 Capitalising
profits 16

4.3 Ancillary
powers 16

4.4 Reserves 17

4.5 Carrying
forward profits 17

5 Transfer
of shares 17

5.1 Form
of transfer 17

Contents

5.2 Transfers
of uncertificated shares 18

5.3 Transfers
of certificated shares 18

5.4 Power
to suspend registration 18

5.5 Fee,
if any, payable for registration 18

5.6 Company
may retain instrument of transfer 18

5.7 Transmission
of shares 19

6 Disclosure
of interests 19

6.1 Tracing
notices 19

6.2 Failure
to Respond 20

7 General
meetings 22

7.1 Calling
general meetings 22

7.2 Notice
of general meetings 23

7.3 Nominations
and Proposals by Members 23

7.4 Record
time for members 30

7.5 Admission
to general meetings 30

7.6 Quorum
at general meetings 31

7.7 Chairperson
of general meetings 31

7.8 Conduct
at general meetings 32

7.9 Decisions
at general meetings 33

7.10 Voting
rights 33

7.11 Representation
at general meetings 34

7.12 DTC
System Voting Arrangements 36

7.13 Action
by written resolution 37

8 Directors 37

8.1 Appointment
and retirement of directors 37

8.2 Vacating
office 38

8.3 Removal
from office 38

8.4 Remuneration 38

8.5 Director
need not be a member 39

8.6 Directors
may contract with the Company and hold other offices 39

8.7 Powers
and duties of directors 39

8.8 Delegation
by the Board 40

8.9 Proceedings
of directors 40

8.10 Calling
meetings of the Board 41

8.11 Notice
of meetings of the Board 41

8.12 Quorum
at meetings of the Board 41

8.13 Chairperson
and deputy chairperson of the Board 42

8.14 Decisions
of the Board 42

8.15 Written
resolutions 42

8.16 Validity
of acts 42

9 Business
combinations with interested members 42

Contents

9.1 Business
combinations with interested members 42

10 Officers 46

10.1 Executive
directors 46

10.2 Provisions
applicable to all officers 46

11 Indemnity
and insurance 47

11.1 Persons
to whom articles 11.2 and 11.4 apply 47

11.2 Indemnity 47

11.3 Extent
of indemnity 47

11.4 Insurance 47

11.5 Savings 47

11.6 Deed 47

12 Winding
up 48

12.1 Distributing
surplus 48

12.2 Dividing
property 48

13 Inspection
of and access to records 49

14 Seals 49

14.1 Manner
of execution 49

14.2 Common
seal 49

14.3 Safe
custody of Seal 49

14.4 Using
the Seal 49

14.5 Seal
register 49

14.6 Duplicate
seals and certificate seals 49

14.7 Sealing
and signing certificates 50

15 Notices 50

15.1 Notices
by the Company to members 50

15.2 Notices
by the Company to directors 51

15.3 Notices
by directors to the Company 51

15.4 Time
of service 51

15.5 Other
communications and documents 51

15.6 Written
notices 52

16 General 52

16.1 Submission
to jurisdiction 52

16.2 Prohibition
and enforceability 52

16.3 Corporate
governance policies 52

17 Scheme
of Arrangement 52

1.1

Arcadium
Lithium plc

Articles of Association

A public company limited by shares

1 Preliminary

1.1 Definitions
and interpretation

(a) The
meanings of the terms used in these articles are set out below.

1

Term Meaning

Acting
Chairperson has
the meaning given to that term in article 7.7(d).

affiliate a
person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, another person.

annual
general meeting an
annual general meeting of the Company that the Companies Law requires to be held.

Board the
directors for the time being of the Company or those directors who are present at a meeting at which there is a quorum.

Business
Day has
the meaning given to that term in the listing rules of the
New York Stock Exchange.

CDI means
a CHESS depositary interest that represents a beneficial ownership in a share in the Company registered in the name of CDI Nominee
(or in the name of a nominee or custodian who will hold the shares in the Company on CDI Nominees behalf). 

CDI
Nominee means
CHESS Depositary Nominees Pty Limited (ACN 071 346 506).

CHESS the
Clearing House Electronic Subregister System operated by ASX Settlement Pty Ltd.

Companies
Law the
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991.

Control,
including the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether
through the ownership of voting shares, by contract or otherwise. A person who is the owner of 20% or more of the outstanding voting
shares of any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity shall be presumed to have control of such entity,
in the absence of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to the contrary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a presumption of control
shall not apply where such person holds voting shares, in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing this provision, as
an agent, bank, broker, nominee, custodian or trustee for one or more owners who do not individually or as a group have control of
such entity.

CREST
Order the
Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999, as amended from time to time, including any provisions of or under the
Companies Law which alter or replace such regulations.

Default
Shares has
the meaning given to that term in article 6.2(a).

Derivative
Security has
the meaning given to that term in article 7.3(f)(3).

Designated
Stock Exchange the
New York Stock Exchange, the Australian Securities Exchange or any other stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the
Company's securities are then traded.

directors the
directors of the Company.

distribution has
the meaning given to that expression in Article 114 of the Companies Law. 

dividend any
dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on shares pursuant to these articles.

DTC
the
Depositary Trust Company or any successor company.

DTC
Depositary Cede
& Co. and/or any other custodian, depositary or nominee of DTC which holds shares under arrangements that facilitate the holding
and trading of beneficial interests in ordinary shares in the DTC System.

2

DTC
Proxy 

in
relation to any shares held by the DTC Depositary, any person who is, for the purposes of any general meeting or resolution, appointed
a proxy (whether by way of instrument of proxy, power of attorney, mandate or otherwise) by:

a) the
DTC Depositary; or

b) a
proxy, attorney or other agent appointed by any other person whose authority is ultimately derived (whether directly or indirectly) from
the DTC Depositary.

DTC
System the
electronic system operated by DTC by which title to securities or interests in securities may be evidenced and transferred in dematerialised
form.

Exchange
Act the
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Exemption
Order the
Companies (Transfers of Shares Exemptions) (Jersey) Order 2014 as amended from time to time, including any provisions of
or under the Companies Law which alter or replace such regulations.

extraordinary
general meeting any
general meeting of the Company other than the annual general meeting.

Liabilities has
the meaning given to that term in article 11.2.

Listing
Rules the
listing rules of the Designated
Stock Exchange.

Officer has
the meaning given to that term in article 11.1. 

public
announcement disclosure
in a press release reported by Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news service in the United States
or in a document publicly filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act.

Record
Time has
the meaning given to that term in article 7.4.

Representative in
relation to a member that is a body corporate means a person authorised by the body corporate to act as its representative at the
meeting.

Seal any
common seal, duplicate seal or certificate seal of the Company.

share means
shares in the Company. 

special
resolution a
resolution of the Company passed as a special resolution in accordance with the Companies Law.

Statement
of Rights has
the meaning given to that term in article 2.4.

Transmission
Event 

1 for
a member who is an individual the members death, the members bankruptcy, or a member becoming of unsound mind,
or a person who, or whose estate, is liable to be dealt with in any way under the laws relating to mental health; and

2 for
a member who is a body corporate the insolvency, bankruptcy or dissolution of the member or the succession by another body corporate
to the assets and liabilities of the member.

Uncertificated in
relation to a share, means a share title to which is recorded in the register as being held in uncertificated form and title to which,
by virtue of the CREST Order, may be transferred by means of a relevant system.

(b) A
reference in these articles to a partly paid share is a reference to a share on which there
is an amount unpaid.

(c) A
reference in these articles to an amount unpaid on a share includes a

3

reference
to any amount of the issue price which is unpaid.

(d) A
reference in these articles to a call or an amount called on a share includes a reference
to a sum that, by the terms of issue of a share, becomes payable on issue or at a fixed date.

(e) Except
where a special resolution or another percentage is specified, a reference to a resolution
or ordinary resolution of the Company is a reference to a resolution passed by a majority
of votes cast by the members present at a general meeting.

(f) A
reference in these articles to a member for the purposes of a meeting of members is a reference
to a registered holder of shares as at the relevant Record Time.

(g) A
reference in these articles to a member present at a general meeting is a reference to a
member present in person, electronically in accordance with article 7.5(d) or by proxy, attorney
or Representative.

(h) A
chairperson or deputy chairperson appointed under these articles may be referred to as chairman
or chairwoman, or deputy chairman or chairwoman, or as chair, if applicable.

(i) A
reference in these articles to a person holding or occupying a particular office or position
is a reference to any person who occupies or performs the duties of that office or position.

(j) A
reference to a document being signed or to signature includes
that document being executed under hand or under seal or by any other method and, in the
case of a communication in electronic form, includes the document being authenticated in
accordance with the Companies Law or any other method approved by the Board.

(k) Unless
the contrary intention appears, in these articles:

(1) the
singular includes the plural and the plural includes the singular;

(2) words
that refer to any gender include all genders;

(3) words
used to refer to persons generally include natural persons as well as bodies corporate, bodies
politic, partnerships, joint ventures, associations, boards, groups or other bodies (whether
or not the body is incorporated);

(4) a
reference to a person includes that persons successors and legal personal
representatives;

(5) a
reference to a statute or regulation, or a provision of any of them includes all statutes,
regulations or provisions amending, consolidating or replacing them, and a reference to a
statute includes all regulations, proclamations, ordinances and by-laws issued under that
statute;

(6) a
reference to the Listing Rules includes any variation, consolidation, amendment or replacement
of those rules and is to be taken to be subject to any applicable waiver or exemption; and

(7) where
a word or phrase is given a particular meaning, other parts of speech and grammatical forms
of that word or phrase have corresponding meanings.

(l) Specifying
anything in these articles after the words including, includes
or for example or similar expressions does not limit what else is included
unless there is express wording to the contrary.

(m) In
these articles, headings and bold type are only for convenience and do not affect the meaning
of these articles.

1.2 Standard
Table not to apply

The
regulations contained in the Standard Table adopted pursuant to the Companies (Standard Table) (Jersey) Order 1992 and any regulations
contained in any statute or subordinate legislation are expressly excluded and do not apply to the Company.

4

1.3 Exercising
powers

(a) The
Company may, in any way the Companies Law permits:

(1) exercise
any power;

(2) take
any action; or

(3) engage
in any conduct or procedure;

which,
under the Companies Law, a company limited by shares may exercise, take or engage in.

(b) Where
these articles provide that a person may do a particular act or thing, the
act or thing may be done at the persons discretion.

(c) Where
these articles confer a power to do a particular act or thing, the power is, unless the contrary
intention appears, to be taken as including a power exercisable in the same way and subject
to the same conditions (if any) to repeal, rescind, revoke, amend or vary that act or thing.

(d) Where
these articles confer a power to do a particular act or thing, the power may be exercised
from time to time and may be exercised subject to conditions.

(e) Where
these articles confer a power to do a particular act or thing concerning particular matters,
the power is, unless the contrary intention appears, to be taken to include a power to do
that act or thing as to only some of those matters or as to a particular class of those matters,
and to make different provision concerning different matters or different classes of matters.

(f) Where
these articles confer a power to make appointments to an office or position (except the power
to appoint a director under article 8.1(b)), the power is, unless the contrary intention
appears, to be taken to include a power:

(1) to
appoint a person to act in the office or position until a person is formally appointed to
the office or position;

(2) to
remove or suspend any person appointed (without prejudice to any rights or obligations under
any contract between the person and the Company); and

(3) to
appoint another person temporarily in the place of any person removed or suspended or in
the place of any sick or absent holder of the office or position.

(g) Where
these articles give power to a person to delegate a function or power:

(1) the
delegation may be concurrent with, or (except in the case of a delegation by the Board) to
the exclusion of, the performance or exercise of that function or power by the person;

(2) the
delegation may be either general or limited in any way provided in the terms of delegation;

(3) the
delegation need not be to a specified person but may be to any person holding, occupying
or performing the duties of a specified office or position;

(4) the
delegation may include the power to delegate; and

(5) where
performing or exercising that function or power depends on that persons opinion, belief
or state of mind about a matter, that function or power may be performed or exercised by
the delegate on the delegates opinion, belief or state of mind about that matter.

1.4 Currency

Any
amount payable to the holder of a share, whether in relation to dividends, repayment of capital, participation in surplus property of
the Company or otherwise, may be paid in any currency determined by the Board. The Board may fix a time on or before the payment date
as the time at which the applicable exchange rate will be determined for that purpose.

5

2 Share
capital

2.1 Share
capital and share issues

(a) The
share capital of the Company is as specified in the Memorandum of Association and the shares
of the Company shall have the rights and be subject to the conditions contained in these
articles and, to the extent applicable, in the Statement of Rights relating to preferred
shares of any class.

(b) Subject
to these articles, the Board may, from time to time in its discretion:

(1) issue,
allot or grant options for, or otherwise dispose of, shares in the Company; and

(2) decide:

(A) the
persons to whom shares are issued or options are granted;

(B) the
terms on which shares are issued or options are granted; and

(C) the
rights and restrictions attached to those shares or options.

2.2 Rights
attaching to ordinary shares

Subject
to the Companies Law and the provisions of these articles, the rights attaching to ordinary shares are as follows:

(a) As
regards income Each ordinary share confers on the holder thereof the right to
receive such profits of the Company available for distribution as the Board may declare after
any payment to the members holding shares of any other class other than ordinary shares of
any amount then payable in accordance with the relevant Statement of Rights or other terms
of issue of that class.

(b) As
regards capital If the Company is wound up, the holder of an ordinary share is
entitled, following payment to the members holding shares of any other class other than ordinary
shares of all amounts then payable to them in accordance with the relevant Statement of Rights
or other terms of issue of that class, to repayment of the stated amount of the capital paid
up thereon and thereafter any surplus assets of the Company then remaining shall be distributed
pari passu among the holders of the ordinary shares in proportion to the amounts paid
up thereon.

(c) As
regards voting At any general meeting of the Company and any separate class meeting
of the holders of ordinary shares, every person who was a holder of ordinary shares at the
Record Time and who is present at such meeting has one vote for every ordinary share of which
such person was the holder as of the Record Time.

(d) As
regards redemption the ordinary shares are not redeemable, unless issued as redeemable
or converted into redeemable ordinary shares pursuant to article 2.6.

2.3 Series
or classes of preferred shares

The
Board is hereby authorised to issue the preferred shares in one or more series or classes and determine from time to time before issuance
the number of shares to be included in any such series or class and the designation, powers, preferences, rights and qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of such series or class.

2.4 Rights
of preferred shares

The
authority of the Board with respect to each such series or class of preferred shares will include, without limiting the generality of
article 2.3, the determination of any or all of the following, which shall be set out in a statement of rights in respect of each series
or class of preferred shares (Statement of Rights), all as may be determined from time to

6

time
by the Board and as may be permitted by the Companies Law:

(a) the
series or class to which each preferred share shall belong, such series or class to be designated
with a series or class number and, if the Board so determines, title;

(b) details
of any dividends payable in respect of the relevant series or class, if any, including whether
such dividends will be cumulative or noncumulative, the dividend rate of such series or class,
and the dates and preferences of dividends on such series or class;

(c) details
of rights attaching to shares of the relevant series or class to receive a return of capital
on a winding up of the Company;

(d) details
of the voting rights attaching to shares of the relevant series or class (which may provide,
without limitation, that each preferred share shall have more than one vote on a poll at
any general meeting of the Company);

(e) a
statement as to whether shares of the relevant series or class are redeemable (either at
the option of the holder and/or the Company) and, if so, on what terms such shares are redeemable
(including, and only if so determined by the Board, the amount for which such shares shall
be redeemed (or a method or formula for determining the same) and the date on which they
shall be redeemed);

(f) a
statement as to whether shares of the relevant series or class are convertible into, or exchangeable
for, shares of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same or any other
class or classes of shares, or any other security, of the Company or any other person (in
each case, either at the option of the holder and/or the Company) and, if so, on what rates
or terms such shares are convertible or exchangeable;

(g) the
right, if any, to subscribe for or to purchase any securities of the Company or any other
person;

(h) any
other designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights,
obligations and restrictions, if any, attaching to preferred shares of any class or series
as the Board may determine in its discretion; and/or

(i) the
price at which shares of the relevant series or class shall be issued.

2.5 Effect
of Statement of Rights

Once
a Statement of Rights has been adopted for a class or series of preferred shares:

(a) it
is binding on members and the Board as if contained in these articles;

(b) it
must be filed on behalf of the Company with the Registrar of Companies in Jersey in accordance
with the Companies Law;

(c) the
provisions of article 2.11 apply to any variation or abrogation thereof that may be effected
by the Company or the Board; and

(d) upon
the redemption of a preferred share (if it is redeemable) pursuant to the Statement of Rights
relating thereto, the holder thereof ceases to be entitled to any rights in respect thereof
and accordingly such holders name must be removed from the register of members and
the share must thereupon be cancelled.

2.6 Redeemable
shares

Subject
to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Board may:

(a) issue;
or

(b) convert
existing non-redeemable shares, whether issued or not, into, shares that are to be redeemed,
or are liable to be redeemed, either in accordance with their terms or at the option of the
Company and/or at the option of the holder; provided that an issued non-redeemable share
may only be converted into a redeemable share pursuant to article 2.6(b) with the agreement
of the applicable holder (which agreement shall be deemed to exist with respect to any non-redeemable
shares tendered by such holder for conversion, repurchase, buy back or redemption and regardless
of whether or not such holder is aware that the Company is the purchaser of such shares in
such transaction) or pursuant to a special resolution.

7

2.7 Fractions
of shares

(a) Subject
to the Companies Law, the Company may, in the Boards discretion,

issue
fractions of a share of any class.

(b) A
fraction of a share shall be subject to and carry the corresponding fraction of liabilities
(whether with respect to calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences, privileges, qualifications,
restrictions, rights and other attributes of a share of that class of shares.

2.8 Alteration
of share capital

The
Board may do anything required to give effect to any special resolution altering the Companys share capital, including, where
a member becomes entitled to a fraction of a share on a consolidation, by:

(a) making
cash payments;

(b) determining
that fractions may be disregarded to adjust the rights of all members;

(c) appointing
a trustee to deal with any fractions on behalf of members; and

(d) rounding
down or rounding up each fractional entitlement to the nearest whole share.

2.9 Purchase
of shares

Subject
to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may, to the extent authorised by special resolution, purchase its shares (including
any redeemable shares) and either cancel them or hold them as treasury shares.

2.10 Conversion
or reclassification of shares

(a) Subject
to article 2.11 and the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may by special resolution
convert or reclassify shares from one class to another.

(b) Notwithstanding
article 2.11 but subject to the Companies Law, the Board may convert or reclassify any previously
classified but unissued shares of any existing class from time to time in one or more existing
classes of shares without the approval of members of the Company.

2.11 Variation
of class rights

(a) The
rights attached to any class of shares may, unless their terms of issue state otherwise,
be varied by a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of shares of
the class.

(b) The
provisions of these articles relating to general meetings apply, with necessary changes,
to separate class meetings as if they were general meetings.

(c) The
rights conferred on the holders of any class of shares are to be taken as not having been
varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking ahead, after or pari passu
with them, unless the terms of issue provide otherwise.

(d) The
rights conferred upon the holders of ordinary shares are to be taken as not having been varied
by the creation, issue, redemption or conversion of any preferred shares.

2.12 Shareholder
rights plan

(a) The
Board is hereby authorised to establish a shareholder rights plan including approving the
execution of any document relating to the adoption and/or implementation of a rights plan.
A rights plan may be in such form and may be subject to such terms and conditions as the
Board shall determine in its absolute discretion.

8

(b) The
Board is hereby authorised to grant rights to subscribe for shares of the Company in accordance
with a rights plan.

(c) The
Board may, in accordance with a rights plan, exercise any power under such rights plan (including
a power relating to the issuance, redemption or exchange of rights or shares) on a basis
that excludes one or more members, including a member who has acquired or may acquire a significant
interest in or control of the Company.

(d) The
Board is authorised to exercise the powers under this article 2.12 for any purpose that the
Board, in its discretion, deems reasonable and appropriate, including, without limitation,
to ensure that:

(1) any
process which may result in an acquisition of a significant interest or change of control
of the Company is conducted in an orderly manner;

(2) all
holders of ordinary shares will be treated fairly and in a similar manner;

(3) any
potential acquisition of a significant interest or change of control of the Company which
would be unlikely to treat all members of the Company fairly and in a similar manner would
be prevented;

(4) the
use of abusive tactics by any person in connection with any potential acquisition of a significant
interest or change of control of the Company would be prevented;

(5) an
optimum price for shares would be received by or on behalf of all members of the Company;

(6) the
success of the Company would be promoted for the benefit of its members as a whole;

(7) the
long-term interests of the Company, its employees, its members and its business would be
safeguarded;

(8) the
Company would not suffer serious economic harm;

(9) the
Board has additional time to gather relevant information or pursue appropriate strategies;
or

(10) all
or any of the above.

2.13 Joint
holders of shares

Where
two (2) or more persons are registered as the holders of a share, they hold it as joint tenants with rights of survivorship, on the following
conditions:

(a) they
are liable individually as well as jointly for all payments, including calls, in respect
of the share;

(b) subject
to article 2.13(a), on the death of any one of them the survivor is the only person the Company
will recognise as having any title to the share;

(c) any
one of them may give effective receipts for any dividend, bonus, interest or other distribution
or payment in respect of the share; and

(d) except
where persons are jointly entitled to a share because of a Transmission Event, the Company
may, but is not required to, register more than four

(4)
persons as joint holders of the share.

2.14 Equitable
and other claims

The
Company may treat the registered holder of a share as the absolute owner of that share and need not, except as required by law:

(a) recognise
a person as holding a share on trust, even if the Company has notice of a trust; or

(b) recognise,
or be bound by, any equitable, contingent, future or partial claim to or interest in a share
by any other person, except an absolute right of ownership in the registered holder, even
if the Company has notice of that claim or interest.

9

2.15 Issue
of share certificates

(a) Subject
to article 2.15(e), upon being entered in the register of members as the holder of a share,
a member is entitled:

(1) without
payment, to one certificate for all the shares of each class held by that member (and, upon
transferring a part of the member's holding of shares of any class, to a certificate for
the balance of that holding); and

(2) upon
payment of such reasonable sum as the directors may determine for every certificate after
the first, to several certificates each for one or more of that member's shares.

(b) Every
certificate shall specify the number, class and distinguishing numbers (if any) of the shares
to which it relates and whether they are fully paid or partly paid up. A certificate may
be executed under seal or executed in such other manner as the directors determine and the
Companies Law permits.

(c) The
Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for shares held jointly by
several persons and delivery of a certificate for a share to one joint holder shall be a
sufficient delivery to all of them.

(d) If
a share certificate is defaced, worn-out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms
(if any) as to:

(1) evidence;

(2) indemnity;

(3) payment
of the expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating the evidence; and

(4) payment
of a reasonable fee, if any, for issuing a replacement share certificate,

as
the Board may determine, and (in the case of defacement or wearing-out) on delivery to the Company of the old certificate.

(e) Subject
to article 2.15(f), at any time the relevant shares are listed on the Designated Stock Exchange
(provided that the Designated Stock Exchange remains an 'approved stock exchange' (as defined
in the Exemption Order)), the Company shall not be required to (although may, in its absolute
discretion choose to), produce a share certificate in accordance with this article 2.15.

(f) Following
a written request at any time from a member to the Company requesting a share certificate
in respect of shares held by that member, the Company shall, within two (2) months of receipt
by the Company of that written request, complete and have ready for delivery the certificate
of such shares in respect of which the request was made, unless the conditions of allotment
of the shares otherwise provide.

3 Calls,
forfeiture, indemnities, lien and surrender

3.1 Calls

(a) Subject
to the terms on which any shares are issued, the Board may:

(1) make
calls on the members for any amount unpaid on their shares which is not by the terms of issue
of those shares made payable at fixed times; and

(2) on
the issue of shares, differentiate between members as to the amount of calls to be paid and
the time for payment.

(b) The
Board may require a call to be paid by instalments.

(c) The
Board must send members notice of a call at least fourteen (14) days before the amount called
is due, specifying the amount of the call, the time for payment and the manner in which payment
must be made.

10

(d) Each
member must pay the amount called to the Company by the time and in the manner specified
for payment.

(e) A
call is taken to have been made when the resolution of the Board authorising the call is
passed.

(f) The
Board may revoke a call or extend the time for payment.

(g) A
call is valid even if a member for any reason does not receive notice of the call.

(h) If
an amount called on a share is not paid in full by the time specified for payment, the person
who owes the amount must pay:

(1) interest
on the unpaid part of the amount from the date payment is due to the date payment is made,
at a rate determined under article 3.7; and

(2) any
costs, expenses or damages the Company incurs due to the failure to pay or late payment.

(i) Any
amount unpaid on a share that, by the terms of issue of the share, becomes payable on issue
or at a fixed date:

(1) is
treated for the purposes of these articles as if that amount were payable under a call duly
made and notified; and

(2) must
be paid on the date on which it is payable under the terms of issue of the share.

(j) The
Board may, to the extent the law permits, waive or compromise all or part of any payment
due to the Company under the terms of issue of a share or under this article 3.1.

3.2 Proceedings
to recover calls

(a) In
a proceeding to recover a call, or an amount payable due to the failure to pay or late payment
of a call, proof that:

(1) the
name of the defendant is entered in the register as the holder or one of the holders of the
share on which the call is claimed;

(2) the
resolution making the call is recorded in the minute book; and

(3) notice
of the call was given to the defendant complying with these articles,

is
conclusive evidence of the obligation to pay the call and it is not necessary to prove the appointment of the Board who made the call
or any other matter.

(b) In
article 3.2(a), defendant includes a person against whom the Company alleges a set-off
or counterclaim, and a proceeding to recover a call or an amount is to be interpreted
accordingly.

3.3 Payments
in advance of calls

(a) The
Board may accept from a member the whole or a part of the amount unpaid on a share even though
no part of that amount has been called.

(b) The
Board may authorise payment by the Company of interest on an amount accepted under article
3.3(a), until the amount becomes payable, at a rate agreed between the Board and the member
paying the amount.

(c) The
Board may repay to a member any amount accepted under article 3.3(a).

3.4 Forfeiting
partly paid shares

(a) If
a member fails to pay the whole of a call or an instalment of a call by the time specified
for payment, the Board may serve a notice on that member:

(1) requiring
payment of the unpaid part of the call or instalment, together with any interest that has
accrued and all costs, expenses or damages that the Company has incurred due to the failure
to pay;

11

(2) specifying
a further time (at least fourteen (14) days after the date of the notice) by which, and the
manner in which, the amount payable under article 3.4(a)(1) must be paid; and

(3) stating
that if the whole of the amount payable under article 3.4(a)(1) is not paid by the time and
in the manner specified, the shares on which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

(b) If
a member does not comply with a notice served under article 3.4(a), the Board may by resolution
forfeit any share concerning which the notice was given at any time after the day named in
the notice and before the payment required by the notice is made.

(c) A
forfeiture under article 3.4(b) includes all dividends, interest and other amounts payable
by the Company on the forfeited share and not actually paid before the forfeiture.

(d) Where
a share has been forfeited:

(1) notice
of the resolution must be given to the member in whose name the share stood immediately before
the forfeiture; and

(2) an
entry of the forfeiture, with the date, must be made in the register of members.

(e) Failure
to give the notice or to make the entry required under article 3.4(d) does not invalidate
the forfeiture.

(f) A
forfeited share becomes the property of the Company and the Board may sell, reissue or otherwise
dispose of the share as it thinks fit and, in the case of reissue or other disposal, with
or without crediting as paid up any amount paid on the share by any former holder.

(g) A
person whose shares have been forfeited ceases to be a member as to the forfeited shares,
but must, unless the Board decides otherwise, pay to the Company:

(1) all
calls, instalments, interest, costs, expenses and damages owing on the shares at the time
of the forfeiture; and

(2) interest
on the unpaid part of the amount payable under article 3.4(g)(1), from the date of the forfeiture
to the date of payment, at a rate determined under article 3.7.

(h) The
forfeiture of a share extinguishes all interest in, and all claims and demands against the
Company relating to, the forfeited share and, subject to article 3.6(h), all other rights
attached to the share.

(i) The
Board may:

(1) exempt
a share from all or part of this article 3.4;

(2) waive
or compromise all or part of any payment due to the Company under this article 3.4; and

(3) before
a forfeited share has been sold, reissued or otherwise disposed of, cancel the forfeiture
on the conditions it decides.

3.5 Lien
on shares

(a) The
Company has a first lien on:

(1) each
partly paid share for all unpaid calls and instalments due on that share; and

(2) each
share for any amounts the Company is required by law to pay and has paid in respect of that
share.

In
each case the lien extends to reasonable interest and expenses incurred because the amount is not paid.

(b) The
Companys lien on a share extends to all dividends, interest and other amounts payable
on the share and to the proceeds of sale of the share.

(c) The
Board may sell a share on which the Company has a lien as it thinks fit where:

12

(1) an
amount for which a lien exists under this article 3.5 is presently payable; and

(2) the
Company has given the registered holder a written notice, at least fourteen (14) days before
the date of the sale, stating and demanding payment of that amount.

(d) The
Board may do anything necessary or desirable to protect any lien, charge or other right to
which the Company is entitled under these articles or a law.

(e) When
the Company registers a transfer of shares on which the Company has a lien without giving
the transferee notice of its claim, the Companys lien is released so far as it relates
to amounts owing by the transferor or any predecessor in title.

(f) The
Board may:

(1) exempt
a share from all or part of this article 3.5; and

(2) waive
or compromise all or part of any payment due to the Company under this article 3.5.

3.6 Sale,
reissue or other disposal of shares by the Company

(a) A
reference in this article 3.6 to a sale of a share by the Company is a reference to any sale,
reissue or other disposal of a share under article 3.4(f) or

article
3.5(c).

(b) When
the Company sells a share, the Company may:

(1) receive
the purchase money or consideration given for the share;

(2) effect
a transfer of the share or execute or appoint a person to execute, on behalf of the former
holder, a transfer of the share; and

(3) register
as the holder of the share the person to whom the share is sold.

(c) A
person to whom the Company sells shares need not take any steps to investigate the regularity
or validity of the sale, or to see how the purchase money or consideration on the sale is
applied. That persons title to the shares is not affected by any irregularity by the
Company in relation to the sale. A sale of the share by the Company is valid even if a Transmission
Event occurs to the member before the sale.

(d) The
only remedy of a person who suffers a loss because of a sale of a share by the Company is
a claim for damages against the Company, but the Company shall not be liable for a loss caused
by the price at which the shares are sold in good faith.

(e) The
proceeds of a sale of shares by the Company must be applied in paying:

(1) first,
the expenses of the sale;

(2) secondly,
all amounts payable (whether presently or not) by the former holder to the Company,

and
any balance must be paid to the former holder on the former holder delivering to the Company proof of title to the shares acceptable
to the Board.

(f) Until
the proceeds of a sale of a share sold by the Company are claimed or otherwise disposed of
according to law, the Board may invest or use the proceeds in any other way for the benefit
of the Company.

(g) The
Company is not required to pay interest on money payable to a former holder under this article
3.6.

(h) On
completion of a sale, reissue or other disposal of a share under article 3.4(f), the rights
which attach to the share which were extinguished under article 3.4(h) revive.

(i) A
written statement by a director or secretary of the Company that a share in the Company has
been:

(1) duly
forfeited under article 3.4(b);

13

(2) duly
sold, reissued or otherwise disposed of under article 3.4(f); or

(3) duly
sold under article 3.5(c),

on
a date stated in the statement is conclusive evidence of the facts stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share,
and of the right of the Company to forfeit, sell, reissue or otherwise dispose of the share.

3.7 Interest
payable by member

(a) For
the purposes of articles 3.1(h)(1) and 3.4(g)(2), the rate of interest payable to the Company
is:

(1) if
the Board has fixed a rate, that rate; or

(2) in
any other case, a rate per annum 2% higher than the rate prescribed in respect of unpaid
judgments in the Royal Court of Jersey.

(b) Interest
accrues daily and may be capitalised monthly or at such other intervals the Board decides.

4 Distributions

4.1 Dividends

(a) Subject
to each Statement of Rights and the provisions of the Companies Law, the Board may pay any
dividends from time to time as the Board may determine, including any interim dividends.

(b) The
Board may rescind a decision to pay a dividend, before the payment date in its sole discretion.

(c) The
Board may pay any dividend required to be paid under the terms of issue of a share.

(d) The
Board may pay half-yearly, quarterly or at other suitable intervals to be settled by them
any dividend which may be payable at a fixed rate.

(e) Paying
a dividend does not require confirmation or approval at a general meeting.

(f) Subject
to any rights or restrictions attached to any shares or class of shares:

(1) all
dividends must be paid equally on all shares, except that a partly paid share confers an
entitlement only to the proportion of the dividend which the amount paid (not credited) on
the share is of the total amounts paid and payable (excluding amounts credited);

(2) for
the purposes of article 4.1(f)(1), unless the Board decides otherwise, an amount paid on
a share in advance of a call is to be taken as not having been paid until it becomes payable;
and

(3) interest
is not payable by the Company on any dividend or any amounts payable therewith.

(g) The
Board may fix a record date for a dividend.

(h) A
dividend in respect of a share must be paid, subject to the rules of any Designated Stock
Exchange (including any rules relating to the settlement of transfers of securities), to
the person who is registered, or entitled under articles 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 to be registered,
as the holder of the share:

(1) where
the Board has fixed a record date in respect of the dividend, on that date; or

(2) where
the Board has not fixed a record date in respect of that dividend, on the date fixed for
payment of the dividend,

and
a transfer of a share that is not registered, or left with the Company for registration under articles 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3, on or before
that date is not effective, as against the Company, to pass any right to the dividend.

(i) When
resolving to pay a dividend, the Board may direct payment of the dividend

14

from
any available source permitted by law, including:

(1) wholly
or partly by the distribution of specific assets, including paid-up shares or other securities
of the Company or of another body corporate, either generally or to specific members; and

(2) to
particular members wholly or partly out of any particular fund or reserve or out of profits
derived from any particular source, and to the other members wholly or partly out of any
other particular fund or reserve or out of profits derived from any other particular source.

(j) Where
a person is entitled to a share because of a Transmission Event, the Board may, but need
not, retain any dividends payable on that share until that person becomes registered as the
holder of that share or transfers it.

(k) The
Board may retain from any dividend payable to a member any amount presently payable by the
member to the Company and apply the amount retained to the amount owing.

(l) The
Board may decide the method of payment of any dividend or other amount in respect of a share.
Different methods of payment may apply to different members or groups of members (such as
overseas members). Without limiting any other method of payment which the Company may adopt,
payment in respect of a share may be made:

(1) by
such electronic or other means approved by the Board directly to an account (of a type approved
by the Board) nominated in writing by the member or the joint holders; or

(2) by
cheque sent to the address of the member shown in the register of members or, in the case
of joint holders, to the address shown in the register of members of any of the joint holders,
or to such other address as the member or any of the joint holders in writing direct.

(m) A
cheque sent under article 4.1(l):

(1) may
be made payable to bearer or to the order of the member to whom it is sent or any other person
the member directs; and

(2) is
sent at the member's risk.

(n) If
the Board decides that payments will be made by electronic transfer into an account (of a
type approved by the Board) nominated by a member, but no such account is nominated by the
member or an electronic transfer into a nominated account is rejected or refunded, the Company
may credit the amount payable to an account of the Company to be held until the member nominates
a valid account.

(o) Where
a member does not have a registered address or the Company believes that a member is not
known at the members registered address or cheques have been returned undelivered
or other payment methods have failed on more than one occasion, the Company may credit an
amount payable in respect of the members shares to an account of the Company to be
held until the member claims the amount payable or nominates a valid account.

(p) An
amount credited to an account under articles 4.1(n) or 4.1(o) is to be treated as having
been paid to the member at the time it is credited to that account. The Company will not
be a trustee of the money and no interest will accrue on the money. The money may be used
for the benefit of the Company until claimed or otherwise disposed of according to applicable
law.

(q) If
a cheque for an amount payable under article 4.1(l) is not presented for payment for at least
eleven (11) calendar months after issue or an amount is held in an account under articles
4.1(n) or 4.1(o) for at least eleven (11) calendar months, the Board may stop payment on
the cheque and invest or otherwise make use of the amount for the benefit of the Company
until claimed or otherwise disposed of according to applicable law.

(r) A
dividend that remains unclaimed for a period of ten (10) years after it became due for payment
shall be forfeited to, and shall cease to remain owing by, the Company.

(s) Provided
the directors act reasonably and in accordance with the Companies Law, they shall not incur
any personal liability to the holders of

15

shares
conferring a preference for any damage that they may suffer by reason of the payment of an interim dividend on any shares having deferred
or non-preferred rights.

4.2 Capitalising
profits

(a) Subject
to:

(1) any
rights or restrictions attached to any shares or class of shares; and

(2) any
special resolution of the Company;

the
Board may capitalise and distribute to members, in the same proportions as the members are entitled to receive dividends, any amount:

(3) forming
part of the undivided profits of the Company;

(4) representing
profits arising from an ascertained accretion to capital or a revaluation of the assets of
the Company;

(5) arising
from the realisation of any assets of the Company; or

(6) otherwise
available for distribution as a dividend.

(b) The
Board may resolve that all or any part of the capitalised amount is to be applied:

(1) in
paying up in full, at an issue price decided by the Board, any unissued shares in or other
securities of the Company;

(2) in
paying up any amounts unpaid on shares or other securities held by the members;

(3) partly
as specified in article 4.2(b)(1) and partly as specified in article 4.2(b)(2); or

(4) any
other method permitted by law.

The
members entitled to share in the distribution must accept that application in full satisfaction of their interest in the capitalised
amount.

(c) Articles
4.1(f), 4.1(g), 4.1(h), and 4.1(s) apply, so far as they can and with any necessary changes,
to capitalising an amount under this article 4.2 as if references in those articles to:

(1) a
dividend were references to capitalising an amount; and

(2) a
record date were references to the date the Board resolves to capitalise the amount under
this article 4.2.

(d) Where
the terms of options (existing at the date the resolution referred to in article 4.2(b) is
passed) entitle the holder to an issue of bonus shares under this article 4.2, the Board
may in determining the number of unissued shares to be so issued, allow in an appropriate
manner for the future issue of bonus shares to options holders.

4.3 Ancillary
powers

(a) To
give effect to any resolution to reduce the capital of the Company, to satisfy a dividend
as set out in article 4.1(i)(1) or to capitalise any amount under article 4.2, the Board
may settle as it thinks expedient any difficulty that arises in making the distribution or
capitalisation and, in particular:

(1) make
cash payments in cases where members are entitled to fractions of shares or other securities;

(2) decide
that amounts or fractions of less than a particular value decided by the Board may be disregarded
to adjust the rights of all parties;

(3) fix
the value for distribution of any specific assets;

(4) pay
cash or issue shares or other securities to any member to adjust the rights of all parties;

16

(5) vest
any of those specific assets, cash, shares or other securities in a trustee on trust for
the persons entitled to the distribution or capitalised amount; and

(6) authorise
any person to make, on behalf of all the members entitled to any specific assets, cash, shares
or other securities as a result of the distribution or capitalisation, an agreement with
the Company or another person which provides, as appropriate, for the distribution or issue
to them of shares or other securities credited as fully paid up or for payment by the Company
on their behalf of the amounts or any part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing
shares or other securities by applying their respective proportions of the amount resolved
to be distributed or capitalised.

(b) Any
agreement made under an authority referred to in article 4.3(a)(6) is effective and binds
all members concerned.

(c) If
a distribution, transfer or issue of specific assets, shares or securities to a particular
member or members is, in the Boards discretion, considered impracticable or would
give rise to parcels of securities that do not constitute a marketable parcel, the Board
may make a cash payment to those members or allocate the assets, shares or securities to
a trustee to be sold on behalf of, and for the benefit of, those members, instead of making
the distribution, transfer or issue to those members. Any proceeds receivable by members
under this article 4.3(c) will be net of expenses incurred by the Company and trustee in
selling the relevant assets, shares or securities.

(d) If
the Company distributes to members (either generally or to specific members) securities in
the Company or in another body corporate or trust (whether as a dividend or otherwise and
whether or not for value), each of those members appoints the Company as such members
agent to do anything needed to give effect to that distribution, including agreeing to become
a member of that other body corporate.

4.4 Reserves

(a) The
Board may set aside out of the Companys profits any reserves or provisions it decides.

(b) The
Board may appropriate to the Companys profits any amount previously set aside as a
reserve or provision.

(c) Setting
aside an amount as a reserve or provision does not require the Board to keep the amount separate
from the Companys other assets or prevent the amount being used in the Companys
business or being invested as the Board decides.

4.5 Carrying
forward profits

The
Board may carry forward any part of the profits remaining that they consider should not be distributed as dividends or capitalised, without
transferring those profits to a reserve or provision.

5 Transfer
of shares

5.1 Form
of transfer

(a) Subject
to the following articles about the transfer of shares, a member may transfer any certificated
shares or, Uncertificated shares in accordance with the CREST Order, to another person by
completing an instrument of transfer, in a common form or in a form approved by the directors,
executed:

(1) where
the shares are fully paid, by or on behalf of that member; and

(2) where
the shares are partly paid, by or on behalf of that member and the transferee.

17

(b) Subject
to the provisions of the CREST Order the transferor of a share is deemed to remain the holder
until the name of the transferee is entered in the register in respect of it.

5.2 Transfers
of uncertificated shares

(a) The
Company shall register the transfer of any shares held in Uncertificated form by means of
a relevant system in accordance with the Companies Law and the CREST Order and the rules
of the relevant system.

(b) The
Board may, in its absolute discretion, refuse to register any transfer of an Uncertificated
share where permitted by these articles, the Companies Law and the CREST Order.

5.3 Transfers
of certificated shares

Subject
to the Exemption Order:

(a) An
instrument of transfer of a certificated share may be in any usual form or in any other form
which the Board may approve and shall be signed by or on behalf of the transferor and (except
in the case of a fully paid share) by or on behalf of the transferee.

(b) The
Board may, in its absolute discretion, refuse to register any instrument of transfer of a
certificated share:

(1) which
is not fully paid up but, in the case of a class of shares which has been admitted to trading
on the Designated Stock Exchange, not so as to prevent dealings in those shares from taking
place on an open and proper basis;

(2) on
which the Company has a lien; or

(3) as
otherwise required by applicable law.

(c) The
Board may also refuse to register any instrument of transfer of a certificated share unless
it is:

(1) left
at the registered office of the Company, or at such other place as the Board may decide,
for registration;

(2) accompanied
by the certificate for the shares to be transferred and such other evidence (if any) as the
Board may reasonably require to prove the title of the intending transferor or his right
to transfer the shares; and

(3) in
respect of only one class of shares.

5.4 Power
to suspend registration

(a) The
Board may suspend registration of the transfer of shares at such times and for such periods
(not exceeding 30 days in any calendar year) as it determines.

(b) The
registration of transfers of shares or of transfers of any class of shares may be suspended
at such times and for such periods (not exceeding 30 days in any year) as the Board may determine
in its discretion. Unless otherwise permitted by the CREST Order, the Company may not close
any register relating to a participating security without the consent of the approved operator
of the relevant system.

5.5 Fee,
if any, payable for registration

(a) If
the Board so decides, the Company may charge a reasonable fee for the registration of any
instrument of transfer or other document relating to the title to a share.

5.6 Company
may retain instrument of transfer

18

(a) The
Company shall be entitled to retain any instrument of transfer which is registered; but an
instrument of transfer which the Board refuses to register shall be returned to the person
lodging it when notice of the refusal is given.

5.7 Transmission
of shares

(a) Subject
to article 5.7(c), where a member dies, the only persons the Company will recognise as having
any title to the members shares or any benefits accruing on those shares are:

(1) where
the deceased was a sole holder, the legal personal representative of the deceased; and

(2) where
the deceased was a joint holder, the survivor or survivors.

(b) Article
5.7(a) does not release the estate of a deceased member from any liability on a share, whether
that share was held by the deceased solely or jointly with other persons.

(c) The
Board may register a transfer of shares signed by a member before a Transmission Event even
though the Company has notice of the Transmission Event.

(d) A
person who becomes entitled to a share because of a Transmission Event may, on producing
such evidence as the Board requires to prove that persons entitlement to the share,
choose:

(1) to
be registered as the holder of the share by signing and giving the Company a written notice
stating that choice; or

(2) to
nominate some other person to be registered as the transferee of the share by executing or
effecting in some other way a transfer of the share to that other person.

(e) The
provisions of these articles concerning the right to transfer shares and the registration
of transfers of shares apply, so far as they can and with any necessary changes, to a notice
or transfer under article 5.7(d) as if the relevant Transmission Event had not occurred and
the notice or transfer were executed or effected by the registered holder of the share.

(f) Where
two (2) or more persons are jointly entitled to a share because of a Transmission Event they
will, on being registered as the holders of the share, be taken to hold the share as joint
tenants and article 2.13 will apply to them.

6 Disclosure
of interests

6.1 Tracing
notices

(a) The
Company may give notice to any person whom the Company knows or has reasonable cause to believe:

(1) to
hold an interest (as defined in article 6.2(i)(4)) in the Companys shares (of a class
of shares admitted to trading); or

(2) to
have held an interest in the Companys shares (of a class of shares admitted to trading)
at any time during the three (3) years immediately preceding the date on which on which the
notice is issued.

(b) The
notice may require the person:

(1) to
confirm that such person holds such an interest in the Companys shares or (as the
case may be) to state whether or not it is the case, and

(2) if
such person holds, or has during that time held, any such interest, to give such further
information as may be required in accordance with the following provisions of this article
6.1.

(c) The
notice may require the person to whom it is addressed to give particulars of the persons
own present or past interest in the Companys shares held by such person at any time
during the three (3) year period mentioned above.

(d) The
notice may require the person to whom it is addressed, where:

19

(1) such
persons interest is a present interest and another interest in the shares subsists,
or

(2) another
interest in the shares subsisted during the three (3) year period mentioned above at a time
when such persons interest subsisted, to give, to the best of such person's knowledge,
such particulars with respect to that other interest as are required by the notice.

(e) The
particulars referred to in articles 6.1(c) and 6.1(d) include:

(1) the
identity of any person who holds an interest in the shares in question; and

(2) the
terms of any agreement or arrangement to which any person who holds an interest in such shares
is or was party:

(A) relating
to the exercise of any right conferred by the shares or the acquisition of any interest in
the shares; or

(B) which
constitutes a Derivative Security.

(f) The
notice may require the person to whom it is addressed, where the person's interest is a past
interest, to give (to the best of such persons knowledge) particulars of the identity
of the person who held that interest immediately upon the person ceasing to hold it.

(g) The
information required by the notice must be given within such reasonable time as may be specified
in the notice.

6.2 Failure
to Respond

(a) If
a member, or any other person appearing to have an interest in shares held by that member,
has been given a notice under article 6.1 and has failed in relation to any shares (the Default
Shares) to give the Company the information thereby required within three (3) Business
Days from the time reasonably specified in the notice, the following sanctions shall apply,
unless the Board otherwise determines in relation to the Default Shares:

(1) the
member shall not be entitled in respect of the Default Shares to be present or to vote (either
in person or by representative or proxy) at any general meeting or at any separate meeting
of the holders of any class of shares or on any poll, or to exercise any other right conferred
by membership in respect of the Default Shares in relation to any such meeting or poll;

(2) any
dividend (or other distribution) payable in respect of the Default Shares shall be withheld
by the Company (without interest) and the member shall not be entitled to elect to receive
shares instead of any such dividend (or other distribution); and

(3) no
transfer, other than an excepted transfer, of any shares held by the member may be registered
unless:

(i) the
member is not in default as regards supplying the information required; and

(ii) the
member proves to the satisfaction of the Board that no person in default as regards supplying
such information has an interest in any of the shares the subject of the transfer.

(b) In
support of article 6.2(a), the Board may, at any time while sanctions under article 6.2(a)
apply in relation to any shares, effect a transfer of the shares (or any interest in them)
in favour of such nominee as specified by the Board.

(c) Where
any person appearing to have an interest in the Default Shares has been duly served with
a notice or copy thereof and the Default Shares which are the subject of such notice are
held by a person holding shares or rights or interests in shares in the Company on a nominee
basis who has been determined by the Company to be an approved nominee (an Approved Nominee):

(1) the
provisions of this article 6 shall be treated as applying only to such Default Shares held
by the Approved Nominee and not (insofar as such persons apparent interest is concerned)
to any

20

other
shares held by the Approved Nominee; and

(2) where
the member upon whom a default notice is served is an Approved Nominee acting in its capacity
as such, the obligations of the Approved Nominee as a member of the Company are limited to
disclosing to the Company such information as is known to it relating to any person appearing
to have an interest in the shares held by it.

(d) Where
the sanctions under article 6.2(a) apply in relation to any shares, they shall cease to have
effect at the end of the period of seven (7) days (or such shorter period as the Board may
determine) following the earlier of:

(1) receipt
by the Company of the information required by the notice mentioned in that article; and

(2) receipt
by the Company of notice that the shares have been transferred by means of an excepted transfer.

(e) The
Board may in its absolute discretion suspend or cancel any of the sanctions at any time in
relation to any Default Shares.

(f) Upon
sanctions ceasing to have effect in relation to any shares, any dividend withheld in respect
of the shares must be paid to the relevant member and, if the Board has effected a transfer
under article 6.2(b), the shares must be transferred back to the previous holder.

(g) Any
new shares in the Company issued in right of Default Shares shall be subject to the same
sanctions as apply to the Default Shares, and the Board may make any right to an allotment
of the new shares subject to sanctions corresponding to those which will apply to those shares
on issue, provided that:

(1) any
sanctions applying to, or to a right to, new shares by virtue of this article 6.2 shall cease
to have effect when the sanctions applying to the related Default Shares cease to have effect
(and shall be suspended or cancelled if and to the extent that the sanctions applying to
the related Default Shares are suspended or cancelled); and

(2) article
6.2(a) shall apply to the exclusion of this article 6.2(g) if the Company gives a separate
notice under article 6.1 in relation to the new shares.

(h) Where,
on the basis of information obtained from a member in respect of any shares held by such
member, the Company gives a notice under article 6.1 to any other person, it shall at the
same time send a copy of the notice to the member. The accidental omission to do so, or the
non-receipt by the member of the copy, shall, however, not invalidate or otherwise affect
the application of article 6.2.

(i) For
the purposes of articles 6.1 and 6.2:

(1) an
excepted transfer means, in relation to any shares held by a member:

(A) a
transfer pursuant to acceptance of a takeover offer (within the meaning of article 116 of
the Companies Law) in respect of shares in the Company;

(B) a
transfer in consequence of a sale made through any stock exchange on which the shares are
normally traded; or

(C) a
transfer which is shown to the satisfaction of the Board to be made in consequence of a sale
of the whole of the beneficial interest in the shares to a person who is unconnected with
the member and with any other person appearing to be interested in the shares;

(3) a
person, other than the member holding a share, will be treated as appearing to have an interest
in such share if the member has informed the Company that the person has, or might have,
an interest in such share, or if the Company (after taking account of any information obtained
from the member or, pursuant to a notice under article 6.1, from anyone else) knows or has
reasonable

21

cause
to believe that the person has, or may have, an interest in such share;

(4) a
person shall be treated as having an interest in the Companys shares if, for
the purposes of sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act, the person would be deemed
to constitute a beneficial owner of the share (which shall include holding a CDI); and

(5) reference
to a person having failed to give the Company the information required by a notice, includes
reference to:

(A) the
person having failed or refused to give all or any part of it;

(B) the
person having given any information which the person knows to be false in a material particular
or having recklessly given information which is false in a material particular; and

(C) the
Company knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that any of the information provided
is false or materially incorrect.

(e) Nothing
in article 6.2 limits the powers of the Company under article 6.1 or any other powers of
the Company whatsoever.

7 General
meetings

7.1 Calling
general meetings

(a) A
general meeting may only be called:

(1) by
a Board resolution; or

(2) as
otherwise required by the Companies Law.

(b) The
Board may, by public announcement, change the venue for, postpone or cancel a general meeting,
but:

(1) a
meeting that is called in accordance with a members requisition under the Companies
Law; or

(2) any
other meeting that is not called by a Board resolution,

may
not be postponed or cancelled without the prior written consent of the persons who called or requisitioned the meeting.

(c) At
an annual general meeting, only such nominations of persons for election to the Board shall
be considered and such other business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought
before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual general meeting, nominations
and other business must be a proper matter for member action and must be:

(1) specified
in the notice of general meeting given by or at the direction of the Board in accordance
with article 7.2;

(2) brought
before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board or a duly authorised committee thereof;
or

(3) otherwise
properly brought before the meeting by a member who:

(A) is
a member of record of the Company (and, with respect to any beneficial owner, if different,
on whose behalf such business is proposed or such nomination(s) are made, only if such beneficial
owner is the beneficial owner of shares of the Company) both at the time the notice provided
for in article 7.3 is delivered to the general counsel of the Company and on the record date
for the determination of members entitled to vote at the general meeting,

(B) is
entitled to vote at the meeting, and

(C) complies
with the procedures and requirements set forth in article 7.3.

22

(d) Except
as otherwise provided by the Companies Law, at an extraordinary general meeting, only such
business may be conducted as is a proper matter for member action and as shall have been
brought before the meeting pursuant to the notice of general meeting given by or at the direction
of the Board in accordance with article 7.2. Nothing contained herein shall prohibit the
Board from submitting matters to the members at any extraordinary general meeting requested
by members.

(e) Further,
if the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such extraordinary general
meeting, then nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made:

(1) by
or at the direction of the Board or by the general counsel; or

(2) by
any member of the Company who satisfies each of the requirements set forth in subclauses
(A), (B) and (C) of article 7.1(c)(3) above.

7.2 Notice
of general meetings

(a) Subject
to the rules of any Designated Stock Exchange (including any rules relating to the settlement
of transfers of securities), notice of a general meeting must be given to each person who
at the time of giving the notice:

(1) is
a member or auditor of the Company; or

(2) is
entitled to a share because of a Transmission Event and has provided evidence of such entitlement
that is satisfactory to the Board.

(b) The
annual general meeting shall be designated as such and all other general meetings shall be
designated extraordinary general meetings.

(c) The
content of a notice of a general meeting called by the Board is to be decided by the Board,
but it must state the general nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting and
any other matters required by the Companies Law.

(d) Except
with the approval of the Board or the chairperson, no person may move any amendment to a
proposed resolution or to a document that relates to such a resolution.

(e) A
person may waive notice of any general meeting by written notice to the Company.

(f) Failure
to give a member or any other person notice of a general meeting or a proxy form does not
invalidate anything done or any resolution passed at the general meeting if:

(1) the
failure occurred by accident or inadvertent error;

(2) before
or after the meeting, the person notifies the Company of the persons agreement to
that thing or resolution; or

(3) such
failure is waived in accordance with article 7.2(g).

(g) A
persons attendance at a general meeting waives any objection that person may have
to:

(1) a
failure to give notice, or the giving of a defective notice, of the meeting unless the person
at the beginning of the meeting objects to the holding of the meeting; and

(2) the
consideration of a particular matter at the meeting which is not within the business referred
to in the notice of the meeting, unless the person objects to considering the matter when
it is presented.

7.3 Nominations
and Proposals by Members

(a) For
nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual general meeting by
a member in accordance with article 7.1(c)(3), the member must have given timely notice thereof
in writing and in proper form to the general counsel of the Company even if such matter is
already the subject of any notice to the members or public announcement from the Board.

23

(b) To
be timely in the case of an annual general meeting, a members notice must be delivered
to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Company or such other
place designated by the Company for such purposes, not later than the close of business on
the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth
(120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual general meeting
(provided, however, that in the event that there was no annual general meeting in the prior
year or the date of the annual general meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more
than ninety (90) days after such anniversary date, notice by the member must be so delivered
not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to
such annual general meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the
ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual general meeting or the tenth (10th) day following
the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Company).

(c) In
the event the Company calls an extraordinary general meeting for the purpose of electing
one or more directors to the Board, any member who is (i) a member of record of the Company
(and, with respect to any beneficial owner, if different, on whose behalf such nomination(s)
are made, only if such beneficial owner is the beneficial owner of shares of the Company)
both at the time the notice provided for in article 7.3 is delivered to the general counsel
of the Company and on the record date for the determination of members entitled to vote at
the extraordinary general meeting and (ii) entitled to vote in such election of directors
may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as
specified in the Companys notice of general meeting, if the member complies with the
procedures and requirements set forth in this article 7.3. To be timely, such
notice shall be delivered to the Companys general counsel at the principal executive
offices of the Company not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth
(120th) day prior to such extraordinary general meeting and not later than the close of business
on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such extraordinary general meeting or the
tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date
of the extraordinary general meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected
at such meeting.

(d) In
no event shall any adjournment, deferral or postponement of a general meeting or the public
announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving
of a members notice as described in these articles.

(e) The
number of nominees a member may nominate for election at a general meeting shall not exceed
the number of directors to be elected at such general meeting, and for the avoidance of doubt,
no member shall be entitled to make additional or substitute nominations following the expiration
of the applicable time periods.

(f) A
members notice providing for the nomination of persons for election to the Board or
other business proposed to be brought before a general meeting shall set out, as to the member
giving the notice the following information, in each case as of the date of such members
notice:

(1) the
name and address of such member, as they appear on the Companys books, and of each
of its Member Associated Persons;

(2) the
class or series and number of shares of the Company which are, directly or indirectly, beneficially
owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) (provided that a person shall
in all events be deemed to beneficially own any shares of any class or series and number
of shares of the Company as to which such person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership
at any time in the future) and owned of record by such member or any of its Member Associated
Persons;

(3) the
class or series, if any, and number of options, warrants, puts, calls, convertible securities,
stock appreciation rights, or similar rights, obligations or commitments with an exercise
or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class
or series of shares or other securities of the Company or with a value derived in whole or
in part from the value of any class or series of

24

shares
or other securities of the Company, whether or not such instrument, right, obligation or commitment shall be subject to settlement in
the underlying class or series of shares or other securities of the Company (each a Derivative Security), which
are, directly or indirectly, beneficially owned by such member or any of its Member Associated Persons;

(4) any
agreement, arrangement, understanding, or relationship, including any repurchase or similar
so-called stock borrowing agreement or arrangement, engaged in, directly or
indirectly, by such member or any of its Member Associated Persons, the purpose or effect
of which is to mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk (of ownership or otherwise) of
any class or series of shares or other securities of the Company by, manage the risk of share
price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such member or Member Associated
Person with respect to any class or series of shares or other securities of the Company,
or that provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit from any decrease in
the price or value of any class or series or shares or other securities of the Company;

(5) a
complete and accurate description of any performance-related fees (other than asset-based
fees) to which such member or any Member Associated Person may be entitled as a result of
any increase or decrease in the value of the Companys securities or any Derivative
Securities, including any such fees to which members of any Member Associated Persons
immediate family sharing the same household may be entitled;

(6) a
description of any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit
(including any performance-based fees) derived from any increase or decrease in the value
of shares or other securities of the Company that such member or any of its Member Associated
Persons has;

(7) any
proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such member
or any of its Member Associated Persons has a right to vote any shares or other securities
of the Company;

(8) any
direct or indirect interest of such member or any of its Member Associated Persons in any
contract with the Company, any affiliate of the Company or any principal competitor of the
Company (a list of which will be provided by the Company following a written request therefor
by the member to the general counsel of the Company) (including, without limitation, any
employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement);

(9) any
rights to dividends on the shares of the Company owned beneficially by such member or any
of its Member Associated Persons that are separated or separable from the underlying shares
of the Company;

(10) any
proportionate interest in shares of the Company or Derivative Securities held, directly or
indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such member or any of its Member
Associated Persons is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an
interest in a general partner, if any;

(11) a
description of all agreements, arrangements, and understandings between such member or any
of its Member Associated Persons and any other person(s) (including their name(s)) in connection
with or related to the ownership or voting of shares of the Company or Derivative Securities;

(12) all
other information relating to such member or any of its Member Associated Persons that would
be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in
connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, such business or the election
of directors in a contested election pursuant to section 14 of

25

the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder;

(13) all
other information that, as of the date of the notice, would be required to be included in
a filing with respect to the Company on Schedule 13D (including the exhibits thereto) under
the Exchange Act (or any successor provision thereto) by such member or the beneficial owner,
if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made;

(14) the
identification of the names and addresses of other members (including beneficial owners)
known by such member to support the nomination(s) or other business proposal(s) submitted
by such member and, to the extent known, the class and number of all shares of the Company
owned beneficially or of record by such other members(s) or other beneficial owner(s);

(15) a
statement as to whether either such member or any of its Member Associated Persons intends
to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the
Companys voting shares required under applicable law to elect such members
nominees and/or approve such proposal (as applicable) and/or otherwise to solicit proxies
from the members in support of such nomination or proposal (as applicable) and/or solicit
the holders of shares in support of director nominees other than the Companys nominees
pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act; and

(16) a
representation that the member is a holder of record or a beneficial owner of shares of the
Company entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy, attorney
or Representative at the meeting to propose such nomination and/or other business (as applicable).

(g) A
members notice providing for the nomination of persons for election to the Board shall,
in addition to the information required by clause (f) above, set out, as to each person whom
the member proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director:

(1) such
persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to
serving as a director if elected;

(2) a
description of all direct and indirect compensation and other agreements, arrangements and
understandings, and any other material relationships, between or among such member or any
of its Member Associated Persons, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee or its affiliates
or associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including all information
that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 promulgated under Regulation
S-K if the member making the nomination or any of its Member Associated Persons were the
registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive
officer of such registrant or such Member Associated Person;

(3) a
completed and signed questionnaire regarding the background and qualifications of such person
to serve as a director, in a form to be provided by the Company after receiving a request
by such member to the general counsel of the Company;

(4) all
information with respect to such person that would be required to be set forth in a members
notice pursuant to this article 7.3 if such person were a member or beneficial owner, on
whose behalf the nomination was made, submitting a notice providing for the nomination of
a person or persons for election as a director or directors of the Company in accordance
with this article 7.3;

(5) such
persons written representation and agreement (in a form to be provided by the Company
after receiving a request by such member to the general counsel of the Company):

(A) that
such person is not and will not become party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity

26

as
to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment)
that has not been disclosed to the Company or any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such persons ability to
comply, if elected as a director of the Company, with such persons fiduciary duties under applicable law,

(B) that
such person is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding
with any person or entity other than the Company with respect to any direct or indirect compensation,
reimbursement, or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that
has not been disclosed to the Company,

(C) that
such person would, if elected as a director, comply with all of the Companys corporate
governance, ethics, conflict of interest, confidentiality and share ownership and trading
policies and guidelines applicable generally to the Companys directors (such policies
and guidelines to be provided by the Company upon written request to the general counsel
of the Company);

(D) that
such person will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with
the Company and its members that are or will be true and correct and that do not and will
not omit to state any fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; and

(E) that
such person will tender his or her resignation as a director of the Company if the Board
determines that such person failed to comply with the provisions of such representation and
agreement in any material respect, provides such person notice of any such determination
and, if such non-compliance may be cured, such person fails to cure such non-compliance within
ten (10) Business Days after delivery of such notice to such person; and

(6) all
other information relating to such person or such persons associates that would be
required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made by such
member or any Member Associated Person in connection with the solicitation of proxies for
the election of directors in a contested election or otherwise required pursuant to Section
14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(h) A
members notice regarding business proposed to be brought before a general meeting
other than the nomination of persons for election to the Board shall, in addition to the
information required by clause (f) above, set out:

(1) a
brief description of:

(A) the
business desired to be brought before such meeting, including the text of any resolution
proposed for consideration by the members;

(B) the
reasons for conducting such business at the meeting; and

(C) any material
interest of such member or any of its Member Associated Persons in such business, including
a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such member or Member
Associated Person and any other person(s) (including the name(s) of such other person(s))
in connection with or related to the proposal of such business by the member, and

(2) if
the matter such member proposes to bring before any general meeting involves an amendment
to the Companys memorandum or articles of association, the specific wording of such
proposed

27

amendment.

(i) The
foregoing notice requirements shall be deemed satisfied with respect to any proposal submitted
pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) promulgated under the Exchange Act if a
member has notified the Company of its intention to present such proposal at an annual general
meeting in compliance with such rule and such members proposal has been included in
a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Company to solicit proxies for such annual
general meeting.

(j) For
purposes of this article 7.3, the term associate shall be as defined in Rule 12b-2
under the Exchange Act.

(k) For
purposes of this article 7.3, a Member Associated Person of any member submitting
a proposal or nomination pursuant to this article 7 means:

(1) any
beneficial owner of shares of the Company on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made
by such member;

(2) any
affiliate or associate of such member or such beneficial owner described in clause (1);

(3) any
person or entity who is a member of a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5
under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision at law)) with, or any person acting in
concert in respect of any matter involving the Company or its securities with, either such
member or such beneficial owner described in clause (1);

(4) any
member of the immediate family of
such member or such beneficial owner described in clause (1);

(5) any
participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule
14A) with such member, such beneficial owner described in clause (1) or any other Member
Associated Person with respect to any proposed business or nominations, as applicable; and

(6) each
person whom the member proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director.

(l) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of these articles, a member shall also comply with all applicable
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to
the matters set forth in this article 7.3, including Rule 14a-19.

(m) Nothing
in this article 7.3 shall be deemed to:

(1) affect
any rights of members to request inclusion of proposals in the Companys proxy statement
pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act (including,
without limitation, Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act);

(2) confer
upon any member a right to have a nominee or any proposed business included in the Companys
proxy statement; or

(3) affect
any rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred shares to elect directors pursuant
to any applicable provisions of these articles.

(n) The
Board may require any proposed nominee to submit to interviews with the Board or any committee
thereof, and such proposed nominee shall make himself or herself available for any such interviews
within ten (10) days following such request.

(o) The
member providing notice pursuant to this section shall confirm or update the information
contained in such members notice, if necessary, (x) not later than ten (10) days after
the record date for the notice of the meeting so that such information is true and correct
as of the record date for the notice of the meeting, and (y) not later than eight (8) Business
Days before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof so that such information
is true and correct as of the date that is ten (10) Business Days before the meeting or any
adjournment or postponement thereof (or if not practicable to provide such updated information
not later than eight (8) Business Days before any adjournment or postponement, on the first
practicable date before any such

28

adjournment
or postponement). For the avoidance of doubt, any information provided pursuant to this article 7.3(o) shall not be deemed to cure any
deficiencies or inaccuracies in a notice previously delivered pursuant to this article 7.3 and shall not extend the time period for the
delivery of notice pursuant to this article 7.3. If a member fails to provide such written update within such period, the information
as to which such written update relates may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this article 7.3.

(p) If
any information submitted pursuant to this article 7.3 by any member shall be inaccurate
in any material respect (as determined by the Board or a committee thereof), such information
shall be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this article 7.3. Any
member providing notice pursuant to this article 7.3 shall notify the general counsel of
the Company in writing at the principal executive offices of the Company of any inaccuracy
or change in any information submitted pursuant to this article 7.3 (including if any member
or any Member Associated Person no longer intends to solicit proxies from the Companys
members) within two (2) Business Days after becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change,
and any such notification shall clearly identify the inaccuracy or change, it being understood
that no such notification may cure any deficiencies or inaccuracies with respect to any prior
submission by such member. Upon written request of the general counsel of the Company on
behalf of the Board (or a duly authorized committee thereof), any such member shall provide,
within seven (7) Business Days after delivery of such request (or such other period as may
be specified in such request), (A) written verification, reasonably satisfactory to the Board,
any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Company, to demonstrate the accuracy
of any information submitted by such member pursuant to this article 7.3 and (B) a written
affirmation of any information submitted by such member pursuant to this article 7.3 as of
an earlier date. If a member fails to provide such written verification or affirmation within
such period, the information as to which written verification or affirmation was requested
may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this article 7.3.

(q) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this article 7.3, if the member (or a qualified representative
of the member) does not appear at the general meeting of the Company to present a nomination
or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business must
not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received
by the Company.

(r) For
purposes of this article 7.3, to be considered a qualified representative of the member,
a person must be a duly authorised officer, manager or partner of such member or must be
authorised by a writing executed by such member or an electronic transmission delivered by
such member to act for such member as proxy at the general meeting and such person
must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing
or electronic transmission, at the general meeting.

(s) Any
member and each of its Member Associated Persons soliciting proxies from other members must
use a proxy card color other than white, which color shall be reserved for the exclusive
use of the Board.

(t) The
chairperson of the Board shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination
or any business proposed to be brought before a general meeting was made or proposed in accordance
with the procedures set forth in article 7.3 (including whether the member or beneficial
owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (or is part of a group
which solicited) did or did not so solicit, as the case may be, proxies or votes in support
of such members nominee or proposal in compliance with such members representation
as required by article 7.3(f)) and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance
with article 7.3, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded.

(u) Notwithstanding
the foregoing
provisions of this article 7.3, unless otherwise required by law, if (x) any member or Member
Associated Person provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act with
respect to any proposed nominee and (y) such member or Member Associated Person subsequently
notifies the Company that it no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of the election
or re-election of such proposed nominees in

29

accordance
with Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act or fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the
Exchange Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Company that such member or Member Associated
Person has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence) and (2) no other
member or Member Associated Person has provided notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act with respect to such proposed
nominee and has complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act (or has failed to timely
provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Company that such member or Member Associated Person has met the requirements of
Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence), then the nomination of each such proposed nominee
shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received
by the Company (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). Upon request by the Company, if any member provides notice pursuant to
Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act, such member shall deliver to the Company, no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable
meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act.

7.4 Record
time for members

(a) For
the purpose of determining whether a person is entitled as a member to receive notice of,
attend or vote at a meeting and how many votes such person may cast, the Company may specify
in the notice of the meeting a date (the Record Time), not more than sixty (60) days
nor less than ten (10) days before the date fixed for the meeting, as the date for the determination
of the members entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at the meeting or to appoint
a proxy to do so.

(b) Changes
to the entries in the register of members of the Company after the Record Time shall be disregarded
in determining the rights of any person to receive notice of, attend or vote at such meeting.

(c) The
Record Time applies to any adjournment or postponement of the meeting, unless the Company
determines a new record time for the adjourned or postponed meeting.

7.5 Admission
to general meetings

(a) The
chairperson of a general meeting may take any action he or she considers appropriate for
the safety of persons attending the meeting and the orderly conduct of the meeting and may
refuse admission to, or require to leave and remain out of, the meeting any person:

(1) in
possession of a pictorial-recording or sound-recording device;

(2) in
possession of a placard or banner;

(3) in
possession of an article considered by the chairperson to be dangerous, offensive or liable
to cause disruption;

(4) who
refuses to produce or permit examination of any article, or the

contents
of any article, in the persons possession;

(5) who
refuses to comply with a request to turn off a mobile telephone, personal communication device
or similar device;

(6) who
behaves or threatens to behave or who the chairperson has reasonable grounds to believe may
behave in a dangerous, offensive or disruptive way; or

(7) who
is not entitled to receive notice of the meeting.

The
chairperson may delegate the powers conferred by this article to any person he or she thinks fit.

(b) A
person, whether a member or not, requested by the Board or the chairperson to attend a general
meeting is entitled to be present and, at the request of the

30

chairperson,
to speak at the meeting.

(c) If
the chairperson of a general meeting considers that there is not enough room for the members
who wish to attend the meeting, he or she may arrange for any person whom he or she considers
cannot be seated in the main meeting room to observe or attend the general meeting in a separate
room. Even if the members present in the separate room are not able to participate in the
conduct of the meeting, the meeting will nevertheless be treated as validly held in the main
room.

(d) A
separate meeting place may be linked to the main place of a general meeting by an instantaneous
audio-visual communication device which, by itself or in conjunction with other arrangements:

(1) gives
the member or general body of members in the separate meeting place a reasonable opportunity
to participate in proceedings in the main place;

(2) enables
the chairperson to be aware of proceedings in the other place; and

(3) enables
the member or members in the separate meeting place to vote on a poll,

a
member present at the separate meeting place is taken to be present at the general meeting and entitled to exercise all rights as if
he or she was present at the main place. For the avoidance of doubt, this article 7.5(d) permits the Company, to the extent the Company
determines, to treat members to be present at, and allow them to participate in, a general meeting where they participate online or otherwise
through the use of an audio-visual communication device, including by giving electronic instructions to the Company.

(e) If,
before or during the meeting, any technical difficulty occurs where one or more of the matters
set out in article 7.5(d) is not satisfied, the chairperson may:

(1) adjourn
the meeting until the difficulty is remedied; or

(2) continue
to hold the meeting in the main place (and any other place which is linked under article
7.5(d)) and transact business, and no member may object to the meeting being held or continuing.

(f) Nothing
in this article 7.5 or in article 7.8 is to be taken to limit the powers conferred on the
chairperson by law.

7.6 Quorum
at general meetings

(a) No
business may be transacted at a general meeting, except the election of a chairperson and
the adjournment of the meeting, unless a quorum of members is present when the meeting proceeds
to business.

(b) A
quorum is persons holding or representing by proxy, attorney or Representative at least a
majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote at such meeting.

(c) If
a quorum is not present within thirty (30) minutes after the time appointed for the general
meeting:

(1) where
the meeting was called at the request of members, the meeting must be dissolved; or

(2) in
any other case, the meeting stands adjourned to the day, time and place the directors present
decide or, if they do not make a decision, to the same day in the next week at the same time
and place and if a quorum is not present at the adjourned meeting within thirty (30) minutes
after the time appointed for the meeting, the meeting must be dissolved.

7.7 Chairperson
of general meetings

(a) The
chairperson of the Board or, in the absence of the chairperson, the deputy

31

chairperson
of the Board, the chief executive officer of the Company or any such other person as the chairperson, deputy chairperson or chief executive
officer may appoint, is entitled, if present within fifteen (15) minutes after the time appointed for a general meeting and willing to
act, to preside as chairperson at the meeting.

(b) The
directors present may choose any officer or director of the Company to preside as chairperson
if, at a general meeting, the chairperson, deputy chairperson or chief executive officer
is not present within fifteen (15) minutes after the time appointed for the meeting and another
person has not otherwise been appointed pursuant to article 7.7(a).

(c) If
the directors do not choose a chairperson under article 7.7(b), the members present must
elect as chairperson of the meeting:

(1) another
director who is present and willing to act; or

(2) if
no other director is present and willing to act, a member or officer of the Company who is
present and willing to act.

(d) A
chairperson of a general meeting may, for any item of business or discrete part of the meeting,
vacate the chair in favour of another person nominated by him or her (Acting Chairperson).
Where an instrument of proxy appoints the chairperson as proxy for part of the proceedings
for which an Acting Chairperson has been nominated, the instrument of proxy is taken to be
in favour of the Acting Chairperson for the relevant part of the proceedings.

(e) Wherever
the term chairperson is used in this article 7, it is to be read as a reference
to the chairperson of the general meeting, unless the context indicates otherwise.

7.8 Conduct
at general meetings

(a) Subject
to the provisions of the Companies Law, the chairperson is responsible for the general conduct
of the meeting and for the procedures to be adopted at the meeting.

(b) The
chairperson may, at any time the chairperson considers it necessary or desirable for the
efficient and orderly conduct of the meeting:

(1) impose
a limit on the time that a person may speak on each motion or other item of business and
terminate debate or discussion on any business, question, motion or resolution being considered
by the meeting and require the business, question, motion or resolution to be put to a vote
of the members present;

(2) adopt
any procedures for casting or recording votes at the meeting whether on a show of hands or
on a poll, including the appointment of scrutineers; and

(3) decide
not to put to the meeting any resolution proposed in the notice convening the meeting (other
than a resolution proposed by members in accordance with the Companies Law or required by
the Companies Law to be put to the meeting).

(c) A
decision by a chairperson under articles 7.8(a) or 7.8(b) is final.

(d) Subject
to article 7.1(b), whether or not a quorum is present, the chairperson may postpone the meeting
before it has started if, at the time and place appointed for the meeting, he or she considers
that:

(1) there
is not enough room for the number of members who wish to attend the meeting; or

(2) a
postponement is necessary in light of the behaviour of persons present or for any other reason
so that the business of the meeting can be properly carried out.

(e) A
postponement under article 7.8(d) will be to another time, which may be on the same day as
the meeting, and may be to another place (and the new time and place will be taken to be
the time and place for the meeting as if specified in the notice that called the meeting
originally).

(f) Subject
to article 7.1(b), the chairperson may at any time during the course of

32

the
meeting:

(1) adjourn
the meeting or any business, motion, question or resolution being considered or remaining
to be considered by the meeting either to a later time at the same meeting or to an adjourned
meeting; and

(2) for
the purpose of allowing any poll to be taken or determined, suspend the proceedings of the
meeting for such period or periods as he or she decides without effecting an adjournment.
No business may be transacted and no discussion may take place during any suspension of proceedings
unless the chairperson otherwise allows.

(g) The
chairpersons rights under articles 7.8(d) and 7.8(f) are exclusive and, unless the
chairperson requires otherwise, no vote may be taken or demanded by the members present concerning
any postponement, adjournment or suspension of proceedings.

(h) Only
unfinished business may be transacted at a meeting resumed after an adjournment.

(i) Where
a meeting is postponed or adjourned under this article 7.8, notice of the postponed or adjourned
meeting must be given by public announcement, but need not be given to any other person.

(j) Where
a meeting is postponed or adjourned, the Board may, by public announcement, postpone, cancel
or change the place of the postponed or adjourned meeting.

7.9 Decisions
at general meetings

(a) Except
where a special resolution or another percentage is required, questions arising at a general
meeting must be decided by a majority of votes cast by the members present at the meeting.
A decision made in this way is for all purposes, a decision of the members.

(b) If
the votes are equal on a proposed resolution, the chairperson of the meeting has a casting
vote, in addition to any deliberative vote.

(c) Each
matter submitted to a general meeting is to be decided on a poll.

(d) A
poll at a general meeting must be taken in the way and at the time the chairperson directs.
The result of the poll as declared by the chairperson is the resolution of the meeting at
which the poll was demanded.

7.10 Voting
rights

(a) Subject
to these articles and the Companies Law and to any rights or restrictions attached to any
shares or class of shares, at a general meeting, every member present has one vote for each
share held as at the Record Time by the member entitling the member to vote, except for partly
paid shares, each of which confers only the fraction of one vote which the amount paid (not
credited) on the share bears to the total amounts paid and payable (excluding amounts credited)
on the share. An amount paid in advance of a call is disregarded for this purpose.

(b) A
joint holder may vote at a meeting either personally or by proxy, attorney or Representative
as if that person was the sole holder. If more than one joint holder tenders a vote in respect
of the relevant shares, the vote of the holder named first in the register who tenders a
vote, whether in person or by proxy, attorney or Representative, must be accepted to the
exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders.

(c) The
parent or guardian of an infant member may vote at any general meeting on such evidence being
produced of the relationship or of the appointment of the guardian as the Board may require
and any vote so tendered by a parent or guardian of an infant member must be accepted to
the exclusion of the vote of the infant member.

(d) A
person entitled to a share because of a Transmission Event may vote at a general meeting
in respect of that share in the same way as if that person were the registered holder of
the share if, at least forty-eight (48) hours before the meeting (or such shorter time as
the Board determines), the Board:

33

(1) admitted
that persons right to vote at that meeting in respect of the share; or

(2) was
satisfied of that persons right to be registered as the holder of, or to transfer,
the share.

Any
vote duly tendered by that person must be accepted and the vote of the registered holder of those shares must not be counted.

(e) Where
a member holds a share on which a call or other amount payable to the Company has not been
duly paid:

(1) that
member is only entitled to be present at a general meeting and vote if that member holds,
as at the Record Time, other shares on which no money is then due and payable; and

(2) on
a poll, that member is not entitled to vote in respect of that share but may vote in respect
of any shares that member holds, as at the Record Time, on which no money is then due and
payable.

(f) A
member is not entitled to vote any particular shares on a resolution if, under the Companies
Law or the Listing Rules:

(1) the
member must not vote or must abstain from voting those particular shares on the resolution;
or

(2) a
vote of those particular shares on the resolution by the member must be disregarded for any
purposes.

If
the member or a person acting as proxy, attorney or Representative of the member does tender a vote of those particular shares on that
resolution, that vote must not be counted.

(g) An
objection to the validity of a vote tendered at a general meeting must be:

(1) raised
before or immediately after the result of the vote is declared; and

(2) referred
to the chairperson, whose decision is final.

(h) A
vote tendered, but not disallowed by the chairperson under article 7.10(g), is valid for
all purposes, even if it would not otherwise have been valid.

(i) The
chairperson may decide any difficulty or dispute which arises as to the number of votes that
may be cast by or on behalf of any member and the decision of the chairperson is final.

7.11 Representation
at general meetings

(a) Subject
to these articles, each member entitled to vote at a general meeting may vote:

(1) in
person or, where a member is a body corporate, by its Representative;

(2) by
proxy; or

(3) by
attorney.

A
member may appoint more than one proxy or attorney to attend and vote at a specific meeting, provided that each appointment relates to
a different share or shares held by that member.

(b) A
proxy, attorney or Representative may, but need not, be a member of the Company.

(c) An
instrument appointing a proxy is valid if it is in accordance with the Companies Law or in
any form approved by the Board.

(d) A
vote given in accordance with an instrument appointing a proxy or attorney is valid despite
the transfer of the share in respect of which the instrument was given if the transfer is
not registered by the time at which the instrument appointing the proxy or attorney is required
to be received under article 7.11(h).

(e) Unless
otherwise provided in the appointment of a proxy, attorney or Representative, an appointment
will be taken to confer authority:

34

(1) even
though the appointment may refer to specific resolutions and may direct the proxy, attorney
or Representative how to vote on those resolutions, to do any of the acts specified in article
7.11(f); and

(2) even
though the appointment may refer to a specific meeting to be held at a specified time or
venue, where the meeting is rescheduled, adjourned or postponed to another time or changed
to another venue, to attend and vote at the rescheduled, adjourned or postponed meeting or
at the new venue.

(f) The
acts referred to in article 7.11(e)(1) are:

(1) to
vote on any amendment moved to the proposed resolutions and on any motion that the proposed
resolutions not be put or any similar motion;

(2) to
vote on any motion before the general meeting, whether or not the motion is referred to in
the appointment; and

(3) to
act generally at the meeting (including to speak, demand a poll, join in demanding a poll
and to move motions).

(g) A
proxy form issued by the Company must allow for the insertion of the name of the person to
be primarily appointed as proxy and may provide that, in circumstances and on conditions
specified in the form that are not inconsistent with these articles, the chairperson of the
relevant meeting (or another person specified in the form) is appointed as proxy.

(h) A
proxy or attorney may not vote at a general meeting or adjourned or postponed meeting or
on a poll unless the instrument appointing the proxy or attorney, and the authority under
which the instrument is signed or a certified copy of the authority, are received by the
Company:

(1) at
least forty-eight (48) hours, or such lesser time as specified by the Board in the notice
of meeting, (or in the case of an adjournment or postponement of a meeting, any lesser time
that the Board or the chairperson of the meeting decides) before the time for holding the
meeting or adjourned or postponed meeting or taking the poll, as applicable; or

(2) where
article 7.11(i)(2) applies, such shorter period before the time for holding the meeting or
adjourned or postponed meeting or taking the poll, as applicable, as the Company determines
in its discretion.

A
document is received by the Company under this article 7.11(h) when it is received in accordance with the Companies Law, and to the extent
permitted by the Companies Law, if the document is produced or the transmission of the document is otherwise verified to the Company
in the way specified in the notice of meeting.

In
calculating time periods under this article, the Board may specify, in any case, that no account shall be taken of any part of a day
that is not a working day.

(i) Where
the Company receives an instrument appointing a proxy or attorney in accordance with this
article 7.11 and within the time period specified in article 7.11(h)(1), the Company is entitled
to:

(1) clarify
with the appointing member any instruction in relation to that instrument by written or verbal
communication and make any amendments to the instrument required to reflect any clarification;
and

(2) where
the Company considers that the instrument has not been duly executed, return the instrument
to the appointing member and request that the member duly execute the instrument and return
it to the Company within the period determined by the Company under article 7.11(h)(2) and
notified to the member.

(j) The
member is taken to have appointed the Company as its attorney for the purpose of any amendments
made to an instrument appointing a proxy in accordance with article 7.11(i)(1). An instrument
appointing a proxy or attorney which is received by the Company in accordance with article
7.11(i)(2) is taken to have been validly received by the Company.

35

(k) The
appointment of a proxy or attorney is not revoked by the appointor attending and taking part
in the general meeting, but if the appointor votes on a resolution, the proxy or attorney
is not entitled to vote, and must not vote, as the appointors proxy or attorney on
the resolution.

(l) Unless
written notice of the matter has been received at the Companys registered office (or
at another place specified for lodging an appointment of a proxy, attorney or Representative
for the meeting) within the time period specified under articles 7.11(i) or 7.11(h) (as applicable),
a vote cast by a proxy, attorney or Representative is valid even if, before the vote is cast:

(1) a
Transmission Event occurs to the member; or

(2) the
member revokes the appointment of the proxy, attorney or Representative or revokes the authority
under which a third party appointed the proxy, attorney or Representative.

(m) The
chairperson may require a person acting as a proxy, attorney or Representative to establish
to the chairpersons satisfaction that the person is the person duly appointed to act.
If the person fails to satisfy the requirement, the chairperson may:

(1) exclude
the person from attending or voting at the meeting; or

(2) permit
the person to exercise the powers of a proxy, attorney or Representative on the condition
that, if required by the Company, such person produce evidence of the appointment within
the time set by the chairperson.

(n) The
chairperson may delegate his or her powers under article 7.11(m) to any person.

7.12 DTC
System Voting Arrangements

(a) Subject
to the Companies Law, for the purpose of facilitating the giving of voting instructions for
any general meeting by any person who holds, or holds interests in, beneficial interests
in shares that are held and traded in the DTC System:

(1) each
DTC Proxy may appoint (whether by way of instrument of proxy, power of attorney, mandate
or otherwise) more than one person as its proxy in respect of the same general meeting or
resolution provided that the instrument of appointment shall specify the number of shares
in respect of which the proxy is appointed and only one proxy may attend the general meeting
and vote in respect of any one share;

(2) each
DTC Proxy may appoint (by power of attorney, mandate or otherwise) an agent (including, without
limitation, a proxy solicitation agent or similar person) for the purposes of obtaining voting
instructions and submitting them to the Company on behalf of that DTC Proxy, whether in hard
copy form or electronic form;

(3) each
instrument of appointment made by a DTC Proxy or its agent shall, unless the Company is notified
to the contrary in writing at least three hours before the start of the meeting (or adjourned
meeting), be deemed to confer on the relevant proxy or agent the power and authority to appoint
one or more sub proxies or sub agents or otherwise sub delegate any or all of its powers
to any person;

(4) the
Board may accept any instrument of appointment made by a DTC Proxy or its agent as sufficient
evidence of the authority of that DTC Proxy or agent or require evidence of the authority
under which any such appointment has been made; and

(5) the
Board may, to give effect to the intent of this article 7.12:

(A) make
such arrangements, either generally or in any particular case, as it thinks fit (including,
without limitation, making or facilitating arrangements for the submission to the Company
of

36

voting
instructions on behalf of DTC Proxies, whether in hard copy form or electronic form);

(B) make
such regulations, either generally or in any particular case, as it thinks fit, whether in
addition to, or in substitution for, any other provision of these articles; and

(C) do
such other acts and things as it considers necessary or desirable (including, without limitation,
approving the form of any instrument of appointment of proxy or agent, whether in hard copy
form or electronic form). 

(b) If
any question arises at or in relation to a general meeting as to whether any person has been
validly appointed as a proxy or agent by a DTC Proxy or its agent to vote (or exercise any
other right) in respect of any shares:

(1) if
the question arises at a general meeting, the question will be determined by the chairperson
of the meeting in his or her sole discretion; or

(2) if
the question arises otherwise than at a general meeting, the question will be determined
by the Board in its sole discretion. 

The
decision of the chairperson of the meeting or the Board (as applicable), which may include declining to recognise a particular appointment
as valid, will, if made in good faith, be final and binding on all persons interested.

7.13 Action
by written resolution

A
resolution in writing (including a special resolution but excluding a resolution removing an auditor of the Company) signed by all members
who would be entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at a general meeting at which such a resolution would be proposed or
by their duly appointed attorneys will be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened
and held. Any such resolution may consist of several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of the members or their attorneys
and signature in the case of a corporate body which is a member will be sufficient if made by a director or other duly authorised officer
thereof or its duly appointed attorney.

8 Directors

8.1 Appointment
and retirement of directors

(a) The
maximum number of directors is to be determined by the Board, but may not be more
than fifteen (15). The Board may not determine a maximum which is less than the number of
directors in office at the time the determination takes effect.

(b) The
Board may appoint any eligible person to be a director, either as an addition to the existing
directors or to fill a casual vacancy, but so that the total number of directors does not
exceed the maximum number fixed under these articles.

(c) The
Board or a committee of the Board shall not nominate for election or re-election as director
any candidate who has not agreed to tender, promptly following the meeting at which he or
she is elected as director, an irrevocable resignation that will be effective upon (i) the
failure to receive the required number of votes for re-election at the next annual meeting
of members at which he or she faces re-election, and (ii) acceptance of such resignation
by the Board.

(d) Each
director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to the
director at any meeting of the members called for the purpose of the election of directors
at which a quorum is present, provided that if as of a date that is fourteen (14) days in
advance of the date the Company files its definitive proxy statement (regardless of whether
or not thereafter revised or supplemented) with the Securities and Exchange Commission the
number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors shall be
elected by the vote of a plurality of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any
such meeting and entitled to vote in the election of directors

37

generally.
For purposes of this article 8.1(d), a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director
must exceed the number of votes withheld with respect to that director.

(e) If
an incumbent director nominee fails to receive the required number of votes for re-election,
within ninety (90) days after certification of the election results, the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee of the Board will recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject
the resignation or whether other action should be taken and the Board will act on the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committees recommendation.

(f) A
director appointed by the Board under article 8.1(b) holds office until the conclusion of
the next annual general meeting following his or her appointment.

(g) Subject
to the rights of the holders of any outstanding class or series of preferred shares, each
director shall be elected at each annual general meeting and shall hold office until the
next succeeding annual general meeting and until his or her successor shall be elected and
shall qualify, but subject to prior death, resignation, disqualification or removal from
office.

(h) Where
the number of persons validly proposed for election or re-election as a director is greater
than the number of directors to be elected, the persons receiving the most votes (up to the
number of directors to be elected) shall be elected as directors and an absolute majority
of votes cast shall not be a pre-requisite to the election of such directors.

(i) The
retirement of a director from office under these articles and the re-election of a director
or the election of another person to that office (as the case may be) takes effect at the
conclusion of the meeting at which the retirement and re-election or election occur.

(j) Subject
to the rights of the holders of any outstanding class or series of preferred shares, any
vacancy on the Board, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors,
shall only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board then in office, even
though fewer than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.

8.2 Vacating
office

In
addition to the circumstances prescribed by the Companies Law and these articles, the office of a director becomes vacant if the director:

(a) becomes
prohibited or disqualified by applicable law from acting as a director of the Company;

(b) resigns
by written notice to the Company; or

(c) is
removed from office under article 8.3.

8.3 Removal
from office

A
director may be removed from office by ordinary resolution of the Company in a general meeting with or without cause.

8.4 Remuneration

(a) Each
director may be paid such remuneration out of the funds of the Company as the Board determines
for his or her services as a director, including fees and reimbursement of expenses.

(b) Remuneration
under article 8.4(a) may be provided in such manner that the Board decides, including by
way of non-cash benefit, such as a contribution to a superannuation fund.

(c) Any
director who performs extra services, makes any special exertions for the benefit of the
Company or who otherwise performs services which, in the opinion of the Board, are outside
the scope of the ordinary duties of a non- executive director, may be remunerated for the
services (as determined by the Board) out of the funds of the Company.

38

8.5 Director
need not be a member

(a) Unless
the Board determines otherwise from time to time in its discretion, a director is not required
to hold any shares in the Company to qualify for appointment.

(b) A
director is entitled to attend and speak at general meetings and at meetings of the holders
of a class of shares, even if he or she is not a member or a holder of shares in the relevant
class.

8.6 Directors
may contract with the Company and hold other offices

(a) The
Board may make regulations requiring the disclosure of interests that a director, and any
person deemed by the Board to be related to or associated with the director, may have in
any matter concerning the Company or a related body corporate. Any regulations made under
these articles bind all directors.

(b) No
act, transaction, agreement, instrument, resolution or other thing is invalid or voidable
only because a person fails to comply with any regulation made under article 8.6(a).

(c) A
director is not disqualified from contracting or entering into an arrangement with the Company
as vendor, purchaser or in another capacity, merely because the director holds office as
a director or because of the fiduciary obligations arising from that office.

(d) A
contract or arrangement entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which a director is
in any way interested is not invalid or voidable merely because the director holds office
as a director or because of the fiduciary obligations arising from that office.

(e) A
director who is interested in any arrangement involving the Company is not liable to account
to the Company for any profit realised under the arrangement merely because the director
holds office as a director or because of the fiduciary obligations arising from that office.

(f) A
director may hold any other office or position (except auditor) in the Company or any related
body corporate in conjunction with his or her directorship and may be appointed to that office
or position on terms (including remuneration and tenure) the Board decides.

(g) A
director may be or become a director or other officer of, or interested in, any related body
corporate or any other body corporate promoted by or associated with the Company, or in which
the Company may be interested as a vendor, and need not account to the Company for any remuneration
or other benefits the director receives as a director or officer of, or from having an interest
in, that body corporate.

(h) A
director who has an interest in a matter that is being considered at a meeting of the Board
may, despite that interest, be present and be counted in a quorum at the meeting, unless
that is prohibited by the Companies Law, but may not vote on the matter if such interest
is one which to a material extent conflicts or may conflict with the interests of the Company
and of which the director is aware, and in respect of any such matter the decision of the
chairperson of the meeting shall be final. No act, transaction, agreement, instrument, resolution
or other thing is invalid or voidable only because a director fails to comply with this prohibition.

(i) The
Board may exercise the voting rights given by shares in any corporation held or owned by
the Company in any way the Board decides. This includes voting for any resolution appointing
a director as a director or other officer of that corporation or voting for the payment of
remuneration to the directors or other officers of that corporation.

(j) A
director who is interested in any contract or arrangement may, despite that interest, participate
in the execution of any document by or on behalf of the Company evidencing or otherwise connected
with that contract or arrangement.

8.7 Powers
and duties of directors

39

(a) The
business and affairs of the Company are to be managed by or under the direction of the Board,
which (in addition to the powers and authorities conferred on it by these articles) may exercise
all powers and do all things that are:

(1) within
the power of the Company; and

(2) are
not by these articles or by law directed or required to be done by the Company in a general
meeting.

(b) The
Board may exercise all the powers of the Company:

(1) to
borrow or raise money in any other way;

(2) to
charge any of the Companys property or business or any of its uncalled capital; and

(3) to
issue debentures or give any security for a debt, liability or obligation of the Company
or of any other person.

(c) Debentures
or other securities may be issued on the terms and at prices decided by the Board, including
bearing interest or not, with rights to subscribe for, or exchange into, shares or other
securities in the Company or a related body corporate or with special privileges as to redemption,
participating in share issues, attending and voting at general meetings and appointing directors.

(d) The
Board may decide how cheques, promissory notes, bankers drafts, bills of exchange
or other negotiable instruments must be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed,
as applicable, by or on behalf of the Company.

(e) The
Board may:

(1) appoint
or employ any person as an officer, agent or attorney of the Company for the purposes, with
the powers, discretions and duties (including those vested in or exercisable by the Board),
for any period and on any other conditions they decide;

(2) authorise
an officer, agent or attorney to delegate any of the powers, discretions and duties vested
in the officer, agent or attorney; and

(3) remove
or dismiss any officer, agent or attorney of the Company at any time, with or without cause.

(f) A
power of attorney may contain any provisions for the protection and convenience of the attorney
or persons dealing with the attorney that the Board decides.

(g) Nothing
in this article 8.7 limits the general nature of article 8.7(a).

8.8 Delegation
by the Board

(a) The
Board may delegate any of its powers to one director, a committee of the Board, or any person
or persons.

(b) A
director, committee of the Board, or person to whom any powers have been so delegated must
exercise the powers delegated in accordance with any directions of the Board.

(c) The
acceptance of a delegation of powers by a director may, if the Board so resolves, be treated
as an extra service or special exertion performed by the delegate for the purposes of article
8.4(e).

(d) The
provisions of these articles applying to meetings and resolutions of the Board apply, so
far as they can and with any necessary changes, to meetings and resolutions of a committee
of the Board, except to the extent they are contrary to any direction given under article
8.8(b).

8.9 Proceedings
of directors

(a) The
directors may meet together to attend to business and adjourn and otherwise regulate their
meetings as they decide.

(b) The
contemporaneous linking together by telephone or other electronic means

40

of
a sufficient number of directors to constitute a quorum, constitutes a meeting of the Board. All the provisions in these articles relating
to meetings of the Board apply, as far as they can and with any necessary changes, to meetings of the Board by telephone or other electronic
means.

(c) A
meeting by telephone or other electronic means is to be taken to be held at the place where
the chairperson of the meeting is or at such other place the chairperson of the meeting decides,
as long as at least one of the directors involved was at that place for the duration of the
meeting.

(d) A
director taking part in a meeting by telephone or other electronic means is to be taken to
be present in person at the meeting and all directors participating in the meeting will (unless
there is a specific statement otherwise) be taken to have consented to the holding of the
meeting by the relevant electronic means.

(e) If,
before or during the meeting, any technical difficulty occurs where one or more directors
cease to participate, the chairperson may adjourn the meeting until the difficulty is remedied
or may, where a quorum of directors remains present, continue with the meeting.

8.10 Calling
meetings of the Board

(a) The
chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer of the Company or a majority of the
Board may call a meeting of the Board.

(b) A
secretary must, if requested by the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer
of the Company or a majority of the Board, call a meeting of the Board.

8.11 Notice
of meetings of the Board

(a) Notice
of a meeting of the Board must be given to each person who is, at the time the notice is
given, a director, except a director on leave of absence approved by the Board.

(b) A
notice of a meeting of the Board:

(1) must
specify the time and place of the meeting;

(2) need
not state the nature of the business to be transacted at the meeting;

(3) may,
if necessary, be given immediately before the meeting; and

(4) may
be given in person or by post or by telephone, fax or other electronic means, or in any other
way consented to by the directors from time to time. 

(c) A
director may waive notice of a meeting of the Board by giving notice to that effect in person
or by post or by telephone, fax or other electronic means.

(d) Failure
to give a director notice of a meeting of the Board does not invalidate anything done or
any resolution passed at the meeting if:

(1) the
failure occurred by accident or inadvertent error; or

(2) the
director attended the meeting or waived notice of the meeting (whether before or after the
meeting).

(e) A
person who attends a meeting of the Board waives any objection that person may have to a
failure to give notice of the meeting.

8.12 Quorum
at meetings of the Board

(a) No
business may be transacted at a meeting of the Board unless a quorum of directors is present
at the time the business is dealt with.

(b) Unless
the Board decides differently, a majority of the total number of directors in office constitutes
a quorum.

(c) If
there is a vacancy in the office of a director, the remaining directors may act. But, if
their number is not sufficient to constitute a quorum, they may act only in

41

an
emergency or to increase the number of directors to a number sufficient to constitute a quorum or to call a general meeting of the Company.

8.13 Chairperson
and deputy chairperson of the Board

(a) The
Board must elect a director to the office of chairperson of the Board and may elect one or
more directors to the office of deputy chairperson of the Board. The Board may decide the
period for which those offices will be held.

(b) Meetings
of the Board shall be presided over by the chairperson of the Board or, in his or her absence,
by the director who is designated by the chairperson of the Board prior to the applicable
meeting, if any, or, in his or her absence, by the deputy chairperson of the Board, if any,
or, in his or her absence, by a chairperson chosen at the meeting. The general counsel of
the Company shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence, the chair of
the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.

8.14 Decisions
of the Board

(a) The
Board, at a meeting at which a quorum is present, may exercise any authorities, powers and
discretions vested in or exercisable by the Board under these articles.

(b) Questions
arising at a meeting of the Board must be decided by a majority of votes cast by the directors
present and entitled to vote on the matter.

8.15 Written
resolutions

(a) A
resolution in writing signed by all directors or a resolution in writing of which notice
has been given to all directors and which is signed by all directors entitled to vote on
the resolution is a valid resolution of the Board. The resolution is taken to have been passed
by a meeting of the Board when the last director signs or consents to the resolution unless
provided otherwise in such written resolution.

(b) A
director may consent to a resolution by:

(1) signing
the document containing the resolution (or a copy of that document); or

(2) giving
to the Company a written notice (including by fax to its registered office or other electronic
means) addressed to the general counsel or to the chairperson of the Board signifying assent
to the resolution and either setting out its terms or otherwise clearly identifying them.

8.16 Validity
of acts

An
act done by a meeting of the Board, a committee of the Board or a person acting as a director is not invalidated by:

(a) a
defect in the appointment of a person as a director or a member of a committee; or

(b) a
person so appointed being disqualified or not being entitled to vote,

if
that circumstance was not known by the Board, committee or person when the act was done.

9 Business
combinations with interested members

9.1 Business
combinations with interested members

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provisions of these articles, the Company must not engage in any business combination
with any interested member for a period of three (3) years following the time that such member
became an interested member, unless:

42

(1) prior
to such time the Board approved either the business combination or the transaction which
resulted in the member becoming an interested member;

(2) upon
consummation of the transaction which resulted in the member becoming an interested member,
the interested member owned at least 85% of the voting shares of the Company outstanding
at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting shares
outstanding (but not the outstanding voting shares owned by the interested member) those
shares owned:

(A) by
persons who are directors and also officers; and

(B) employee
stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially
whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender, exchange or takeover
offer; or

(3) at
or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the Board and authorised
at a general meeting, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66
2/3% of the outstanding voting shares which is not owned by the interested member.

(b) The
restrictions contained in article 9.1(a) shall not apply if:

(1) the
Company does not have a class of voting shares that is either:

(A) listed
on a stock exchange; or

(B) held
of record by more than 2,000 members, unless any of the foregoing results from action taken,
directly or indirectly, by an interested member or from a transaction in which a person becomes
an interested member;

(2) a
member becomes an interested member inadvertently and:

(A) as
soon as practicable divests itself of ownership of sufficient shares so that the member ceases
to be an interested member; and

(B) would
not, at any time within the three (3)-year period immediately prior to a business combination
between the Company and such member, have been an interested member but for the inadvertent
acquisition of ownership; or

(3) the
business combination is proposed prior to the consummation or abandonment of and subsequent
to the earlier of the public announcement or the notice required hereunder of a proposed
transaction which:

(A) constitutes
one of the transactions described in article 9.1(c);

(B) is
with or by a person who either was not an interested member during the previous three (3)
years or who became an interested member with the approval of the Board or during the period
described in article 9.1(b)(1); and

(C) is
approved or not opposed by a majority of the members of the Board then in office (but not
less than one (1)) who were directors prior to any person becoming an interested member during
the previous three (3) years or were recommended for election or elected to succeed such
directors by a majority of such directors.

(4) the
business combination is with an interested member who became an interested member at a time
when the restrictions contained in this article 9.1 did not apply by reason of article 9.1(b)(1).

(c) The
proposed transactions referred to in article 9.1(b)(3)(A) are limited to:

(1) a
merger or consolidation of the Company (except for a merger in respect of which no vote of
the members of the Company is required);

43

(2) a
sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction
or a series of transactions), whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of
the Company or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Company (other
than to any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary or to the Company) having an aggregate
market value equal to 50% or more of either that aggregate market value of all of the assets
of the Company determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the
outstanding shares of the Company; or

(3) a
proposed tender, exchange or takeover offer for 50% or more of the outstanding voting shares
of the Company.

(d) The
Company shall give not less than twenty (20) days notice to all interested members
prior to the consummation of any of the transactions described in article 9.1(c)(1) or 9.1(c)(2).

(e) As
used in this article 9.1, the term:

(1) Associate,
when used to indicate a relationship with any person, means:

(A) any
corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity of which such person
is a director, officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the owner of 20% or more
of any class of voting shares;

(B) any
trust or other estate in which such person has at least a 20% beneficial interest or as to
which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and

(C) any
relative or spouse of such person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same residence
as such person;

(2) Business
combination, when used in reference to the Company and any interested member of the Company,
means:

(A) any
merger or consolidation of the Company (including by way of compromise, arrangement, reconstruction,
amalgamation or takeover) or any direct or indirect majority- owned subsidiary of the Company
with (A) the interested member, or (B) with any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated
association or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested member
and as a result of such merger or consolidation article 9.1(a) is not applicable to the surviving
entity;

(B) any
sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction
or a series of transactions), except proportionately as a member of the Company, to or with
the interested member, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Company
or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Company which assets have an
aggregate market value equal to 10% or more of either the aggregate market value of all the
assets of the Company determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of
all the outstanding shares of the Company;

(C) any
transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by the Company or by any direct or
indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Company of any shares of the Company or of such
subsidiary to the interested member, except:

(i) pursuant
to the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for, exchangeable for or
convertible into shares of the Company or any such subsidiary which securities were outstanding
prior to the time that the interested member became such;

(ii) pursuant
to a merger of the Company with or into a

44

single
direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company;

(iii) pursuant
to a dividend or distribution paid or made, or the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities
exercisable for, exchangeable for or convertible into shares of the Company or any such subsidiary
which security is distributed, pro rata to all holders of a class or series of shares of
the Company subsequent to the time the interested member became such;

(iv) pursuant
to an exchange offer by the Company to purchase shares made on the same terms to all holders
of said shares; or

(v) any
issuance or transfer of shares by the Company;

provided
however, that in no case under items (iii)-(v) of this clause (C) of this article 9.1(e)(2) shall there be an increase in the interested
member's proportionate share of the shares of any class or series of the Company or of the voting shares of the Company;

(D) any
transaction involving the Company or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of
the Company which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate
share of the shares of any class or series, or securities convertible into the shares of
any class or series, of the Company or of any such subsidiary which is owned by the interested
member, except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments or as
a result of any purchase or redemption of any shares not caused, directly or indirectly,
by the interested member; or

(E) any
receipt by the interested member of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately
as a member of the Company), of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial
benefits (other than those expressly permitted in clauses (A)-(D) of this article 9.1(e)(2))
provided by or through the Company or any direct or indirect majority- owned subsidiary;

(3) Interested
member means any person (other than the Company and any direct or indirect majority-owned
subsidiary of the Company) that:

(A) is
the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting shares of the Company; or

(B) is
an affiliate or associate of the Company and was the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding
voting shares of the Company at any time within the three (3)-year period immediately prior
to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such person is an interested member,
and the affiliates and associates of such person;

provided,
however, that the term interested member shall not include any person whose ownership of shares in excess of the 15% limitation
set forth herein is the result of action taken solely by the Company; provided, that such person shall be an interested member if thereafter
such person acquires additional voting shares of the Company, except as a result of further corporate action not caused, directly or
indirectly, by such person.

For
the purpose of determining whether a person is an interested member, the voting shares of the Company deemed to be outstanding shall
include shares deemed to be owned by the person through application of clause (4) of this article 9.1(e), but shall not include any other
unissued shares of the Company which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion
rights, warrants or options, or otherwise;

45

(4) Owner,
including the terms own and owned, when used with respect to any shares, means
a person that individually or with or through any of its affiliates or associates:

(A) beneficially
owns such shares, directly or indirectly; or

(B) has
(i) the right to acquire such shares (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only
after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon
the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; provided,
however, that a person shall not be deemed the owner of shares tendered pursuant to a tender,
exchange or takeover offer made by such person or any of such person's affiliates or associates
until such tendered shares are accepted for purchase or exchange; or (ii) the right to vote
such shares pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however, that
a person shall not be deemed the owner of any shares because of such person's right to vote
such shares if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such shares arises solely
from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made
to ten (10) or more persons; or

(C) has
any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting
(except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent as described in clause (B) of this
article 9.1(e)(4)), or disposing of such shares with any other person that beneficially owns,
or whose affiliates or associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, such shares.

10 Officers

10.1 Executive
directors

(a) The
Board may appoint one or more of the directors to be an officer. For the avoidance of doubt,
an officer need not be a director.

(b) A
director who is an officer may be referred to by any title the Board decides on.

10.2 Provisions
applicable to all officers

(a) The
officers of the Company shall be a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents,
a secretary, a treasurer, and a controller, all of whom shall be elected by the Board. The
Board or the chief executive officer of the Company may appoint such other officers, including
one or more assistant secretaries, assistant treasurers and assistant controllers as either
of them shall deem necessary, who shall have such authority and perform such duties as may
be prescribed in such appointment.

(b) The
appointment of an officer may be for the period, at the remuneration and on the conditions
the Board decides.

(c) The
Board may:

(1) delegate
to or give an officer any powers, discretions and duties it decides;

(2) withdraw,
suspend or vary any of the powers, discretions and duties given to an officer; and

(3) authorise
the officer to delegate any of the powers, discretions and duties given to the officer.

(d) Unless
the Board decides otherwise, the office of a director who is employed by the Company or by
a subsidiary of the Company automatically becomes vacant if the director ceases to be so
employed.

(e) An
act done by a person acting as an officer is not invalidated by:

46

(1) a
defect in the persons appointment as an officer;

(2) the
person being disqualified to be an officer; or

(3) the
person having vacated office,

if
the person did not know that circumstance when the act was done.

11 Indemnity and insurance

11.1 Persons
to whom articles 11.2 and 11.4 apply

Rules
11.2 and 11.4 apply:

(a) to
each person who is or has been a director or officer (within the meaning of article 10.2(a))
of the Company; and

(b) to
such other officers or former officers of the Company or of its related bodies corporate
as the Board in each case determines;

(each
an Officer for the purposes of this article 11).

11.2 Indemnity

The
Company must indemnify each Officer on a full indemnity basis and to the full extent permitted by law against all losses, liabilities,
costs, charges and expenses (Liabilities) incurred by the Officer as a present or former director or officer of the Company or
of a related body corporate.

11.3 Extent
of indemnity

The
indemnity in article 11.2:

(a) is
enforceable without the Officer having to first incur any expense or make any payment;

(b) is
a continuing obligation and is enforceable by the Officer even though the Officer may have
ceased to be a director or officer of the Company or its related bodies corporate; and

(c) applies
to Liabilities incurred both before and after the adoption of these articles.

11.4 Insurance

The
Company may, to the full extent permitted by law:

(a) purchase
and maintain insurance; and/or

(b) pay
or agree to pay a premium for insurance,

for
each Officer against any Liability incurred by the Officer as a present or former director or officer of the Company or of a related
body corporate including, but not limited to, a liability for negligence or for reasonable costs and expenses incurred in defending or
responding to proceedings, whether civil or criminal and whatever their outcome.

11.5 Savings

Nothing
in article 11.2 or 11.4:

(a) affects
any other right or remedy that a person to whom those articles apply may have in respect
of any Liability referred to in those articles;

(b) limits
the capacity of the Company to indemnify or provide or pay for insurance for any person to
whom those articles do not apply; or

(c) limits
or diminishes the terms of any indemnity conferred or agreement to indemnify entered into
prior to the adoption of these articles.

11.6 Deed

47

The
Company may enter into a deed with any Officer to give effect to the rights conferred by this article 11 or the exercise of a discretion
under this article 11 on such terms as the Board thinks fit which are not inconsistent with this article 11.

12 Winding
up

12.1 Distributing
surplus

Subject
to these articles and the rights or restrictions attached to any shares or class of shares:

(a) if
the Company is wound up and the property of the Company available for distribution among
the members is more than sufficient to pay:

(1) all
the debts and liabilities of the Company; and

(2) the
costs, charges and expenses of the winding up,

the
excess must be divided among the members in proportion to the number of shares held by them, irrespective of the amounts paid or credited
as paid on the shares;

(b) for
the purpose of calculating the excess referred to in article 12.1(a), any amount unpaid on
a share is to be treated as property of the Company;

(c) the
amount of the excess that would otherwise be distributed to the holder of a partly paid share
under article 12.1(a) must be reduced by the amount unpaid on that share at the date of the
distribution; and

(d) if
the effect of the reduction under article 12.1(c) would be to reduce the distribution to
the holder of a partly paid share to a negative amount, the holder must contribute that amount
to the Company.

12.2 Dividing
property

(a) If
the Company is wound up, the liquidator or the directors, as the case may be, may, subject
to these articles and any other sanction required by the Companies Law, do either or both
of the following:

(1) divide
in specie among the members the whole or any part of the assets of the Company and, for that
purpose, value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried out as between
the members or different classes of members;

(2) vest
the whole or any part of the assets in trustees for the benefit of members and those liable
to contribute to the winding up.

(b) No
member shall be compelled to accept any assets if an obligation attaches to them.

(c) If
any of the property to be divided under article 12.2(a) includes securities with a liability
to calls, any person entitled under the division to any of the securities may, within ten
(10) days after the passing of the special resolution referred to in article 12.2(a), by
written notice direct the liquidator to sell the persons proportion of the securities
and account for the net proceeds. The liquidator must, if practicable, act accordingly.

(d) Nothing
in this article 12.2 takes away from or affects any right to exercise any statutory or other
power which would have existed if this article were omitted.

(e) Article
4.3 applies, so far as it can and with any necessary changes, to a division by a liquidator
under article 12.2(a) as if references in article 4.3 to:

(1) the
Board were references to the liquidator; and

(2) a
distribution or capitalisation were references to the division under article 12.2(a).

48

13 Inspection of and access to records

(a) A
person who is not a director does not have the right to inspect any of the Board papers,
books, records or documents of the Company, except as provided by law, or these articles,
or as authorised by the Board.

(b) The
Company may enter into contracts with its directors or former directors agreeing to provide
continuing access for a specified period after the director ceases to be a director to Board
papers, books, records and documents of the Company which relate to the period during which
the director or former director was a director on such terms and conditions as the Board
thinks fit and which are not inconsistent with this article 13.

(c) The
Company may procure that its subsidiaries provide similar access to Board papers, books,
records or documents as that set out in articles 13(a) and 13(b).

(d) This
article 13 does not limit any right the directors or former directors otherwise have.

14 

Seals

14.1 Manner
of execution

Without
limiting the ways in which the Company can execute documents under the Companies Law and subject to these articles, the Company may execute
a document if the document is signed by any director(s) and/or person(s) authorised by the Board for that purpose (which authorisation
may be granted retrospectively).

14.2 Common
seal

The
Company may have a common seal. If the Company has a common seal, articles 14.3 to 14.7 apply.

14.3 Safe
custody of Seal

The
Board must provide for the safe custody of the Seal.

14.4 Using
the Seal

Subject
to article 14.7 and unless a different procedure is decided by the Board, if the Company has a common seal any document to which it is
affixed must be signed by any director(s) and/or person(s) authorised by the Board for that purpose.

14.5 Seal
register

(a) The
Company may keep a Seal register and, on affixing the Seal to any document (other than a
certificate for securities of the Company) may enter in the register particulars of the document,
including a short description of the document.

(b) The
register, or any details from it that the Board requires, may be produced at meetings of
the Board for noting the use of the Seal since the previous meeting of the Board.

(c) Failure
to comply with articles 14.5(a) or 14.5(b) does not invalidate any document to which the
Seal is properly affixed.

14.6 Duplicate
seals and certificate seals

(a) The
Company may have one or more duplicate seals for use in place of its common seal outside
the state or territory where its common seal is kept. Each duplicate seal must be a facsimile
of the common seal of the Company with

49

the
addition on its face of the words duplicate seal and the name of the place where it is to be used.

(b) A
document sealed with a duplicate seal, or a certificate seal as provided in article 14.7,
is to be taken to have been sealed with the common seal of the Company.

14.7 Sealing
and signing certificates

Unless
otherwise provided by the Board either generally or in a particular case, the Seal and the signature of any director, secretary or other
person to be printed on or affixed to any certificates for securities in the Company may be printed or affixed by some mechanical or
other means.

15 Notices

15.1 Notices
by the Company to members

(a) Without
limiting any other way in which notice may be given to a member under these articles, the
Companies Law, applicable securities laws and/or the Listing Rules, the Company may give
a notice to a member by:

(1) delivering
it personally to the member;

(2) sending
it by prepaid post to the members address in the register of members or any other
address the member supplies to the Company for giving notices;

(3) sending
it by fax or other electronic means to the fax number or electronic address the member has
supplied to the Company for giving notices; or

(4) publishing
the notice on a website and providing notification to that effect to the member by any of
the other means permitted under this article 15.1.

(b) The
Company may give a notice to the joint holders of a share by giving the notice in the way
authorised by article 15.1(a) to the joint holder named first in the register of members
for the share.

(c) The
Company may give a notice to a person entitled to a share as a result of a Transmission Event
by delivering it or sending it in the manner authorised by article 15.1(a) addressed to the
name or title of the person, to:

(1) the
address, fax number or electronic address that person has supplied to the Company for giving
notices to that person; or

(2) if
that person has not supplied an address, fax number or electronic address, to the address,
fax number or electronic address to which the notice might have been sent if that Transmission
Event had not occurred.

(d) A
notice given to a member under articles 15.1(a) or 15.1(b) is, even if a Transmission Event
has occurred and whether or not the Company has notice of that occurrence:

(1) duly
given for any shares registered in that persons name, whether solely or jointly with
another person; and

(2) sufficiently
served on any person entitled to the shares because of the Transmission Event.

(e) A
notice given to a person who is entitled to a share because of a Transmission Event is sufficiently
served on the member in whose name the share is registered.

(f) A
person who, because of a transfer of shares, becomes entitled to any shares registered in
the name of a member, is taken to have received every notice which, before that persons
name and address is entered in the register of members for those shares, is given to the
member complying with this article
15.1.

50

(g) A
signature to any notice given by the Company to a member under this article 15.1 may be printed
or affixed by some mechanical, electronic or other means.

(h) Where
a member does not have a registered address or where the Company believes that member is
not known at the members registered address, all notices are taken to be:

(1) given
to the member if the notice is exhibited in the Companys registered office for a period
of forty-eight (48) hours; and

(2) served
at the commencement of that period, 

unless
and until the member informs the Company of the members address.

15.2 Notices
by the Company to directors

The
Company may give a notice to a director by:

(a) delivering
it personally to him or her;

(b) sending
it by prepaid post to his or her usual residential or business address, or any other address
he or she has supplied to the Company for giving notices; or

(c) sending
it by fax or other electronic means to the fax number or electronic address he or she has
supplied to the Company for giving notices.

15.3 Notices
by directors to the Company

A
director may give a notice to the Company by:

(a) delivering
it to the Companys registered office;

(b) sending
it by prepaid post to the Companys registered office; or

(c) sending
it by fax or other electronic means to the principal fax number or electronic address at
the Companys registered office.

15.4 Time
of service

(a) A
notice from the Company properly addressed and posted is taken to be served at 10.00am (local
time in the place of dispatch) on the day after the date it is posted.

(b) A
certificate signed by a secretary or officer of the Company to the effect that a notice was
duly posted under these articles is conclusive evidence of that fact.

(c) Where
the Company sends a notice by fax, the notice is taken as served at the time the fax is sent
if the correct fax number appears on the facsimile transmission report produced by the senders
fax machine.

(d) Where
the Company sends a notice by electronic transmission, the notice is taken as served at the
time the electronic transmission is sent.

(e) Where
the Company gives a notice to a member by any other means permitted by the Companies Law
relating to the giving of notices and electronic means of access to them, the notice is taken
as given at 10.00am (local time in the place of the Companys principal office) on
the day after the date on which the member is notified that the notice is available.

(f) Where
a given number of days notice or notice extending over any other period must be given,
the day of service is not to be counted in the number of days or other period.

15.5 Other
communications and documents

Rules
15.1 to 15.4 (inclusive) apply, so far as they can and with any necessary changes, to serving any communication or document.

51

15.6 Written
notices

A
reference in these articles to a written notice includes a notice given by fax or other electronic means. A signature to a written notice
need not be handwritten.

16 General

16.1 Submission
to jurisdiction

(a) Each
member submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Royal Court of Jersey and the courts
which may hear appeals from that court.

(b) Unless
the Companies Law or any other Jersey law provides otherwise or unless the Board determines
otherwise, the Royal Court of Jersey is the sole and exclusive forum for:

(1) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company,

(2) any
action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of
the Company to the Company or its members, creditors or other constituents,

(3) any
action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company arising
pursuant to any provision of the Companies Law or these articles (as either may be amended
from time to time), or

(4) any
action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company governed
by the internal affairs doctrine.

16.2 Prohibition
and enforceability

(a) Any
provision of, or the application of any provision of, these articles which is prohibited
in any place is, in that place, ineffective only to the extent of that prohibition.

(b) Any
provision of, or the application of any provision of, these articles which is void, illegal
or unenforceable in any place does not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of
that provision in any other place or of the remaining provisions in that or any other place.

16.3 Corporate
governance policies

(a) The
directors may, from time to time, and except as required by applicable law or the Listing
Rules, adopt, institute, amend, modify or revoke the corporate governance policies or initiatives,
which shall be intended to set forth the policies of the Company and the directors on various
corporate governance related matters, as the directors shall determine from time to time.

17 Scheme
of Arrangement

17.1 In
this article 17:

(a) Extraordinary
General Meeting means the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on December 23,
2024 in connection with the Scheme;

(b) RTBMS
Limited means Rio Tinto BM Subsidiary Limited, a private limited company incorporated in
England & Wales; and

(c) the
Scheme means the Scheme of Arrangement dated November 20, 2024 between the Company and the
Scheme Shareholders (as defined in the Scheme) under Article 125 of the Companies Law in
its original form or with or subject to any modification, addition or condition approved
or imposed by the Royal Court of Jersey and agreed by the Company and RTBMS Limited and (save
as defined in this article) expressions defined in the Scheme shall have the same meanings
in this article.

17.2 Notwithstanding
any other provision of these articles or the terms of any resolution passed by

52

the
Company in the Extraordinary General Meeting, if the Company issues any shares (other than to RTBMS Limited or its nominee(s)) on or
after 5:00 p.m. US EST on November 18, 2024 (the Record Date), such shares shall be issued subject
to the terms of the Scheme (and shall be Scheme Shares for the purposes thereof) and the original or any subsequent holder or holders
of such shares shall be bound by the Scheme accordingly.

17.3 Subject
to the Scheme becoming effective, and notwithstanding any other provision of these articles,
if any shares are issued to any person (other than RTBMS Limited or its nominee(s)) (the
New Member) after the Record Date (the Post-Scheme
Shares), such New Member shall be obliged to transfer forthwith the Post-Scheme
Shares, free from encumbrances, held by the New Member (or any subsequent holder of any nominee
of such New Member or any such subsequent holder), to RTBMS Limited (or as RTBMS Limited
may direct) in consideration of and conditional on the payment, subject to any required withholding
taxes, of equal to $5.85 to the New Member for every one (1) Post-Scheme Share.

17.4 On
any reorganization of, or material alteration to, the share capital of the Company (including,
without limitation, any subdivision and/or consolidation), the value of the consideration
per Post-Scheme Share to be provided under article 17.3 above shall be adjusted by the directors
to proportionally reflect such change and, following such adjustment, be construed accordingly.

17.5 To
give effect to any transfer required by this article, the Company may appoint (and each New
Member hereby accepts the appointment of) any person as the Company may determine as agent
and/or attorney under the Powers of Attorney (Jersey) Law 1995 (and any such appointment
shall be irrevocable for a period of one year from the date upon which such New Member is
issued the relevant Post-Scheme Shares) for the New Member to execute and deliver as transferor
a form of transfer or instructions of transfer on behalf of the New Member (or any subsequent
holder, nominee of such New Member or nominee of any such subsequent holder) in favor of
RTBMS Limited or its nominee(s) and do all such other things and execute and deliver all
such documents as may in the opinion of the agent or attorney be necessary or desirable to
vest the Post-Scheme Shares in RTBMS Limited or its nominee(s) and, pending such vesting,
to exercise all such rights to the Post-Scheme Shares as RTBMS Limited may direct. If an
agent or attorney is so appointed, the New Member shall not thereafter be entitled to exercise
any rights attaching to the Post-Scheme Shares unless so agreed by RTBMS Limited. The Company
may give good receipt for the consideration for the Post-Scheme Shares and may register RTBMS
Limited or its nominee(s) as holder thereof and issue to it certificate(s) for the same.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these articles, the Company shall not be obliged to
issue a certificate to the New Member for any Post-Scheme Shares.

17.6 If
the Scheme shall not have become effective by the date referred to in clause 6(b) of the
Scheme (or such later date, if any, as RTBMS Limited and the Company may agree and the Court
may allow), this article 17 shall be of no effect.

17.7 Notwithstanding
any other provision of these articles, the directors may refuse to register the transfer
of any Scheme Shares effected between the Record Date and the Effective Time other than to
RTBMS Limited and/or its nominee(s) pursuant to the Scheme or this article.

17.8 Notwithstanding
any other provision of these articles, the directors may refuse to register the transfer
of any shares other than pursuant to the Scheme or as provided by this article, but neither
the Company nor the directors may refuse to register the transfer of any shares pursuant
to the Scheme or as provided by this article.

53
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dp225911_ex0401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of March 6, 2025, by and among LIVENT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
(the Company), ARCADIUM LITHIUM PLC, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of the Bailiwick of Jersey
(Arcadium), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (as successor-in-interest to U.S. Bank National Association),
as trustee (the Trustee).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, the
Company and the Trustee are parties to that certain Indenture, dated as of June 25, 2020 (the Original Indenture),
by and between the Company and the Trustee, pursuant to which the Company issued its 4.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the Notes),
as amended and supplemented by (i) that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 4, 2024, by and among the Company, Arcadium
and the Trustee (the First Supplemental Indenture) and (ii) that certain Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as
of January 1, 2025, by and among the Company, Arcadium and the Trustee (the Second Supplemental Indenture, and together
with the Original Indenture, as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture and the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture),
pursuant to which the Notes are convertible into Arcadium Ordinary Shares (as defined below), subject to the terms set forth in the Indenture;

WHEREAS, on October
9, 2024, Arcadium entered into a Transaction Agreement (the Transaction Agreement) with Rio Tinto Western Holdings
Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, and Rio Tinto BM Subsidiary Limited, a private limited
company incorporated under the laws of England & Wales (the Buyer), pursuant to which the Buyer will acquire
the entire issued and to be issued share capital of Arcadium, comprised of ordinary shares, par value $1.00 per share (the Ordinary
Shares), including the ordinary shares represented by the CHESS depositary interests issued by Arcadium and listed on the Australian
Securities Exchange) (together with the Ordinary Shares, the Arcadium Shares) (collectively, the Transaction),
and the Arcadium shareholders approved the Transaction on December 23, 2024;

WHEREAS, the
Transaction Agreement provides for the implementation of a Royal Court of Jersey (the Court) approved scheme of arrangement
pursuant to which the Buyer will acquire all Arcadium Shares in issue as of the time that an act of the Court sanctioning the scheme of
arrangement has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Jersey for registration (the Effective Time) and
the shareholders of Arcadium will be entitled, in accordance with the terms of the scheme of arrangement, to receive an amount in cash,
without interest, equal to $5.85 per Arcadium Share that is in issue immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Per Share
Consideration);

WHEREAS, Section
14.07(a) of the Indenture provides that, in the case of any Merger Event as a result of which the Ordinary Shares (which became the Reference
Property pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture) would be converted into, or exchanged for, cash, then, at and after the effective
time of such Merger Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal
amount of Notes into the amount of cash that a holder of a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to
such Merger Event would have been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each

unit of Reference Property
meaning the amount of cash that a holder of one Ordinary Share is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event and, prior to or at the
effective time of such Merger Event, the Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee
a supplemental indenture permitted under Section 10.01(g) providing for such change in the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount
of Notes;

WHEREAS, if the
holders of Ordinary Shares receive only cash in such Merger Event, then for all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs
after the effective date of such Merger Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall
be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares
pursuant to Section 14.03), multiplied by the price paid per Ordinary Share in such Merger Event and (B) the Company shall satisfy the
Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date;

WHEREAS, the
Transaction is a Merger Event and cash is the Reference Property, and the Transaction is also a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant
to Section 14.03;

WHEREAS, in accordance
with Section 14.07(a), the Company, Arcadium and the Trustee desire to execute a supplemental indenture providing that the right to convert
each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into an amount of cash,
as specified in this Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, Section
10.01(g) provides that, without the consent of any Holder, the Company may from time to time and at any time enter into a supplemental
indenture in connection with a Merger Event to provide that the Notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions
of Section 14.02, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 14.07, and the Company,
Arcadium and the Trustee desire to enter into this Supplemental Indenture in order to do so and to comply with Section 14.07(a); and

WHEREAS, the
Effective Time of the Transaction occurred at 12:01 a.m. New York City time on March 6, 2025 and the closing of the Transaction at the
Effective Time has resulted in a Merger Event and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change under the Indenture; and

WHEREAS, all
conditions for the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture have been complied with or have been done or performed.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

In consideration
of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company, Arcadium and the
Trustee agree as follows for the equal and ratable benefit of the holders of the Notes:

ARTICLE
1

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01
General. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

ARTICLE 2

EFFECT OF TRANSACTION

Section 2.01 Effect of Transaction.

(a) Conversions
During Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period: As of the Effective Date of the Transaction, the Reference Property is now composed entirely
of cash, and, as a result, in accordance with Section 14.03(b) of the Indenture, the Conversion Obligation has been calculated based solely
on the Per Share Consideration, which, for the Transaction, is the Stock Price under the Indenture, and is, from, and including, 12:01
a.m. New York City time on March 6, 2025, the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change, up to, and ending at the closing of
business, 5:00 p.m. New York City time, on March 25, 2025, which is the Business Day immediately prior to the related Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date (such period, the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period), an amount of cash equal to $1,624.81 per
$1,000 principal amount of converted Notes. This amount of cash is equal to a Conversion Rate of 277.7457 per $1,000 principal amount
of Notes (which includes Additional Shares of 2.2864 pursuant to Section 14.03(c) and 14.03(e) of the Indenture) multiplied by the Per
Share Consideration (the Increased Conversion Rate). A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for purposes of Section
14.03(a) of the Indenture to be in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change if such Holder converts such Notes
during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period. The Increased Conversion Rate is available only during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change
Period. Before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note, such Holder shall comply with the procedures of the Depositary
in effect at that time and shall convert its Notes in connection with the Transaction as a Make-Whole Fundamental Change under the Indenture.

(b) Conversions
After Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period: A conversion of Notes made at any time after the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period
will receive an amount of cash equal to $1,611.44 per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes. This amount of cash is equal to a Conversion
Rate of 275.459331 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (which does not include any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03(c) and
14.03(e) of the Indenture) multiplied by the Per Share Consideration. Before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note,
such Holder shall comply with the procedures of the Depositary in effect at that time.

ARTICLE
3

MISCELLANEOUSPROVISIONS

Section 3.01
Effectiveness; Construction. This Supplemental Indenture shall become effective upon its execution and delivery by the Company
and the Trustee as of the date hereof. Upon such effectiveness, the Indenture shall be supplemented in accordance herewith. This Supplemental
Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered
under the Indenture shall be bound thereby. The Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture shall henceforth be read and construed together.

Section 3.02
Indenture Remains in Full Force and Effect. Except as supplemented hereby, all provisions in the Indenture shall remain in full
force and effect.

Section 3.03
Trustee Matters. The Trustee accepts the Indenture, as supplemented hereby, and agrees to perform the same upon the
terms and conditions set forth therein, as supplemented hereby. The Trustee shall be entitled to the benefit of every provision of the
Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability or affording protection to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its
right to be indemnified, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. The recitals contained in this Supplemental Indenture shall be taken
as the statements of Arcadium and the Company and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representation
as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture.

Section 3.04
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Supplemental Indenture, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than
the parties to the Indenture, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any authenticating agent, any Note Registrar and their successors
under the Indenture or the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under the Indenture, as supplemented
hereby.

Section 3.05
Severability. In the event any provision of this Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected
or impaired.

Section 3.06
Headings. The Article and Section headings of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only
and are not to be considered a part of this Supplemental Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions
hereof

Section 3.07
Successors. All agreements of the Company, Arcadium and the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind their respective
successors and assigns whether so expressed or not.

Section 3.08
Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTE GUARANTEE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 3.09
Counterpart Signatures. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon
any notice, instruction, or other communication, including any funds transfer instruction, (each, a Notice") received pursuant
to this Supplemental Indenture by electronic transmission (including by e-mail, facsimile transmission, web portal or other electronic
methods) and shall not have any duty to confirm that the person sending such Notice is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic
signatures believed by Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten
signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider identified by any other
party hereto and acceptable to Trustee) shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, all notices,
approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder or with respect to the Notes must be in writing (provided that any communication
sent to the Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign
or Adobe (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Trustee by the authorized representative)), in English.
Each other party to this Supplemental Indenture assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and

electronic methods to send Notices
to Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting on an unauthorized Notice and the risk of interception or misuse by
third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Trustee may in any instance and in its sole discretion require that a Notice in the form
of an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to Trustee in lieu of, or in addition to, any such electronic Notice.

Section 3.10
Delivery of Notice to Holders. The Company hereby requests the Trustee provide the notice to Holders pursuant to Section 14.02(a)
of the Indenture attached hereto as Exhibit A promptly following execution of this Supplemental Indenture.

[Signature page follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto
have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first written above.

ARCADIUM LITHIUM PLC

By: /s/ Gilberto Antoniazzi

Name: Gilberto Antoniazzi

Title: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

LIVENT CORPORATION

By: /s/ Ronald Stark

Name: Ronald Stark

Title: President

[Signature Page to Third
Supplemental Indenture]

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

(as successor-in-interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee

By: /s/ Michael Judge

Name: Michael Judge

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Third
Supplemental Indenture]

Exhibit A

NOTICE

TO
THE HOLDERS OF

LIVENT CORPORATION

4.125% CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES
DUE 2025

CUSIP No. 53814L AB4

ISIN
No. US53814LAB45

LIVENT CORPORATION

March 6, 2025

NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that, pursuant to Section 14.07(b) of that certain Indenture, dated as of June 25, 2020 (the Indenture),
by and between Livent Corporation (the Company) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor-in-interest
to U.S. Bank National Association) (the Trustee), as amended and supplemented by (i) that certain First Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of January 4, 2024, by and among the Company, Arcadium Lithium plc, a public limited company incorporated under the
laws of the Bailiwick of Jersey (Arcadium) (NYSE: ALTM, ASX: LTM) and the Trustee and (ii) that certain Second Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2025, by and among the Company, Arcadium and the Trustee (such Indenture, as so amended and supplemented,
the Indenture), pursuant to which the Companys 4.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the Notes)
are convertible into Arcadium Ordinary Shares (as defined below), subject to the terms set forth in the Indenture, that, on the date hereof,
the Company has executed a Third Supplemental Indenture, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. This notice is qualified in its entirety by the
terms and conditions outlined in the Indenture.

The CUSIP and
ISIN numbers referred to above have been assigned to the Notes by an organization not affiliated with the Company or the Trustee and are
included solely for the convenience of the Holders. Neither the Company nor the Trustee shall be responsible for the selection or use
of these CUSIP or ISIN numbers, nor is any representation made as to their correctness or accuracy on the Notes or as indicated in this
notice.

LIVENT CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A

Third Supplemental Indenture
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>altm-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>altm-20250305_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>altm-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Other Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Table] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>altm-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 05, 2025

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-38694

Entity Registrant Name ARCADIUM LITHIUM
PLC

Entity Central Index Key 0001977303

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1737136

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Y9

Entity Address, Address Line One 1818 Market Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2550

Entity Address, City or Town Philadelphia

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Country US

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 19103

City Area Code 215

Local Phone Number 299-5900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, par value $1.00 per share

Trading Symbol ALTM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Other Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Address Line One Suite 12, Gateway Hub

Entity Address, Address Line Two Shannon Airport House

Entity Address, City or Town Shannon, Co. Clare

Entity Address, Country IE

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code V14 E370

City Area Code 353-1

Local Phone Number 6875238

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_OtherAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
2 
25 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://fmclithium.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

altm-20250305.xsd 
altm-20250305_def.xml 
altm-20250305_lab.xml 
altm-20250305_pre.xml 
dp225911_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000950103-25-003078-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>dp225911_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001977303 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

0001977303 

dei:OtherAddressMember 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001977303 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
ARCADIUM LITHIUM PLC 
Y9 
001-38694 
98-1737136 
1818 Market Street 
Suite 2550 
Philadelphia 
PA 
US 
19103 
Suite 12, Gateway Hub 
Shannon Airport House 
Shannon, Co. Clare 
IE 
V14 E370 
215 
299-5900 
353-1 
6875238 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares, par value $1.00 per share 
ALTM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>