<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950142-25-000154.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0000950142-25-000154.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121092331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950142-25-000154
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250120
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RALPH LAUREN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001037038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				132622036
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0328

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13057
		FILM NUMBER:		25540793

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123187000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	POLO RALPH LAUREN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970402
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>eh250580540_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?FORM 8-K

false000103703800010370382025-01-202025-01-20iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of
earliest event reported): January 20, 2025

RALPH LAUREN
CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-13057 13-2622036

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

650 Madison Avenue, 

New York, New York 10022

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(212) 318-7000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

NOT APPLICABLE

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form
8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see
General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of Each
Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange

on which Registered

Class A Common Stock, $.01 par value RL New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 5.02 DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR CERTAIN OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICERS; COMPENSATORY ARRANGEMENTS OF
CERTAIN OFFICERS.

On January 20, 2025, Ralph Lauren Corporation (the Company)
appointed Robert Ranftl as Chief Operating Officer, effective March 30, 2025.

In connection with the foregoing, Mr. Ranftl and the Company entered into
an Employment Agreement (the Ranftl Employment Agreement), dated January 20, 2025. Pursuant to the Ranftl Employment Agreement,
Mr. Ranftl is entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $1,000,000 and to participate in any applicable bonus program that the
Company maintains during the term of his employment, including the Companys Executive Incentive Plan, as amended (EIP).
Under the EIP, Mr. Ranftl has an annual target bonus opportunity of 100% of his fiscal year salary earnings, and a maximum bonus opportunity
of 200% of his fiscal year salary earnings and, in accordance with the Companys 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (2019
LTSIP), beginning in fiscal year 2026, he will be granted an annual equity award with a value of $2,250,000, under the terms of
the 2019 LTSIP and as approved each year by the Talent, Culture & Total Rewards Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.

Under the Ranftl Employment Agreement, if the Company terminates Mr. Ranftls
employment for any reason other than death, disability or Cause, or he voluntarily terminates his employment for Good Reason (each, as
defined in the Ranftl Employment Agreement), he will be entitled to receive base salary continuation payments for a period of one year
from the date of such termination (the Severance Period), plus a lump sum amount at the end of the Severance Period equal
to his target bonus. Upon such termination, Mr. Ranftls RSUs and PSUs will be treated in accordance with their respective award
agreements. In addition, during the Severance Period, Mr. Ranftl will be entitled to continue to participate in any group medical and
dental plans in which he participated prior to his termination. If Mr. Ranftl voluntarily terminates his employment for Good Reason or
the Company terminates his employment without Cause, in each case within 12 months following a Change in Control of the Company (as defined
in the Ranftl Employment Agreement), then, in lieu of the foregoing amounts, he will be entitled to receive a lump sum amount, payable
within 15 days after the termination of his employment, equal to two times the sum of his then current annual base salary and the bonus
paid in the most recently completed fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which his employment is terminated. In addition, in such event,
any unvested stock options, unvested RSUs and unvested PSUs held by Mr. Ranftl will immediately vest.

If Mr. Ranftl voluntarily terminates his employment without Good Reason
or if he is terminated by the Company for Cause, he will only be entitled to receive his base salary through the date of termination,
and any outstanding equity awards will be treated in accordance with their respective award agreements. In the event his employment terminates
due to his death or disability, he or his estate will be entitled to receive only those welfare plans benefits available to him pursuant
to the welfare plans he participated in prior to such termination, and any outstanding equity awards will be treated in accordance with
their respective award agreements.

The above described amounts and stock awards to be provided are subject
to his compliance with certain restrictive covenants. Any amounts due and payable to Mr. Ranftl upon termination of his employment will
be subject to compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.

Other than as described herein, since the beginning of the Companys
last fiscal year, there have been no transactions between the Company and Mr. Ranftl or any member of his family.

The foregoing summary of the Ranftl Employment Agreement does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Ranftl Employment Agreement, a copy of which
is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7.01 REGULATION FD DISCLOSURE.

On January 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing Mr.
Ranftls appointment. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished
and shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of such section, nor shall such information be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of the general incorporation
language of such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(d) Exhibits.

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated January 20, 2025, between the Company and Robert Ranftl

99.1 Press Release, dated January 21, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 

Date: January 21, 2025 By: /s/ Justin M. Picicci

Name: 

Justin M. Picicci 

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>eh250580540_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
(the Agreement) is made effective as of the 30th day of March, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and
between Ralph Lauren Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and Robert Ranftl (the Executive).

WHEREAS, Executive is employed
by the Corporation on an at-will basis;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and premises contained herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Article
I

EMPLOYMENT

1.1Employment Term. The Corporation hereby agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to serve the Corporation,
on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in accordance with the terms of the attached Term Sheet attached hereto as Exhibit 1
(the Term Sheet), effective as of the Effective Date. The Executives employment with the Corporation is for no specified
period of time and constitutes at will employment. As such, either the Executive or the Corporation may terminate this Agreement
and Executives employment relationship with the Corporation at any time for any reason, with or without Cause, as defined below,
if by the Corporation, or with or without Good Reason, as defined below, if by the Executive, provided that if the termination of employment
is initiated by Executive, Executive shall provide the Corporation with ninety (90) days advance written notice (the Notice Period).
The Notice Period may be waived in whole or in part by the Corporation in its sole and complete discretion. The Executives period
of employment under this Agreement is referred to herein as the Term.

1.2Position and Duties. During the Term, the Executive shall faithfully, and in conformity with the directions of the Board
of Directors of the Corporation and any Committee thereof (the Board) or other appropriate member(s) of the management of
the Corporation (Management), perform the duties of his employment, and shall devote to the performance of such duties his
full time and attention. During the Term, the Executive shall serve as Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation and perform additional
senior management duties as the Board or Management may from time to time direct. During the Term, the Executive may engage in outside
activities, provided those activities do not conflict with the duties and responsibilities enumerated hereunder, and provided, further,
that the Executive receives written approval in advance from Management for any outside business activity that may require significant
expenditure of the Executives time in which the Executive plans to become involved, whether or not such activity is pursued for
profit. The Executive shall be excused from performing any services hereunder during periods of temporary incapacity and during vacations
or authorized leaves of absence in accordance with the Corporations disability, vacation and other related policies.

1 

1.3Place of Performance. The Executive shall be employed at the corporate offices of the Corporation, located in North Carolina,
except for required travel on the Corporations business.

1.4Compensation and Related Matters.

(a)Base Compensation. In consideration of his services during the Term, the Corporation shall pay the Executive cash compensation
at an annual rate of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) (Base Compensation), less applicable withholdings. Executives
Base Compensation shall be subject to such increases as may be approved by the Board or Management. The Base Compensation shall be payable
as current salary, in installments not less frequently than monthly, and at the same rate for any fraction of a month unexpired at the
end of the Term.

(b)Bonus. During the Term, the Executive shall have the opportunity to earn an annual bonus in accordance with any annual bonus
program the Corporation maintains that would be applicable to the Executive and in accordance with the Term Sheet.

(c)Stock Awards. During the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Ralph Lauren Corporation the 2019 Long-Term
Stock Incentive Plan, or any successor thereto (the Incentive Plan). All equity award grants to the Executive, if any, including
but not limited to the grants set forth in the Term Sheet, are governed by the terms of the Incentive Plan and are subject, in all cases,
to approval by the Talent, Culture & Total Rewards Committee of the Board of Directors (Talent
Committee) in its sole discretion.

(d)Car Allowance. During the Term, the Corporation shall pay the Executive a transportation allowance in the amount of one
thousand five hundred dollars ($1,500) per month, payable consistent with the Corporations normal payroll practices.

(e)Expenses. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred
by the Executive in performing services hereunder, including all reasonable expenses of travel and living while away from home, provided
that such expenses are incurred and accounted for in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Corporation.

(f)Vacations. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to the number of vacation days in each fiscal year, and to compensation
in respect of earned but unused vacation days, determined in accordance with the Corporations vacation program. The Executive shall
also be entitled to all paid holidays given by the Corporation to its employees.

(g)Other Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to participate in all of the Corporations employee benefit plans
and programs in effect during the Term as would by their terms be applicable to the Executive, including, without limitation, any life
insurance plan, medical insurance plan, dental care plan, accidental death and disability plan, and sick/personal leave program. The Corporation
shall not make any changes in such plans or programs that would adversely affect the Executives benefits thereunder, unless such
change occurs pursuant to a plan or program applicable to other similarly situated employees of the Corporation and does not result in
a proportionately greater reduction in the rights or benefits of the Executive as compared with

2 

other similarly situated employees of the Corporation.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, nothing paid to the Executive under any plan or program presently in effect or made
available in the future shall be in lieu of the Base Compensation or any bonus payable under Sections 1.4(a) and 1.4(b) hereof.

Article
II

TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

2.1Termination of Employment. The Executives employment may terminate prior to the expiration of the Term under the
following circumstances:

(a)Without Cause. The Executives employment shall terminate upon the Corporation notifying the Executive that his services
will no longer be required.

(b)Death. The Executives employment shall terminate upon the Executives death.

(c)Disability. If, as a result of the Executives incapacity due to physical or mental illness, the Executive shall have
been absent and unable to perform the duties hereunder on a full-time basis for an entire period of six consecutive months, the Executives
employment may be terminated by the Corporation following such six-month period.

(d)Cause. The Corporation may terminate the Executives employment for Cause. For purposes hereof, Cause
shall mean:

(i)Willful and repeated failure by the Executive to substantially perform the material duties of the Executive hereunder (other than
due to disability as defined in 2.1(c)); or

(ii)an act of fraud, embezzlement, theft, breach of fiduciary duty, dishonesty, or any violation of law (other than a traffic violation)
with regard to the Corporation committed by the Executive; or

(iii)any willful action by the Executive causing damage to or misappropriation of Corporation assets; or

(iv)the Executives breach of a material provision of this Agreement; or

(v)the Executives breach of any material written employment policy of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, conduct
relating to falsification of business records, violation of the Corporations code of business conduct & ethics and anti-discrimination
policies, excessive

3 

absenteeism, violation of the Corporations
policy on drug & alcohol use, or violent acts or threats of violence; or

(vi)performance by the Executive of his employment duties in a manner deemed by the Corporation, in good faith, to be grossly negligent;
or

(vii)the commission of any act by the Executive, whether or not performed in the workplace, which subjects or, if publicly known, would
be likely to subject the Corporation to public ridicule or embarrassment, or would likely be detrimental or damaging materially to the
Corporation.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the conduct described in this Section 2.1(d) shall not constitute Cause unless and until such failure by Executive hereunder has not been
cured to the satisfaction of the Corporation (if curable), in its sole discretion, within thirty (30) days after written notice of such
failure has been given by the Corporation to Executive.

(e)Voluntary Termination. The Executive may voluntarily terminate the Executives employment with the Corporation at
any time, with or without Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean a termination of employment
by the Executive within sixty (60) days following the occurrence of (A) a material diminution in, or material adverse alteration to, Executives
title, base salary, bonus target, or position, provided that a change in reporting relationship (except as set forth in subsection D below),
or the removal of particular business units or functions from Executives purview shall not constitute a material diminution in
or material adverse alteration to the Executives position for this purpose, (B) the relocation of the Executives
principal office outside the area which comprises a fifty (50) mile radius from the State of North Carolina, (C) a failure of the Corporation
to comply with any material provision of this Agreement, or (D) a requirement that Executive report to anyone other than the Chief Executive
Officer or, regardless of job title, an executive with substantially equivalent or more senior job responsibilities, provided that the
events described in clauses (A), (B), (C), or (D) above shall not constitute Good Reason (1) until the Executive provides written notice
to the Corporation of the existence of such material diminution, material alteration, relocation or failure, as the case may be, within
thirty (30) days of its occurrence (or, if later, within thirty (30) days of the earlier of the date that the Executive first becomes
aware or should have become aware of its occurrence) and (2) unless such material diminution, material alteration, relocation or failure,
as the case may be, has not been cured within thirty (30) days after written notice of such noncompliance has been given by the Executive
to the Corporation.

2.2Date of Termination. The date of termination shall be:

(a)if the Executives employment is terminated by the Executives death, the date of the Executives death;

(b)if the Executives employment is terminated by reason of Executives disability pursuant to Section 2.1(c) or by the
Corporation pursuant to Sections 2.1(a) or 2.1(d), the date specified by the Corporation; and

4 

(c) if the Executives employment is terminated by the Executive, the day after the last day of the Notice Period, or, if the
Notice Period is waived in whole or in part by the Corporation, the date specified by the Corporation.

2.3Effect of Termination of Employment.

(a)If the Executives employment is terminated by the Corporation pursuant to Section 2.1(a), or if the Executive resigns for
Good Reason pursuant to Section 2.1(e), in addition to payment of any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses incurred in accordance with Corporation
policy to the extent incurred prior to the termination date, and any other amounts required to be paid pursuant to applicable law, if
any, the Executive shall only be entitled to the following:

(i)Severance. Subject to Section 2.3(a)(v) and Section 4.1(a) hereof, the Corporation shall: (a) beginning with the first payroll
period following the 30th day following the date of termination of Executives employment, continue to pay the Executive, in accordance
with the Corporations normal payroll practice, his Base Compensation, as in effect immediately prior to such termination of employment,
for the one-year period commencing on the date of such termination (the Severance Period), provided that the initial payment
shall include Base Compensation amounts for all payroll periods from the date of termination through the date of such initial payment;
and (b) pay to the Executive, on the last business day of the Severance Period, an amount equal to his target bonus, as in effect immediately
prior to such termination of employment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to receive any severance benefits under this Section
2.3(a)(i), the Executive must sign and not timely revoke a release and waiver of claims against the Corporation, its successors, affiliates,
and assigns, in a form acceptable to the Corporation for similarly situated executives on or prior to the 30th day following the date
of termination of Executives employment.

(ii)Stock Awards. The Executives rights with respect to any equity award grants provided to the Executive by the Corporation
shall be governed by the provisions of the Corporations Incentive Plan and the respective award agreements, if any, under which
such awards were granted, except as provided in Section 4.1(a).

(iii)Welfare Plan Coverages. The Executive shall continue to participate during the Severance Period in any group medical or
dental insurance plan he participated in prior to the date of his termination, under substantially similar terms and conditions as an
active employee; provided that participation in such group medical or dental insurance plan shall only continue for as long as
permitted under COBRA and further, shall correspondingly cease at such time as the Executive (a) becomes eligible for a future employers
medical and/or dental insurance coverage (or would become eligible if the Executive did not waive coverage) or (b) violates any of the
provisions of Article III as determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may not
continue to participate in such plans on a pre-tax or tax-favored basis.

(iv)Retirement Plans. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is specifically provided that the Executive shall
not accrue additional benefits under

5 

any pension plan of the Corporation (whether
or not qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) during the Severance Period.

(v)Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, no amounts shall be payable pursuant to Section
2.3(a) or Section 4.1(a) unless the Executives termination of employment constitutes a separation from service within
the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Department of Treasury Regulations. If the Executive is determined to be a specified
employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, and the rules and regulations issued
thereunder (the Code), then no payment that is payable under Sections 2.3(a)(i) or 4.1(a) hereof (the Severance Payment)
on account of Executives separation from service shall be made before the date that is at least six months after
the Executives separation from service (or if earlier, the date of the Executives death), but rather all such
payments shall be made on the date that is five business days after the expiration of that six month period, if and to the extent that
the Severance Payment constitutes deferred compensation (or may be nonqualified deferred compensation) under Section 409A of the Code
and such deferral is required to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. For the avoidance of doubt, no portion
of the Severance Payment shall be delayed for six months after the Executives separation from service if such portion
(x) constitutes a short term deferral within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(a)(4) of the Department of Treasury Regulations,
or (y) (A) it is being paid due to the Corporations termination of the Executives employment without Cause or the Executives
termination of employment for Good Reason; (B) it does not exceed two times the lesser of (1) the Executives annualized compensation
from the Corporation for the calendar year prior to the calendar year in which the termination of the Executives employment occurs,
or (2) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year
in which the Executives employment terminates; and (C) the payment is required under this Agreement to be paid no later than the
last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive incurs a separation from service.
For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, the Executives right to receive installment payments pursuant to Section 2.3(a) shall
be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. To the extent that any reimbursement of any expense under
Section 1.4(e) or in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement are deemed to constitute taxable compensation to the Executive, such
amounts will be reimbursed or provided no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The
amount of any such expenses reimbursed or in-kind benefits provided in one year shall not affect the expenses or in-kind benefits eligible
for reimbursement or payment in any subsequent year, and the Executives right to such reimbursement or payment of any such expenses
will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. The determination of whether the
Executive is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code as of the time of the Executives
separation from service shall be made by the Corporation in accordance with the terms of Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance
thereunder (including without limitation Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i) and any successor provision thereto).

(b)If the Executives employment is terminated by reason of the Executives death or disability, pursuant to Sections
2.1(b) or 2.1(c), the Executive (or the Executives designee or estate) shall only be entitled to whatever welfare plans benefits
are available to the Executive pursuant to the welfare plans the Executive participated in prior to such termination, and whatever stock
awards may have been provided to the Executive by the

6 

Corporation the terms of which shall be governed
by the provisions of the Corporations Incentive Plan and the respective award agreements, if any, under which such stock awards
were provided.

(c)If the Executives employment is terminated by the Corporation for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason (as defined
in Section 2.1(e)), the Executive shall receive only that portion of the Executives then current Base Compensation payable through
the Executives termination date. The Executives rights with respect to any stock awards provided to the Executive by the
Corporation shall be governed by the provisions of the Corporations Incentive Plan and the respective award agreements, if any,
under which such stock awards were provided.

Article
III

COVENANTS OF THE EXECUTIVE 

3.1Non-Compete.

(a)The Corporation and the Executive acknowledge that: (i) the Corporation has a special interest in and derives significant benefit
from the unique skills and experience of the Executive; (ii) the Executive will use and have access to proprietary and valuable Confidential
Information (as defined in Section 3.2 hereof) during the course of the Executives employment; and (iii) the agreements and covenants
contained herein are essential to protect the business and goodwill of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensees.
Accordingly, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Executive covenants and agrees that during the Term, and for the twelve
(12) month period following the last day of the Term, the Executive shall not provide any labor, work, services or assistance (whether
as an officer, director, employee, partner, agent, owner, independent contractor, consultant, stockholder or otherwise) to a Competing
Business in which the Executive has any of the same or similar responsibilities as Executives responsibilities at the Corporation
at any time during Executives employment with the Corporation, if during the Term, or within the twenty-four (24) month period
immediately preceding termination of employment. For purposes hereof, Competing Business shall mean any company or business
engaged in the designing, marketing or distribution of Relevant Products, including any of such companys subsidiaries
or licensees, and shall include, without limitation, those brands and companies that the Corporation has designated in writing on the
date hereof, and incorporated herein by reference and attached as Schedule A, it being understood that the Corporation may in its sole
and absolute discretion modify Schedule A from time to time. For purposes hereof, Relevant Products shall mean products
marketed and sold by the Corporation, or any of its subsidiaries or licensees, in any quantity that is not de minimus.

(b)The non-compete provisions of this Section shall no longer be applicable to Executive if he has been notified pursuant to Section
2.1(a) hereof that his services will no longer be required during the Term or if the Executive has terminated his employment for Good
Reason pursuant to Section 2.1(e).

(c)It is acknowledged by the Executive that the Corporation has determined to relieve the Executive from any obligation of non-competition
after the Term if the Corporation terminates the Executives employment under Section 2.1(a) or if the Executive has terminated
his employment for Good Reason pursuant to Section 2.1(e). In consideration of that,

7 

and in consideration of all of the compensation
provisions in this Agreement (including the potential for the award of equity grants that may be made to the Executive), Executive agrees
to the provisions of Section 3.1 and also agrees that the non-competition obligations imposed herein are fair and reasonable under all
the circumstances.

3.2Confidential Information.

(a)The Corporation owns and has developed and compiled, and will own, develop and compile, certain proprietary techniques and confidential
information as described below which have great value to its business (referred to in this Agreement, collectively, as Confidential
Information). Confidential Information includes not only information disclosed by the Corporation and/or its affiliates, subsidiaries
and licensees to Executive, but also information developed or learned by Executive during the course of, or as a result of, employment
hereunder, which information Executive acknowledges is and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Corporation. Confidential Information
includes all proprietary information that has or could have commercial value or other utility in the business in which the Corporation
is engaged or contemplates engaging, and all proprietary information the unauthorized disclosure of which could be detrimental to the
interests of the Corporation. Whether or not such information is specifically labeled as Confidential Information by the Corporation is
not determinative. By way of example and without limitation, Confidential Information includes any and all information developed, obtained
or owned by the Corporation and/or its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensees concerning trade secrets, techniques, know-how (including
designs, plans, procedures, processes and research records), software, computer programs, innovations, discoveries, improvements, research,
development, test results, reports, specifications, data, formats, marketing data and plans, business plans, strategies, forecasts, unpublished
financial information, orders, agreements and other forms of documents, price and cost information, merchandising opportunities, expansion
plans, designs, store plans, budgets, projections, customer, supplier and subcontractor identities, characteristics and agreements, and
salary, staffing and employment information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not in any event include (A)
Executives personal knowledge and know-how relating to merchandising and business techniques which Executive has developed over
his career in the apparel business and of which Executive was aware prior to his employment, or (B) information which (i) was generally
known or generally available to the public prior to its disclosure to Executive; (ii) becomes generally known or generally available to
the public subsequent to disclosure to Executive through no wrongful act of any person or (iii) which Executive is required to disclose
by applicable law or regulation (provided that Executive provides the Corporation with prior notice of the contemplated disclosure and
reasonably cooperates with the Corporation at the Corporations expense in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection
of such information).

(b)Executive acknowledges and agrees that in the performance of his duties hereunder the Corporation will from time to time disclose
to Executive and entrust Executive with Confidential Information. Executive also acknowledges and agrees that the unauthorized disclosure
of Confidential Information, among other things, may be prejudicial to the Corporations interests, and an improper disclosure of
trade secrets. Executive agrees that he shall not, directly or indirectly, use, make available, sell, disclose or otherwise communicate
to any corporation, partnership, individual or other third party, other than in the course of his assigned

8 

duties and for the benefit of the Corporation,
any Confidential Information, either during his Term of employment or thereafter.

(c)The Executive agrees that upon leaving the Corporations employ, the Executive shall not take with the Executive any software,
computer programs, disks, tapes, research, development, strategies, designs, reports, study, memoranda, books, papers, plans, information,
letters, e-mails, or other documents or data reflecting any Confidential Information of the Corporation, its subsidiaries, affiliates
or licensees.

(d)During the Term, Executive shall disclose to the Corporation all designs, inventions and business strategies or plans developed
for the Corporation, including without limitation any process, operation, product or improvement. Executive agrees that all of the foregoing
are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Corporation and that Executive shall at the Corporations request and cost
do whatever is necessary to secure the rights thereto, by patent, copyright or otherwise, to the Corporation.

(e)Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from reporting possible violations of law or regulation to any
governmental agency or regulatory body or making other disclosures that are protected under any law or regulation, or from filing a charge
with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental agency or regulatory body.

(f)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement: (i) the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any
federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made: (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local
government official, either directly or indirectly, or to any attorney; and (2) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a
suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit, arbitration or other
proceeding; (ii) if the Executive files a lawsuit or arbitral action for retaliation by the Corporation for reporting a suspected violation
of law, the Executive may disclose the Corporations trade secrets to the Executives attorney and use the trade secret information
in the court or arbitral proceeding if the Executive: (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not
disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

3.3Non-Solicitation of Employees. The Executive covenants and agrees that during the Term, and for the twelve (12) month period
following the last day of the Term, regardless of the reason for Executives termination of employment, the Executive shall not
directly or indirectly solicit or influence any other employee of the Corporation, or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensees,
to terminate such employees employment with the Corporation, or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensees, as the case may
be, or to become employed by a Competing Business. As used herein, solicit shall include, without limitation, requesting,
encouraging, enticing, assisting, or causing, directly or indirectly.

3.4Nondisparagement. The Executive agrees that during the Term and thereafter whether or not he is receiving any amounts pursuant
to Sections 2.3 and 4.1, the Executive shall not make any statements or comments that reasonably could be considered to shed an adverse
light on the business or reputation of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensees,

9 

the Board or any officer of the Corporation
or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensees; provided, however, the foregoing limitation shall not apply to (i) compliance with
legal process or subpoena, or (ii) statements in response to an inquiry from a court or regulatory body.

3.5Remedies.

(a)The Executive acknowledges and agrees that in the event the Executive has breached any provision of this Article III, that such
conduct will constitute a failure of the consideration for which stock awards had been previously granted to the Executive or could be
awarded in the future to Executive, and notwithstanding the terms of any stock award agreement, plan document, or other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, the Corporation may in its sole discretion notify the Executive that all unexercised stock options, restricted
stock units, and other equity awards that Executive has are forfeited. Further, the Executive shall immediately forfeit the right to receive
any further grants of or vest any further in any unvested stock options, unvested restricted stock units or other unvested equity awards
of the Corporation at the time of such notice, and Executive waives any right to assert that any such conduct by the Corporation violates
any federal or state statute, case law or policy.

(b)If the Executive has breached any provision contained in this Article III, the Corporation shall have no further obligation to
make any payment or provide any benefit whatsoever to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement, and may also recover from the Executive
all such damages as it may be entitled to at law or in equity. In addition, the Executive acknowledges that any such breach is likely
to result in immediate and irreparable harm to the Corporation for which money damages are likely to be inadequate. Accordingly, the Executive
consents to injunctive and other appropriate equitable relief upon the institution of proceedings therefor by the Corporation in order
to protect the Corporations rights hereunder. Such relief may include, without limitation, an injunction to prevent: (i) the breach
or continuation of Executives breach; (ii) the Executive from disclosing any trade secrets or Confidential Information (as defined
in Section 3.2); (iii) any Competing Business from receiving from the Executive or using any such trade secrets or Confidential Information;
and/or (iv) any such Competing Business from retaining or seeking to retain any employees of the Corporation.

3.6The provisions of this Article III shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Executives Term of employment.

Article
IV

CHANGE IN CONTROL

4.1Change in Control.

(a)Effect of a Change in Control. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if the Executives employment
is terminated within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control (as defined in Section 4.1(b) hereof) during the Term by the Corporation
for any reason other than Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, then:

(i)Severance. The Corporation shall pay to the Executive, in lieu of any amounts otherwise due to him under Section 2.3(a)
hereof, within fifteen (15) days of the Executives termination of employment, or within the timeframe required by Section 2.3(a)(v)

10 

hereof if applicable, a lump sum amount equal
to two (2) times the sum of: (A) the Executives Base Compensation, as in effect immediately prior to such termination of employment;
and (B) the bonus paid to the Executive for the most recently completed fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which his employment is
terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, a portion of such lump
sum payment will not be payable at such time if the duration of the Severance Period that would have otherwise applied under Section 2.3(a)(i)
(had a Change in Control not occurred during the twelve-month period prior to such termination of employment) would have extended beyond
the end of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs (any such period beyond
the end of such second calendar year is the Extended Severance Payment Period). In addition, such other amounts that
otherwise would have been payable to the Executive under Section 2.3(a)(i) had a Change in Control not occurred during the twelve (12)
month period prior to such termination of employment, and that would have constituted nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section
409A of the Code, will also not be included as part of such lump sum payment. In such event, an amount equal to the aggregate installment
payments that would have been payable during the Extended Severance Payment Period, and the amounts described in the preceding sentence,
shall be deducted from the amount otherwise payable in a lump sum in accordance with the first sentence hereof. Such deducted amount shall,
instead, be payable at the same time that, and in the same manner as, such payments would have been paid if the Executives employment
had been terminated pursuant to Section 2.3(a) hereof rather than within a twelve-month period following a Change in Control.

(ii)Stock Awards. Subject to Section 2.3(a)(v), the Executive shall immediately become vested in any unvested stock options
granted to the Executive by the Corporation prior to the Change in Control and Executive will have six (6) months from the date of termination
under this circumstance to exercise all vested options (but in no event later than the expiration date of such options). In addition,
subject to Section 2.3(a)(v), any awards of PSUs and restricted shares which are unvested shall be deemed vested immediately prior to
such Change in Control.

(b)Definition. For purposes hereof, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following:

(i) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition,
in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation to any person or
group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Act))
other than Permitted Holders;

(ii) any person or group is or becomes the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Act, except that a person shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership
of all shares that any such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of
time), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the total voting power of the voting stock of the Corporation, including by
way of merger, consolidation or otherwise; provided, however, that for purposes of
this Agreement, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (I) any acquisition by the Corporation or any affiliate,
(II) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Corporation or any affiliate, (III) any acquisition by
one or more

11 

of the Permitted Holders, or (IV) any acquisition which complies with clauses
(A), (B) and (C) of subsection (v) below;

(iii) during any period
of twelve (12) consecutive months, Present and/or
New Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board;

(iv) the Permitted Holders beneficial ownership
of the total voting power of the voting stock of the Corporation falls below 30 percent and either Ralph Lauren is not nominated for a
position on the Board of Directors, or he stands for election to the Board of Directors and is not elected;

(v) the consummation
of a reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving
the Corporation that requires the approval of the Corporations stockholders, whether for such transaction or the issuance of securities
in the transaction (a Business Combination), unless immediately following such Business Combination: (A) more than 50% of
the total voting power of (x) the entity resulting from such Business Combination (the Surviving Company), or (y) if applicable,
the ultimate parent entity that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership of sufficient voting securities eligible to elect a majority
of the members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing body) of the Surviving Company (the Parent Company),
is represented by the shares of voting stock of the Corporation that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination (or,
if applicable, is represented by shares into which the shares of voting stock of the Corporation were converted pursuant to such Business
Combination), and such voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion as the voting power was among the
holders of the shares of voting stock of the Corporation that were outstanding immediately prior to the Business Combination, (B) no person
(other than any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Surviving Company or the Parent Company, or one or more Permitted
Holders), is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting
securities eligible to elect members of the board of directors of the Parent Company (or the analogous governing body) (or, if there is
no Parent Company, the Surviving Company) and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing
body) of the Parent Company (or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company) following the consummation of the Business Combination
were Board members at the time of the Boards approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Business Combination;
or

(vi) the stockholders
of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation.

For purposes of this Section
4.1(b), the following terms have the meanings indicated: Permitted Holders shall mean, as of the date of determination:
(A) any and all of Ralph Lauren, his spouse, his siblings and their spouses, and descendants of them (whether natural or adopted) (collectively,
the Lauren Group); and (B) any trust established and maintained primarily for the benefit of any member of the Lauren Group
and any entity controlled by any member of the Lauren Group. Present Directors shall mean individuals who at the beginning
of any one year period were members of the Board. New Directors shall mean any
directors whose election by the Board or

12 

whose nomination for election by the shareholders
of the Corporation was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors of the Corporation who, at the time of such vote, were either
Present Directors or New Directors but excluding any such individual whose initial assumption of office
occurs solely as a result of an actual or threatened proxy contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual
or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a person other than the Board.

Article
V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1Notice. For the purposes of this Agreement, notices, demands and all other communications provided for in the Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand or mailed by United States registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to the Executive: Robert Ranftl

At the most recent home address maintained by the 

Corporation in its personnel records

If to the Corporation: Ralph Lauren Corporation

Legal Department

100 Metro Boulevard, 6th Floor

Nutley, NJ 07110

Attn: General Counsel

or to such other address
as any party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective
only upon receipt.

5.2Modification or Waiver; Entire Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be modified or waived except in a document
signed by the Executive and the Corporation. This Agreement, along with any documents incorporated herein by reference, including but
not limited to the Term Sheet, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding their employment relationship and supersedes
all prior agreements, amendments, promises, covenants, representations or warranties. To the extent that this Agreement is in any way
inconsistent with any prior or contemporaneous stock award agreements between the parties, this Agreement shall control. No agreements
or representations, oral or otherwise, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party that are not set forth
expressly in this Agreement. Any amendments to this Agreement must be in writing and must be signed and agreed to by both the Corporation
and the Executive. Executive agrees that if the Corporation informs him that an amendment to this Agreement is required in order for Executive
and/or the Corporation to comply with a material change in law or governmental regulation, Executive will not unreasonably withhold his
agreement to such an amendment subject to being provided the opportunity to consult with counsel of his choice.

5.3Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed
by the laws of the State of New York without reference to New Yorks choice of law rules. Any controversy, claim or dispute arising
out of or

13 

relating to this Agreement or Executives
employment, whether contractual or non-contractual, including without limitation any federal or state statutory claim, common law or tort
claim, or claim for attorneys fees, as well as any such controversy, claim or dispute between Executive and an officer, director or employee
of the Corporation related to Executives employment or to this Agreement, shall be brought before a three-member arbitration panel
and held in New York City in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) then in effect. The
arbitrators shall issue a full written opinion setting forth the reasons for their decision. Such arbitration, all filings, evidence and
testimony connected with the arbitration, and all relevant allegations and events leading up to the arbitration, shall be held in strict
confidence, unless disclosure is required by law or SEC or other governmental reporting obligation. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators
award in any court having jurisdiction. Executive acknowledges that any arbitration brought under this Agreement must be on an individual
basis, and Executive may not join or consolidate claims in arbitration by other employees, or litigate in court or arbitrate any claims
as a representative or member of a class. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may seek injunctive or other declaratory relief
to enforce any provision of Article III of this Agreement in any court of competent jurisdiction.

5.4No Mitigation or Offset. In the event the Executives employment with the Corporation terminates for any reason, the
Executive shall not be obligated to seek other employment following such termination and there shall be no offset of the payments or benefits
set forth herein.

5.5Withholding. All payments required to be made by the Corporation hereunder to the Executive or the Executives estate
or beneficiaries shall be subject to the withholding of such amounts as the Corporation may reasonably determine it should withhold pursuant
to any applicable law.

5.6Attorneys Fees. Unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, each party shall bear its own attorneys
fees and costs incurred in any action or dispute arising out of this Agreement and/or the employment relationship.

5.7No Conflict. Executive represents and warrants that he is not party to any agreement, contract, understanding, covenant,
judgment or decree or under any obligation, contractual or otherwise, with any other party that in any way restricts or adversely affects
his ability to act for the Corporation in all of the respects contemplated hereby, including but not limited to any obligations to comply
with any non-compete or non-solicitation provisions. Executive represents and warrants that he has not disclosed, will not disclose, and
has no intention of disclosing any trade secrets or any confidential and/or proprietary business information of any other company to the
Corporation or to any individual employed by or associated with the Corporation, nor has he used or will he use any such information for
the Corporations or his benefit.

5.8Enforceability. Each of the covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement are separate and independent covenants,
each of which has been separately bargained for and the parties hereto intend that the provisions of each such covenant shall be enforced
to the fullest extent permissible. Should the whole or any part or provision of any such separate covenant be held or declared invalid,
such invalidity shall not in any way affect the validity of any other

14 

such covenant or of any part or provision of
the same covenant not also held or declared invalid. If any covenant shall be found to be invalid but would be valid if some part thereof
were deleted or the period or area of application reduced, then such covenant shall apply with such minimum modification as may be necessary
to make it valid and effective. The failure of either party at any time to require performance by the other party of any provision hereunder
will in no way affect the right of that party thereafter to enforce the same, nor will it affect any other partys right to enforce
the same, or to enforce any of the other provisions in this Agreement; nor will the waiver by either party of the breach of any provision
hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of any prior or subsequent breach of such provision or as a waiver of the provision itself.

5.9Miscellaneous. No right or interest to, or in, any payments shall be assignable by the Executive; provided, however,
that this provision shall not preclude the Executive from designating in writing one or more beneficiaries to receive any amount that
may be payable after the Executives death and shall not preclude the legal representative of the Executives estate from
assigning any right hereunder to the person or persons entitled thereto. If the Executive should die while any amounts would still be
payable to the Executive hereunder, all such amounts shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the Executives
written designee or, if there be no such designee, to the Executives estate. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure
to the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, the Executive, the Executives heirs and legal representatives and the Corporation
and its successors. The section headings shall not be taken into account for purposes of the construction of any provision of this Agreement.

5.10Meaning of Signing This Agreement. By signing this Agreement, Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that (a) he has
carefully read it and fully understands what it means; (b) he has been advised in writing to discuss this Agreement with an independent
attorney of his own choosing before signing it and has had a reasonable opportunity to confer with his attorney and has discussed and
reviewed this Agreement with his attorney prior to executing it and delivering it to the Corporation; (c) he has had answered to his satisfaction
any questions he has with regard to the meaning and significance of any of the provisions of this Agreement; and (d) he has agreed to
this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily of his own free will and was not subjected to any undue influence or duress, and assents to all
the terms and conditions contained herein with the intent to be bound hereby.

5.11Compliance with Section 409A. The parties acknowledge and agree that, to the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be
interpreted in accordance with, and the parties agree to use their best efforts to achieve timely compliance with, Section 409A of the
Code and the Department of Treasury Regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder (Section 409A), including
without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding any provision of
this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the Corporation determines that any compensation or benefits payable or provided hereunder
may be subject to Section 409A, the Corporation reserves the right (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify the Executive for
failure to do so) to adopt such limited amendments to this Agreement and appropriate policies and procedures, including amendments and
policies with retroactive effect, that the Corporation reasonably determines are necessary or appropriate to (a) exempt the compensation
and benefits payable under this Agreement from Section 409A and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the compensation and benefits
provided with respect to this Agreement or (b) comply with the requirements of Section 409A.

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Agreement effective as of the date and year first above written.

RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Roseann Lynch 

Roseann Lynch

Chief People Officer and Head of the Ralph Lauren Foundation 

Date: 1/20/2025 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Robert Ranftl 

Robert Ranftl 

Date: 1/20/2025 

16 

SCHEDULE A

Abercrombie & Fitch Co.

American Eagle Outfitters Inc.

Authentic Brands Group

Brunello Cucinelli S.p.A

Burberry Limited

Compagnie Financiere Richemont SA

Capri Holdings Limited

Chanel S.A.

Foot Locker, Inc

G-III Apparel Inc.

Gap Inc.

Giorgio Armani Corp.

Hanesbrands Inc.

Hugo Boss AG

Kering Group

J. Crew Group, Inc.

Jordache Enterprises, Inc.

Levi Strauss & Co.

lululemon athletica inc.

Lacoste S.A.

Limited Brands, Inc.

LVMH Mot Hennessy Louis Vuitton

Macys Inc.

Neiman Marcus Group, Inc.

Nike, Inc.

Nordstrom, Inc.

PVH Corp.

Tapestry Inc.

TJX Companies, Inc.

Tory Burch LLC

Under Armour, Inc.

Urban Outfitters Inc.

V.F. Corporation

Vineyard Vines LLC

Williams-Sonoma Inc.

YOOX Net-a-Porter Group

17 

Exhibit 1

Term Sheet

Robert Ranftl

Title: Chief Operating Officer

Effective Date: March 30, 2025

Base Salary: $1,000,000 annually (less all applicable local, state, and federal taxes and other deductions)

Executive 

Incentive Plan: You will continue
to be eligible to participate in the Executive Incentive Plan (EIP) for Fiscal 2026.

Bonus target is 100% of your fiscal year salary earnings

Your bonus opportunity will be based on 100% total Company performance

Calculation can flex up or down by -10% to +10% based on achievement of strategic goal

The maximum bonus opportunity (including strategic goal adjustment) is 200% of your fiscal year salary earnings

(At all times your bonus opportunity will be governed by and
subject to the terms and conditions of the Companys EIP as set forth in its annual EIP overviews or other similar documents, and
nothing contained herein restricts the Companys rights to alter, amend or terminate the EIP at any time.)

Long-Term 

Incentive Plan: You will continue to be eligible to participate in the Ralph Lauren Corporation 2019 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (LTSIP)
or any successor plan. Stock awards are subject to ratification by the Talent, Culture & Total Rewards Committee of the Board of Directors
(Talent Committee). In accordance with the terms of the LTSIP, you will be eligible to receive an annual stock award with
an increased target grant value of $2,250,000 beginning with the Fiscal 2026 grant cycle, anticipated to be in summer 2025.

Relocation: You are eligible but not required to relocate your home location from North Carolina to the New York City metropolitan area (NYMetro).
If you choose to relocate to NYMetro, you will be entitled to relocation benefits in accordance with the Corporations relocation
program (please refer to the Ralph Lauren Relocation Policy in effect at the time of your request) to assist with that relocation, subject
to your signing the Corporations standard relocation agreement, as may be changed from time to time.

18 

Continued International 

Tax Professional Services: The
Company will continue to provide and pay for the services of an international accounting firm to furnish you with professional international
tax services in connection with the calendar tax years in which you worked on international assignment outside the United States.

Stock Ownership 

Guidelines: You are and will be subject to the Companys Stock Ownership Guidelines as directed by the Talent
Committee. 

19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>eh250580540_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
99.1

Ralph
Lauren Announces Enterprise Leadership Changes

Bob
Ranftl named Chief Operating Officer

Mercedes
Abramo to join Company as Regional Chief Executive Officer, North America

NEW
YORK January 21, 2025 Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE: RL) announces the appointment of Bob Ranftl as Chief Operating
Officer (COO) effective March 30, 2025, succeeding Jane Nielsen, whose planned departure was previously
announced as part of a multi-year strategic succession plan. Ranftl, who joined Ralph Lauren in 2015 and has served in multiple
financial and commercial roles within the Company, is currently the Regional Chief Executive Officer (CEO) for North America. He will
be succeeded in this role by Mercedes Abramo, who will join the Company on March 1.

With
his global Ralph Lauren experience, extensive operational background and deep love for our brand, Bob is uniquely qualified to serve
as our next Chief Operating Officer after laying strong foundations that pivoted North America to growth, said Patrice Louvet,
President and Chief Executive Officer of Ralph Lauren Corporation. As we progress on our path toward long-term, sustainable growth
in North America, Mercedess proven luxury retail and people leadership, and her deep understanding of the market and consumer,
make her a natural choice to be our next Regional CEO for North America. Ralph and I look forward to her partnership and leadership.

Ranftl
has held successive leadership roles at Ralph Lauren across multiple regions including as COO of North America, Asia Pacific and EMEA,
bringing deep understanding of the Companys strategy, brand, and value chain, and how key operating functions enable the business
to deliver Ralphs vision. In his most recent role as Regional CEO for North America, Ranftl oversaw strategic expansion across
key cities, direct-to-consumer entry into the Canadian market, and strategic repositioning of wholesale, putting the region back on a
path for growth. As COO, Ranftl will oversee IT, logistics, real estate, architecture, and store design, as well as the Companys
licensing organization, and will play a key role in enabling continued growth in the regions.

Over
the past 10 years, it has been a privilege to work with our teams to bring Ralphs vision to life for consumers in different markets
around the world, said Ranftl. The North America team has set the foundation for the regions bright future ahead
under Mercedess leadership. The Company is in a strong position, and as COO, I look forward to driving the operational excellence
that will help enable long-term success.

Abramo
joins Ralph Lauren from Cartier S.A., where she most recently served as Deputy Chief Commercial Officer. In her role as Regional CEO
for North America, Abramo returns to New York, where her retail leadership career began, starting as Director of Cartiers Fifth
Avenue flagship, before becoming Vice President of Retail and then President and CEO of Cartier North America.

I
am deeply inspired by brands that have rich history and heritage, and that create a lifelong emotional connection with their consumers
by staying true to who they are while innovating

and
maintaining relevance. Time and time again, Ralph Lauren has achieved this, helping to define American luxury, said Abramo. The
North American market is incredibly diverse, dynamic and full of opportunity. I am proud to join the team at one of the most exciting
times in the Companys history and to help lead the region in its next stage of growth.

Ranftl
and Abramo will serve as members of the Companys enterprise leadership team, reporting to Patrice Louvet.

ABOUT
RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION

Ralph
Lauren Corporation (NYSE: RL) is a global leader in the design, marketing and distribution of luxury lifestyle products in five categories:
apparel, footwear & accessories, home, fragrances and hospitality. For more than 50 years, Ralph Lauren has sought to inspire the
dream of a better life through authenticity and timeless style. Its reputation and distinctive image have been developed across a wide
range of products, brands, distribution channels and international markets. The Companys brand names which include Ralph
Lauren, Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Polo Ralph Lauren, Double RL, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children
and Chaps, among others constitute one of the worlds most widely recognized families of consumer brands. For more information,
visit corporate.ralphlauren.com.

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
press release contains goals, initiatives and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, statements regarding our current expectations
about the Company's future operating results and financial condition, the implementation and results of our strategic plans and initiatives,
and the senior management of the Company. Forward-looking statements are indicated by words or phrases such as aim, anticipate,
outlook, estimate, ensure, commit, expect, project,
believe, envision, seek, goal, target, can, will,
and similar words or phrases. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which
may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements
expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based largely on the Company's expectations
and judgments and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are unforeseeable and beyond Company control. The factors
that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to materially differ from forward-looking statements include, among others,
the risk factors identified in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on
Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rl-20250120.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rl-20250120_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rl-20250120_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 20, 2025

Entity File Number 001-13057

Entity Registrant Name RALPH LAUREN
CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001037038

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-2622036

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 650 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 318-7000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, $.01 par value

Trading Symbol RL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://ralphlauren.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

eh250580540_8k.htm 
rl-20250120.xsd 
rl-20250120_lab.xml 
rl-20250120_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000950142-25-000154-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>eh250580540_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001037038 

2025-01-20 
2025-01-20 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001037038 
8-K 
2025-01-20 
RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION 
DE 
001-13057 
13-2622036 
650 Madison Avenue 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
318-7000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $.01 par value 
RL 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>