<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-048426.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-048426.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401154353
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-048426
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pactiv Evergreen Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527508
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS, FOIL & COATED PAPER BAGS [2673]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				880927268
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39528
		FILM NUMBER:		25799342

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 W. FIELD COURT
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60045
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(847) 482-7642

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 W. FIELD COURT
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60045

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reynolds Group Holdings Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110805
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ptve-20250401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

--12-31false000152750800015275082025-04-012025-04-01

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 1, 2025

PACTIV EVERGREEN INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-39528 

88-0927268

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1900 W. Field Court 

Lake Forest, Illinois 

60045

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:847482-2000

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.001 par value 

PTVE 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

On April 1, 2025 (the Closing Date), pursuant to the previously announced Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 9, 2024 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement), by and among Pactiv Evergreen Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Novolex Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Novolex), and Alpha Lion Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Novolex (Merger Sub), Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Novolex (the Company, as the surviving corporation of the Merger, is sometimes referred to herein as the Surviving Corporation).

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On the Closing Date, Clydesdale Acquisition Holdings, Inc., the parent of Novolex (Clydesdale), Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Trustee), the Company, certain of the Companys subsidiaries (together with the Company, the Company Guarantors) and certain subsidiary guarantors of Clydesdale (the Clydesdale Guarantors, and together with the Company Guarantors, the Subsidiary Guarantors) entered into that certain Supplemental Indenture to that certain Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date, among Clydesdale and the Trustee (the 2032 Notes Indenture), governing Clydesdales issuance of 6.750% Senior Secured Notes due in 2032 with an initial aggregate principal amount of $1,415 million (the 2032 Notes), pursuant to which the Company and the other Subsidiary Guarantors agreed to guarantee Clydesdales obligations under the 2032 Notes Indenture and the 2032 Notes. The 2032 Notes and the related guarantees are secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all of the assets of Clydesdale and the Subsidiary Guarantors (subject to certain exclusions and exceptions). The 2032 Notes Indenture and the 2032 Notes include restrictive covenants, events of default and other provisions that are customary for obligations of this type.

Additionally, on the Closing Date, the Company Guarantors entered into that certain (i) Supplemental Indenture to that certain Indenture, among Clydesdale, the Clydesdale Guarantors and the Trustee, governing Clydesdales issuance of 6.625% Sustainability-Linked Senior Secured notes due 2029 with an initial aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 (the 2029 Notes), (ii) Supplemental Indenture to that certain Indenture among Clydesdale, the Clydesdale Guarantors and the Trustee, governing Clydesdales issuance of 6.875% Senior Secured Notes due 2030 with an initial aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000 (the 2030 Senior Secured Notes) and (iii) Supplemental Indenture, among Clydesdale, the Clydesdale Guarantors and the Trustee, governing Clydesdales issuance of 8.750% Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due 2030 with an initial aggregate principal amount of $1,110,000,000 (the 2030 Senior Notes), together with the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Senior Secured Notes, the Existing Clydesdale Notes), pursuant to which the Company Guarantors agreed to guarantee Clydesdales obligations under the Existing Clydesdale Notes. The 2030 Senior Secured Notes and the 2030 Senior Notes and the related guarantees are secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all of the assets of Clydesdale and the Subsidiary Guarantors (subject to certain exclusions and exceptions). The Existing Clydesdale Notes include restrictive covenants, events of default and other provisions that are customary for obligations of this type.

On the Closing Date, the Company Guarantors entered into that certain Supplement No. 1, dated as of the Closing Date, to the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among Clydesdale, the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto and UBS AG, Stamford Branch, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent), pursuant to which each Company Guarantor agreed to guarantee Clydesdales obligations under that certain First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time, the Clydesdale Credit Agreement), among Clydesdale Intermediate, Inc. (Holdings), Clydesdale, the lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent. Additionally, on the Closing Date, the Company Guarantors entered into that certain Supplement No. 1, dated as of the Closing Date, to the Collateral Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among Clydesdale, the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as collateral agent, and the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which each Company Guarantor agreed to provide a first-priority lien onsubstantially all of its assets (subject to certain exclusions and exceptions) in order to secure the obligations of Clydesdale, Holdings and the Subsidiary Guarantors under, as applicable, the Clydesdale Credit Agreement, the 2029 Notes, the 2030 Senior Secured Notes and the 2032 Notes.

Item 1.02. Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.02.

Concurrently with the closing of the Merger, (i) the Company repaid all outstanding indebtedness under the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Existing Pactiv Credit Agreement), by and among Pactiv Evergreen Group Holdings Inc., Pactiv LLC, Evergreen Packaging LLC, the Company, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, (ii) the Existing Pactiv Credit Agreement and the obligations thereunder were terminated and (iii) all related liens and guarantees were released, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Existing Pactiv Credit Agreement.

Also, concurrently with the closing of the Merger, the Company and Packaging Finance Limited (PFL) terminated (i) the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2020, by and between the Company and PFL, and (ii) the Stockholders Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2020, by and between the Company and PFL.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, as previously disclosed, on March 19, 2025, Pactiv Evergreen Group Issuer Inc. (f/k/a Reynolds Group Issuer Inc.) and Pactiv Evergreen Group Issuer LLC (f/k/a Reynolds Group Issuer LLC) (collectively, the Notes Issuers), each a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, caused to be delivered to the holders of the Notes Issuers 4.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes) and 4.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes and, together with the 2027 Notes, the Existing Pactiv Notes), in each case, a notice of conditional full redemption (each, a Notice) relating to the conditional redemption of all of the issued and outstanding Existing Pactiv Notes of such series, pursuant to, in the case of the 2027 Notes, that certain Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2020, by and among the Notes Issuers, each of the guarantors party thereto from time to time, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Notes Trustee), and The Bank of New York Mellon, as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent), as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 13, 2021 (as so supplemented, the 2027 Notes Indenture), and, in the case of the 2028 Notes, that certain Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2021, by and among the Notes Issuers, each of the guarantors party thereto from time to time, the Notes Trustee, as trustee, and the Collateral Agent, as collateral agent, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 13, 2021 (as so supplemented, together with the 2027 Notes Indenture, the Existing Pactiv Notes Indentures). Each Notice provided that the Notes Issuers intended to conditionally redeem the entire outstanding aggregate principal amount of the applicable series of Existing Pactiv Notes on April 1, 2025, for the applicable redemption price provided for in the applicable Existing Pactiv Notes Indenture, conditioned upon the consummation of the Merger. On April 1, 2025, following deposit of the applicable redemption price and other applicable amounts with the Notes Trustee, the obligations of the Notes Issuers, the Company and the other guarantors under the applicable Existing Pactiv Notes Indenture and the applicable series of Existing Pactiv Notes were paid in full and terminated, and the security interests in the collateral for the benefit of the Existing Pactiv Notes were released.

Also, concurrently with the closing of the Merger, Pactiv LLC caused to be delivered to the holders of its 8.375% Debentures due 2027 (the Debentures) a notice of redemption relating to the redemption on May 1, 2025 (the Redemption Date) of all of the issued and outstanding Debentures, pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of September 29, 1999, by and between Pactiv LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Debentures Trustee), as supplemented by the Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 4, 1999 (as so supplemented, the Debentures Indenture), for the redemption price provided for in the Debentures Indenture. Pactiv LLC satisfied and discharged such Debentures through the irrevocable deposit with the Debentures Trustee, on April 1, 2025, of the amount of funds required to redeem such Debentures plus all other sums payable under the Debentures Indenture by Pactiv LLC on the Redemption Date.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

At the effective time of the Merger on the Closing Date (the Effective Time) and pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (each, a Share), issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any Shares (i) held in the treasury of the Company, (ii) owned, directly or indirectly, by Novolex or Merger Sub, (iii) owned, directly or indirectly, by any wholly owned subsidiary of the Company or (iv) held by any holder or beneficially owned by a beneficial owner who had properly demanded appraisal of such Shares pursuant to Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) was converted automatically into the right to receive $18.00 in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration). Novolex and Clydesdale have obtained equity financing and debt financing commitments, respectively, for the purpose of financing the aggregate Merger Consideration of approximately $2,750 million and other related fees and expenses.

Additionally, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger:

Each restricted stock unit granted pursuant to the Companys Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (the Company Stock Plan) that vested based solely on continued service (each, a Company RSU), whether vested or unvested, that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, was canceled in exchange for a right to receive, as soon as practicable after the closing of the Merger, an amount in cash (without interest, and subject to deduction for any required tax withholding) equal to the product of (i) the Merger Consideration and (ii) the number of Shares subject to such Company RSU (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any dividend shares accrued thereon as contemplated by the applicable award agreement governing such Company RSU). 

Each performance share unit granted pursuant to the Company Stock Plan (each, a Company PSU) that was outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was canceled in exchange for a right to receive, as soon as practicable after the closing of the Merger, an amount in cash (without interest, and subject to deduction for any required tax withholding) equal to the product of (i) the Merger Consideration and (ii) the number of Shares to which the holder of such Company PSU 

would have been entitled upon settlement thereof assuming satisfaction of the associated performance goals at 132% of target achievement, in the case of Company PSUs granted in 2023, and at 100% of target achievement, in the case of Company PSUs granted in 2024 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any dividend shares accrued thereon as contemplated by the applicable award agreement governing such Company PSU).

The foregoing description of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 9, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03.Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 and Item 1.02 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Item 2.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01.

In connection with the completion of the Merger, on the Closing Date, the Company notified the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) that the Merger had been completed and requested that Nasdaq suspend trading of the Shares on Nasdaq prior to the opening of trading on the Closing Date. In addition, the Company requested that Nasdaq file with the SEC a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration on Form 25 under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), to delist and deregister the Shares from Nasdaq.

After the Form 25 becomes effective, the Company intends to file with the SEC a Certification and Notice of Termination of Registration on Form 15 under the Exchange Act requesting the deregistration of the Shares under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Item 1.02, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, at the Effective Time, the holders of Shares immediately prior to such time (except as described in Item 2.01 of this Current Report) ceased to have any rights as stockholders of the Company (other than their right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement).

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. Novolex obtained the funds necessary to fund the Merger through (i) the issuance of the 2032 Notes, (ii) the issuance of new term loans under the Clydesdale Credit Agreement, (iii) cash on hand and (iv) equity contributions, including from affiliates of funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc., an affiliate of Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and certain co-investors.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Novolex.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Item 2.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02.

Effective as of the Effective Time, (i) each of LeighAnne G. Baker, Duncan J. Hawkesby, Allen P. Hugli, Michael J. King, Linda K. Massman, Rolf Stangl and Felicia Thornton resigned from his or her respective position as a member of the Companys Board of Directors, and any committee thereof, (ii) Daniel L. Rikard, the sole director of Merger Sub, became the sole director of the Company, (iii) Mr. Rikard resigned from his position as a member of the Companys Board of Directors, (iv) Stanley Bikulege was appointed as the sole director of the Company, (v) Michael J. King resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer of the Company, (vi) Jonathan H. Baksht resigned as Chief Financial Officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer of the Company, (vii) Chandra J. Mitchell resigned as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company, (viii) Stanley Bikulege was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, (ix) Dennis Norman was appointed as Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer of the Company and (x) Daniel L. Rikard was appointed as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company. The resignations referred to in clauses (i) and (iii) were not related to any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and in Item 2.01 of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time and by virtue of the Merger, the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and its Amended and Restated Bylaws, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, were each further amended and restated in their entirety, to read as set forth in Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to this Current Report, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

2.1* 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 9, 2024, by and among Pactiv Evergreen Inc., Novolex Holdings, LLC and Alpha Lion Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 9, 2024).

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Pactiv Evergreen Inc., dated April 1, 2025.

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Pactiv Evergreen Inc., dated April 1, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

*Schedules or exhibits omitted pursuant to item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, as may be applicable. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act, as amended, for any schedule or exhibit so furnished.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 1, 2025

PACTIV EVERGREEN INC.

By: 

/s/ Daniel L. Rikard

Daniel L. Rikard

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ptve-ex3_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

PACTIV EVERGREEN INC.

FIRST: The name of this Corporation shall be Pactiv Evergreen Inc. (the Corporation).

SECOND: Its registered office in the State of Delaware is to be located at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19808, United States, and the name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

THIRD: The purpose or purposes of the Corporation shall be to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (the DGCL).

FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock which this Corporation is authorized to issue is 1,000. All such shares are of one class and are shares of Common Stock with the par value of $0.01per share.

FIFTH: This Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

SIXTH: The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation.

SEVENTH: To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, the personal liability of the directors of the Corporation for monetary damages to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director is hereby eliminated.

EIGHTH: Indemnification of Officers and Directors.

(a) A director of the Corporation shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL.

(b) Each person (and the heirs, executors or administrators of such person) who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, whether by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor or not and whether threatened, pending or completed, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article 8 shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an officer or director in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding, in advance of its final disposition to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL (including any expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding, which shall be paid by the Corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article 8). Without limiting the foregoing in any respect, the Corporation shall indemnify to the maximum extent permitted by the DGCL any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and except that no such indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court shall deem proper and to the extent that

a director or officer of the Corporation shall be successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any such action, suit or proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article 8 shall be a contractual right.

(c) The Corporation may, by action of its Board of Directors, provide indemnification to some of the employees and agents of the Corporation to such extent and to such effect as the Board of Directors shall determine to be appropriate and authorized by the DGCL. The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss incurred by such person in any capacity or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the DGCL.

(d) The rights and authority conferred in this Article 8 shall not be exclusive of any other right that any person may otherwise have or hereafter acquire or may be entitled, whether pursuant to any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.

(e) Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article 8, nor the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, any modification of law, shall adversely affect any right or protection of any person granted pursuant hereto existing at, or arising out of or related to any event, adoption or modification (regardless of when any proceeding (or part thereof) relating to such event, act or omission arises or is first threatened, commenced or completed).

(f) For the purposes of this Article 8, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence

had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article 8 with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued and references to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include service as a director or officer of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the corporation as referred to in this Article 8.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ptve-ex3_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

PACTIV EVERGREEN INC.

Dated as of: April 1, 2025

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1. REGISTERED OFFICES. The registered office shall be in Wilmington, Delaware, or such other location as the Board of Directors may determine or the business of the corporation may require.

Section 2. OTHER OFFICES. The corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. PLACE OF MEETINGS. Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place within or outside the State of Delaware as designated by the Board of Directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders meetings shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation.

Section 2. ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS. The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and a time designated by the Board of Directors. At each annual meeting, directors shall be elected, and any other proper business may be transacted.

Section 3. QUORUM; ADJOURNED MEETINGS AND NOTICE THEREOF. A majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, the holders of which are present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by law, by the amended and restated certificate of incorporation (Certificate of Incorporation), or by these Bylaws. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum and the votes present may continue to transact business until adjournment. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, a majority of the voting stock represented in person or by proxy may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be

Doc#: US1:21063744v4

transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote thereat.

Section 4. VOTING. When a quorum is present at any meeting, in all matters other than the election of directors, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the statutes, or the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, a different vote is required in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of stock having voting power, registered in his name on the books of the corporation on the record date set by the Board of Directors as provided in Article V, Section 5 hereof.

Section 5. PROXIES. At each meeting of the stockholders, each stockholder having the right to vote may vote in person or may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy appointed by an instrument in writing subscribed by such stockholder and bearing a date not more than three years prior to said meeting, unless said instrument provides for a longer period. All proxies must be filed with the Secretary of the corporation at the beginning of each meeting in order to be counted in any vote at the meeting.

Section 6. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, may be called by the President and shall be called by the President or the Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority in amount of the entire capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding, and entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 7. NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which notice shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. The written notice of any meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting. If mailed, notice is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the corporation.

Section 8. MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF STOCKHOLDER LIST. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business

2

hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

Section 9. STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or to an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by this Section 9 to the corporation, written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business or to an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 1. THE NUMBER OF DIRECTORS. The initial number of directors shall be equal to the number of directors appointed by the incorporator. Thereafter, the Board of Directors shall consist of at least one director, the number thereof to be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. The directors need not be stockholders. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 2 of this Article, and the directors elected shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified; provided, however, that unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or by law, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, either with or without cause, from the Board of Directors at any meeting of stockholders by a majority of the stock represented and entitled to vote thereat.

Section 2. VACANCIES. Vacancies on the Board of Directors by reason of death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office, or otherwise, and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a

3

majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. The directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election of directors and until their successors are duly elected and shall qualify, unless sooner displaced. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be held in the manner provided by statute.

Section 3. POWERS. The property and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of its Board of Directors.

Section 4. PLACE OF DIRECTORS MEETINGS. The directors may hold their meetings and have one or more offices and keep the books of the corporation outside of the State of Delaware.

Section 5. REGULAR MEETINGS. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board.

Section 6. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the President on fortyeight hours notice to each director, either personally or by mail; special meetings shall be called by the President or the Secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written request of two directors unless the Board consists of only one director; in which case special meetings shall be called by the President or Secretary in like manner or on like notice on the written request of the sole director.

Section 7. QUORUM. At all meetings of the Board of Directors a majority of the authorized number of directors shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum, shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. If only one director is authorized, such sole director shall constitute a quorum.

Section 8. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.

Section 9. TELEPHONIC MEETINGS. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section 10. COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each such committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board of Directors

4

may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the corporations property and assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending the Bylaws of the corporation; and, unless the resolution or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock.

Section 11. MINUTES OF COMMITTEE MEETINGS. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required.

Section 12. COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

Section 1. OFFICERS. The officers of this corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall include a Chairman of the Board of Directors or a President, or both, and a Secretary. The corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, such other officers as are desired, including a Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 3 hereof. At the time of the election of officers, the directors may by resolution determine the order of their rank, if any. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws otherwise provide.

Section 2. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The Board of Directors, at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders, shall choose the officers of the corporation.

5

Section 3. SUBORDINATE OFFICERS. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board.

Section 4. TERM OF OFFICE; REMOVAL AND VACANCIES. The officers of the corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify in their stead. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors. If the office of any officer or officers becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy shall be filled by the Board of Directors.

Section 5. CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD. The Chairman of the Board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be from time to time assigned to him by the Board of Directors or prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no President, the Chairman of the Board shall in addition be the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 6 of this Article IV.

Section 6. PRESIDENT. Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board, if there be such an officer, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the corporation. He shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board, or if there be none, at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He shall be an exofficio member of all committees and shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of President and Chief Executive Officer of corporations, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.

Section 7. VICE PRESIDENTS. In the absence or disability of the President, the Vice Presidents in order of their rank as fixed by the Board of Directors, or if not ranked, the Vice President designated by the Board of Directors, shall perform all the duties of the President, and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. The Vice Presidents shall have such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them, respectively, by the Board of Directors.

Section 8. SECRETARY. The Secretary shall attend all sessions of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose; and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required by the Board of Directors. He shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. He shall keep in safe custody the seal of the corporation, and when authorized by the Board, affix the same to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed it shall be attested by his signature or by the signature of an Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the corporation and to attest the affixing by his signature.

6

Section 9. ASSISTANT SECRETARY. The Assistant Secretary, or if there be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors, or if there be no such determination, the Assistant Secretary designated by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

Section 10. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The Chief Financial Officer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation and shall deposit all moneys, and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the corporation, in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. He shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of all his transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, he shall give the corporation a bond, in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors, for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration to the corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in his possession or under his control belonging to the corporation.

Section 11. ASSISTANT TREASURER. The Assistant Treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors, or if there be no such determination, the Assistant Treasurer designated by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief Financial Officer and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

ARTICLE V

CERTIFICATES OF STOCK

Section 1. CERTIFICATES. At the option of the Board of Directors, the stock of the corporation may be (i) uncertificated, evidenced by entries into the corporations stock ledger or other appropriate corporate books and records, as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time, or (ii) evidenced by a certificate signed by, or in the name of the corporation by, the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Chief Financial Officer or an Assistant Treasurer of the corporation, certifying the number of shares represented by the certificate owned by such stockholder in the corporation.

Section 2. SIGNATURES ON CERTIFICATES. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue.

7

Section 3. LOST CERTIFICATES. The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

Section 4. TRANSFERS OF STOCK. Upon surrender to the corporation, or the transfer agent of the corporation, of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books.

Section 5. FIXED RECORD DATE. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date which shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors.

Section 6. REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS. The corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact thereof and accordingly shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim or interest in such share on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, save as expressly provided by the laws of the State of Delaware.

ARTICLE VI

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1. DIVIDENDS. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in

8

property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 2. PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS; DIRECTORS DUTIES. Before payment of any dividend there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the directors may abolish any such reserve.

Section 3. CHECKS. All checks or demands for money and notes of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.

Section 4. FISCAL YEAR. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 5. CORPORATE SEAL. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the corporation, the year of its organization and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

Section 6. MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE. Whenever, under the provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation or of these Bylaws, notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by mail, addressed to such director or stockholder, at his address as it appears on the records of the corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Notice to directors may also be given by telegram.

Section 7. WAIVER OF NOTICE. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation or of these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto.

ARTICLE VII

AMENDMENTS

AMENDMENT BY DIRECTORS OR STOCKHOLDERS. These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed or new Bylaws may be adopted by the stockholders or by the Board of Directors, when such power is conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate of Incorporation, at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors or at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of Directors. If the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws is conferred upon the Board of Directors by the Certificate of Incorporation it shall not divest or limit the power of the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws.

9

* * * * *

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ptve-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Cover [Abstract] 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Amendment Flag 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Document Type 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Soliciting Material 
Document Period End Date 
Trading Symbol 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Security Exchange Name 
Written Communications 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
City Area Code 
Local Phone Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity Registrant Name PACTIV EVERGREEN INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001527508

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity File Number 001-39528

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0927268

Entity Address, Address Line One 1900 W. Field Court

Entity Address, City or Town Lake Forest

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60045

City Area Code 847

Local Phone Number 482-2000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol PTVE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://pactiv.com/20250401/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ptve-20250401.htm 
ptve-20250401.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-048426-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ptve-20250401_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001527508 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

--12-31 
false 
0001527508 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
PACTIV EVERGREEN INC. 
DE 
001-39528 
88-0927268 
1900 W. Field Court 
Lake Forest 
IL 
60045 
847 
482-2000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.001 par value 
PTVE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>