<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-043254.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-043254.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250321163219
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-043254
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			European Wax Center, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001856236
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				863150064
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0106

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40714
		FILM NUMBER:		25760999

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5830 GRANITE PARKWAY, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		469-264-8123

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5830 GRANITE PARKWAY, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ewcz-20250321.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000185623600018562362025-03-212025-03-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 21, 2025

EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-40714 

86-3150064

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

5830 Granite Parkway, 3rd Floor

Plano, Texas 

75024

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (469)264-8123

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share 

EWCZ 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On March 21, 2025, the board of directors (the Board) of European Wax Center, Inc. (the Company) approved the European Wax Center, Inc. 2025 Inducement Plan (the 2025 Inducement Plan), which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report), and the forms of the Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Inducement Option Award Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, to this Current Report. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4), the Company did not seek approval of the 2025 Inducement Plan by its stockholders. Pursuant to the Inducement Plan, the Company may grant nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and certain other stock-based awards for up to a total of 4,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.00001 per share, to employees entering into employment or returning to employment after a bona fide period of non-employment with the Company.

The foregoing summaries of the 2025 Inducement Plan, form of Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Award agreement and form of Inducement Option Award Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in its entirety by reference to the 2025 Inducement Plan, form of Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Award agreement and form of Inducement Option Award Agreement, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 

European Wax Center, Inc. 2025 Inducement Plan.

10.2 

Form of Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement.

10.3 

Form of Inducement Option Award Agreement.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

Date: March 21, 2025 

By: 

/s/ GAVIN M. O'CONNOR

Name: Gavin M. O'Connor

Title: Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ewcz-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

2025 Inducement Plan

1.

Purpose. The purpose of the European Wax Center, Inc. 2025 Inducement Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan) is to help European Wax Center, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its Subsidiaries, whether existing or thereafter acquired or formed, and any and all successor entities, the Company) provide an inducement to secure and retain the services of Eligible Persons (as defined in Section 6) by providing them the opportunity to acquire an equity interest in the Company.

This Plan is intended to meet the requirements of a plan providing for inducement grants under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) and the official regulations thereunder (together, the Inducement Listing Rule) and shall be administered in accordance with such intent. Each Award under the Plan is intended to qualify as an employment inducement award under the Inducement Listing Rule or to qualify under the exception relating to plans or arrangements relating to an acquisition or merger under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(3) and the official guidance thereunder.

2.

Effective Date; Duration. The effective date of the Plan is March 21, 2025 (the Effective Date).

3.

Definitions. The following definitions shall apply throughout the Plan:

(a)

Administrator means the Committee, or subcommittee thereof or, if no such committee or subcommittee thereof exists, or if the Board otherwise takes action hereunder on behalf of the Committee, the Board, in all cases subject to the last sentence of Section 4(a). 

(b)

Affiliate means (i) any person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company and/or (ii) to the extent provided by the Administrator, any person or entity in which the Company has a significant interest. The term control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by and under common control with), as applied to any person or entity, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise.

(c)

Award means, individually or collectively, any Nonqualified Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, or Other Stock-Based Award granted under the Plan.

(d)

Award Agreement means any agreement (whether in written or electronic form) or other instrument or document evidencing any Award granted under the Plan (including, in each case, in electronic form), which may, but need not, be executed or acknowledged by a Participant (as determined by the Administrator).

(e)

Beneficial Ownership has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under Section 13 of the Exchange Act.

(f)

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(g)

Cause means, the definition set forth in the Participants Employment Agreement; provided, that if no Employment Agreement which defines cause is in effect at the time of determination, Cause shall, unless otherwise defined in an Award Agreement, mean the following: (i) the indictment, conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere by, the Participant to (x) a felony or (y) other crime 

involving fraud or moral turpitude; (ii) commission of any act of material dishonesty or breach of trust or any act constituting fraud, embezzlement, theft, the misappropriation or misuse of funds, money, assets or other property of the Company or its Affiliates, customers or suppliers by the Participant; (iii) the attempt to obtain any personal benefit from any transaction in which the Participant has an interest not disclosed to the Administrator which is adverse to the interests of the Company or its Affiliates; (iv) reporting to work under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs or repeatedly using alcohol to the point of intoxication or illegal drugs, whether or not at the workplace; (v) failure or refusal to perform duties, or gross negligence in the performance of Participants duties and responsibilities, as reasonably directed by any member of the Company or its Affiliates, other than as a result of a disability or other approved absence, which (if capable of cure) is not cured to the Administrators reasonable satisfaction within 10 calendar days after written notice thereof to the Participant; (vi) violations of the rules, regulations, procedures, policies or instructions (whether written or oral) relating to the conduct of employees, directors, managers and/or consultants of the Company or its Affiliates which (if capable of cure) is not cured to the Administrators reasonable satisfaction within 10 calendar days after written notice thereof to the Participant; (vii) any act or omission to act of Participant that is reasonably likely to materially harm or damage the business, property, operations, financial condition or reputation of the Company or any of its Affiliates; (viii) breach of any noncompetition, nondisclosure or nonsolicitation covenant in any agreement with the Company or its Affiliates; (ix) improperly or illegally aiding or abetting a competitor, supplier or customer of the Company or its Affiliates to the disadvantage or detriment of the Company or its Affiliates; (x) the Participants material breach of any written employment or services agreement which (if capable of cure) is not cured to the Administrators reasonable satisfaction within 10 calendar days after written notice thereof to the Participant; or (xi) any breach of fiduciary duty, gross negligence or misconduct with respect to the Company or its Affiliates which (if capable of cure) is not cured to the Administrators reasonable satisfaction within 10 calendar days after written notice thereof to the Participant.

(h)

Change in Control means, unless the applicable Award Agreement or the Administrator provides otherwise, the first to occur of any of the following events:

(i)

the acquisition by any Person or related group (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act) of Persons, or Persons acting jointly or in concert, of Beneficial Ownership (including control or direction) of 50% or more (on a fully diluted basis) of either (A) the then-outstanding Shares, including Shares issuable upon the exercise of options or warrants, the conversion of convertible stock or debt, and the exercise of any similar right to acquire such Shares or (B) the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote in the election of Directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities), but excluding any acquisition by the Company or any of its Affiliates, or the Investor, its Permitted Transferees or any of their respective Affiliates or by any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Affiliates;

(ii)

a change in the composition of the Board such that members of the Board during any consecutive 24-month period (the Incumbent Directors) cease to constitute a majority of the Board. Any person becoming a Director through election or nomination for election approved by a valid vote of the Incumbent Directors shall be deemed an Incumbent Director; provided, however, that no individual becoming a Director as a result of an actual or threatened election contest, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-12 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act, or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any person other than the Board, shall be deemed an Incumbent Director;

(iii)

the approval by the stockholders of the Company of a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company; or

2

(iv)

the consummation of a reorganization, recapitalization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving (x) the Company or (y) any of its Subsidiaries, but in the case of this clause (y) only if Outstanding Company Voting Securities are issued or issuable (a Business Combination), or sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company to an entity that is not an Affiliate of the Company (a Sale), unless immediately following such Business Combination or Sale: (A) more than 50% of the total voting power of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the entity that acquired all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company in such Sale (in either case, the Surviving Company), or the ultimate parent entity that has Beneficial Ownership of sufficient voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or analogous governing body) of the Surviving Company (the Parent Company), is represented by the Outstanding Company Voting Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by Shares into which the Outstanding Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Business Combination or Sale), and such voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion as the voting power of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities among the holders thereof immediately prior to the Business Combination or Sale, (B) no Person (other than any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Surviving Company or the Parent Company) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing body) of the Parent Company (or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company) and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing body) of the Parent Company (or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company) following the consummation of the Business Combination or Sale were Board members at the time of the Boards approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Business Combination or Sale.

(i)

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor thereto. References to any section of the Code shall be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section, and any amendments or successors thereto.

(j)

Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board, which is the independent compensation committee of the Board within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules.

(k)

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value of $0.00001 per share (and any stock or other securities into which such common stock may be converted or into which it may be exchanged).

(l)

Company has the meaning set forth in Section 1 of the Plan.

(m)

Director means any member of the Companys Board. 

(n)

Disability means, unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, a determination that a Participant is disabled in accordance with a long-term disability insurance program maintained by the Company or a determination by the U.S. Social Security Administration that the Participant is totally disabled.

(o)

dollar or $ shall refer to United States dollars.

(p)

Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2 of the Plan.

3

(q)

Eligible Person has the meaning set forth in Section 6 of the Plan. 

(r)

Employment Agreement means any employment, severance or similar agreement (including any offer letter) between the Company or an Affiliate and a Participant. 

(s)

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any successor thereto. References to any section of (or rule promulgated under) the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section or rule, and any amendments or successors thereto. 

(t)

Fair Market Value means, (i) with respect to a Share on a given date, (x) if the Shares are listed on a national securities exchange, the closing sales price of a Share reported on such exchange on such date or, if there is no such sale on that date, then on the last preceding date on which such a sale was reported or (y) if the Shares are not listed on any national securities exchange, the amount determined by the Administrator in good faith to be the fair market value of a Share or (ii) with respect to any other property on any given date, the amount determined by the Administrator in good faith to be the fair market value of such other property as of such date.

(u)

Immediate Family Members has the meaning set forth in Section 14(b)(ii) of the Plan.

(v)

Intrinsic Value with respect to an Option or SAR means (i) the excess, if any, of the price or implied price per Share in a Change in Control or other event over (ii) the exercise or hurdle price of such Award multiplied by (iii) the number of Shares covered by such Award. 

(w)

Indemnifiable Person has the meaning set forth in Section 4(e) of the Plan.

(x)

Investor means, collectively, the investment funds managed, sponsored or advised by General Atlantic LLC. A reference to a member of Investor is a reference to any such investment fund.

(y)

NASDAQ means Nasdaq Global Market.

(z)

Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option that is not qualified as an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Code. 

(aa)

Option means an Award granted under Section 7 of the Plan.

(bb)

Option Period has the meaning set forth in Section 7 of the Plan.

(cc)

Other Stock-Based Award means an Award granted under Section 10 of the Plan.

(dd)

Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 6 of the Plan.

(ee)

Performance Conditions means specific levels of performance of the Company (and/or one or more Affiliates, divisions or operational and/or business units, product lines, brands, business segments, administrative departments, units or any combination of the foregoing), which may be determined in accordance with GAAP or on a non-GAAP basis. The Performance Conditions may include a threshold level of performance below which no payment shall be made (or no vesting shall occur), levels of performance at which specified payments shall be made (or specified vesting shall occur), and a maximum level of performance above which no additional payment shall be made (or at which full vesting shall occur). The Administrator shall have the authority to make equitable adjustments to the Performance Conditions as may be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion.

4

(ff)

Permitted Transferee has the meaning set forth in Section 14(b)(ii) of the Plan.

(gg)

Person has the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, except that such term shall not include (i) the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Shares of the Company.

(hh)

Released Unit has the meaning set forth in Section 9(f)(ii) of the Plan.

(ii)

Restricted Period has the meaning set forth in Section 9(a) of the Plan.

(jj)

Restricted Stock means any Share subject to certain specified restrictions and forfeiture conditions, granted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan.

(kk)

Restricted Stock Unit means a contractual right granted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan that is denominated in Shares. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver Shares, cash, other securities or other property, or a combination thereof, subject to certain specified restrictions, granted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan.

(ll)

SAR Period has the meaning set forth in Section 8(c) of the Plan.

(mm)

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section of (or rule promulgated under) the Securities Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section or rule, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, regulations or other interpretive guidance.

(nn)

Share means a share of Common Stock, par value of $0.00001 per share.

(oo)

Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award granted under Section 8 of the Plan.

(pp)

Subsidiary means (i) any corporation or other entity a majority of whose outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Company and (ii) any other entity which the Administrator determines should be treated as a Subsidiary.

4.

Administration.

(a)

Authority of the Administrator. The Administrator shall administer the Plan, and shall have the sole and plenary authority to (i) designate Participants, (ii) determine the type, size, and terms and conditions of Awards to be granted and to grant such Awards, (iii) determine the method by which an Award may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, suspended or repurchased by the Company, (iv) determine the circumstances under which the delivery of cash, property or other amounts payable with respect to an Award may be deferred, either automatically or at the Participants or Administrators election, (v) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, correct any defect in and supply any omission in the Plan and any Award granted under the Plan, (vi) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the Administrator shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan, (vii) accelerate or modify the vesting, delivery or exercisability of, or payment for or lapse of restrictions on, or waive any condition in respect of, Awards and (viii) make any other determination and take any other action that the Administrator deems necessary or desirable for the 

5

administration of the Plan or to comply with any applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Plan to the contrary, the grant of Awards must be approved by the Committee or a majority of the Companys independent directors (as defined in the Inducement Listing Rule) in order to comply with the Inducement Listing Rule and the term Administrator shall be interpreted accordingly.

(b)

International Participants. As further set forth in Section 14(g) of the Plan, the Administrator shall have the authority to amend the Plan and Awards to the extent necessary to permit participation in the Plan by Eligible Persons who are located outside of the United States or are subject to laws outside of the United States on terms and conditions comparable to those afforded to Eligible Persons located within the United States; provided, however, that no such action shall be taken without stockholder approval if such approval is required by applicable securities laws or regulations or NASDAQ listing guidelines.

(c)

Decisions Binding. Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions regarding the Plan or any Award or any documents evidencing Awards granted pursuant to the Plan shall be within the sole discretion of the Administrator, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons and entities, including, without limitation, the Company, any Affiliate, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of any Award and any stockholder of the Company.

(d)

Limitation of Liability. No member of the Board or the Administrator, nor any employee or agent of the Company (each such person, an Indemnifiable Person), shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken or any determination made with respect to the Plan or any Award hereunder (unless constituting fraud or a willful criminal act or willful criminal omission). Each Indemnifiable Person shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability or expense (including attorneys fees) that may be imposed upon or incurred by such Indemnifiable Person in connection with or resulting from any action, suit or proceeding to which such Indemnifiable Person may be involved as a party, witness or otherwise by reason of any action taken or omitted to be taken or determination made under the Plan or any Award Agreement and against and from any and all amounts paid by such Indemnifiable Person with the Companys approval (not to be unreasonably withheld), in settlement thereof, or paid by such Indemnifiable Person in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against such Indemnifiable Person, and the Company shall advance to such Indemnifiable Person any such expenses promptly upon written request (which request shall include an undertaking by the Indemnifiable Person to repay the amount of such advance if it shall ultimately be determined as provided below that the Indemnifiable Person is not entitled to be indemnified); provided that the Company shall have the right, at its own expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit or proceeding, and once the Company gives notice of its intent to assume the defense, the Company shall have sole control over such defense with counsel of recognized standing of the Companys choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be available to an Indemnifiable Person to the extent that a final judgment or other final adjudication (in either case not subject to further appeal) binding upon such Indemnifiable Person determines that the acts or omissions or determinations of such Indemnifiable Person giving rise to the indemnification claim resulted from such Indemnifiable Persons fraud or willful criminal act or willful criminal omission or that such right of indemnification is otherwise prohibited by law or by the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of or otherwise supersede any other rights of indemnification to which such Indemnifiable Persons may be entitled under the Companys certificate of incorporation or by-laws, as a matter of law, individual indemnification agreement or contract, or otherwise, or any other power that the Company may have to indemnify such Indemnifiable Persons or hold them harmless.

6

5.

Grant of Awards; Available Shares for Awards; Limitations.

(a)

Awards. The Administrator may grant Awards to one or more Eligible Persons. All Awards granted under the Plan shall vest and, if applicable, become exercisable in such manner and on such date or dates or upon such event or events as determined by the Administrator and as set forth in an Award Agreement, including, without limitation, attainment of Performance Conditions. 

(b)

Available Shares. Subject to Section 11 of the Plan and subsection (c) below, the maximum number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan shall not exceed 4,000,000 (the Share Pool). 

(c)

Share Counting. The Share Pool shall be reduced by the number of Shares delivered for each Award granted under the Plan that is valued by reference to a Share; provided that Awards that are valued by reference to Shares but are required to or may be paid in cash pursuant to their terms shall not reduce the Share Pool. If and to the extent that Awards terminate, expire or are cash settled, canceled, forfeited, exchanged or surrendered without having been exercised, vested or settled, the Shares subject to such Awards shall again be available for Awards under the Share Pool. In addition, any (i) Shares tendered by Participants, or withheld by the Company, as full or partial payment to the Company upon the exercise of Options granted under the Plan; (ii) Shares reserved for issuance upon the grant of Stock Appreciation Rights, to the extent that the number of reserved Shares exceeds the number of Shares actually issued upon the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Rights; and (iii) Shares withheld by, or otherwise remitted to, the Company to satisfy a Participants tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of Options or SARs granted under the Plan, or upon the lapse of restrictions on, or settlement of, an Award, shall again be available for Awards under the Share Pool.

(d)

Source of Shares. Shares delivered by the Company in settlement of Awards may be authorized and unissued Shares, Shares held in the treasury of the Company, Shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase, or a combination of the foregoing.

6.

Eligibility. An award under the Plan may only be granted to an individual not previously an employee or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to an individual following a bona fide period of non-employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as an inducement material to the individuals entering into employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries within the meaning of the Inducement Listing Rule (each such individual, an Eligible Person). In addition, eligibility for Stock Options and SARs is limited to Eligible Persons who are providing direct services on the date of grant of the Award to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would be described in the first sentence of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E). Participation shall be for Eligible Persons who have been selected by the Administrator or its delegate to receive grants under the Plan (each such Eligible Person, a Participant). 

7.

Options.

(a)

Generally. Each Option shall be subject to the conditions set forth in the Plan and in the applicable Award Agreement. All Options granted under the Plan shall be Nonqualified Stock Options. 

(b)

Exercise Price. The exercise price per Share for each Option, which is the purchase price per Share underlying the Option, shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of grant and such exercise price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such Option. Any modification to the exercise price of an outstanding Option shall be subject to the prohibition on repricing set forth in Section 13(b).

7

(c)

Vesting, Exercise and Expiration. The Administrator shall determine the manner and timing of vesting, exercise and expiration of Options. The period between the date of grant and the scheduled expiration date of the Option (Option Period) shall not exceed 10 years, unless the Option Period would expire at a time when trading in the Shares is prohibited by the Companys insider-trading policy or a Company-imposed blackout period, in which case, unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, the Option Period may be extended automatically until the 30th day following the expiration of such prohibition (so long as such extension shall not violate Section 409A of the Code) or the Administrator may provide for the automatic exercise of such Option prior to the expiration of the Option Period. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting and/or exercisability of any Option, which acceleration shall not affect any other terms and conditions of such Option.

(d)

Method of Exercise and Form of Payment. No Shares shall be delivered pursuant to any exercise of an Option until the Participant has paid the exercise price to the Company in full, and an amount equal to any applicable U.S. federal, state and local income and employment taxes and non-U.S. income and employment taxes, social contributions and any other tax-related items required to be withheld. Options may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company or its designee (including a third-party administrator) in accordance with the terms of the Option and the Award Agreement, accompanied by payment of the exercise price and such applicable taxes. The exercise price and delivery of all applicable required withholding taxes shall be payable (i) in cash or by check or cash equivalent or (ii) by such other method as the Administrator may permit, in its sole discretion, including without limitation: (A) in the form of other property (including previously owned Shares; provided that such Shares are not subject to any pledge or other security interest) having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes; (B) if there is a public market for the Shares at such time, by means of a broker-assisted cashless exercise pursuant to which the Company or its designee (including third-party administrators) is delivered a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell the Shares otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes against delivery of the Shares to settle the applicable trade; or (C) by means of a net exercise procedure effected by withholding the minimum number of Shares otherwise deliverable in respect of an Option that are needed to pay for the exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator or as set forth in an Award Agreement, if, on the last day of the Option Period, the Fair Market Value of a Share exceeds the exercise price, the Participant has not exercised the Option and the Option has not previously expired, such Option shall be deemed exercised by the Participant on such last day by means of a net exercise procedure described above. In all events of cashless or net exercise, any fractional Shares shall be settled in cash.

(e)

Compliance with Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Participant be permitted to exercise an Option in a manner that the Administrator determines would violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other applicable law or the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares of the Company are listed or quoted.

8.

Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs).

(a)

Generally. Each SAR shall be subject to the conditions set forth in the Plan and in the applicable Award Agreement. 

(b)

Exercise Price. The exercise or hurdle price per Share for each SAR shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of grant and such exercise or hurdle price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such SAR. Any modification to the exercise or hurdle price of an outstanding SAR shall be subject to the prohibition on repricing set forth in Section 13(b).

8

(c)

Vesting, Exercise and Expiration. The Administrator shall determine the manner and timing of vesting, exercise and expiration of SARs. The period between the date of grant and the scheduled expiration of the SAR (the SAR Period) shall not exceed 10 years, unless the SAR Period would expire at a time when trading in the Shares is prohibited by the Companys insider-trading policy or a Company-imposed blackout period, in which case, unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, the SAR Period may be extended automatically until the 30th day following the expiration of such prohibition (so long as such extension shall not violate Section 409A of the Code) or the Administrator may provide for the automatic exercise of such SAR prior to the expiration of the SAR Period. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting and/or exercisability of any SAR, which acceleration shall not affect any other terms and conditions of such SAR.

(d)

Method of Exercise and Form of Payment. SARs may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company or its designee (including a third-party administrator) in accordance with the terms of the SAR and the Award Agreement, specifying the number of SARs to be exercised and the date on which such SARs were awarded. Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Company shall pay to the holder thereof an amount equal to the number of Shares subject to the SAR that are being exercised multiplied by the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the exercise date over the exercise or hurdle price, less an amount equal to any applicable U.S. federal, state and local income and employment taxes and non-U.S. income and employment taxes, social contributions and any other tax-related items required to be withheld. The Company shall pay such amount in cash, in Shares valued at Fair Market Value as determined on the date of exercise, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Administrator. Any fractional Shares shall be settled in cash. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator or as set forth in the Award Agreement, if, on the last day of the SAR Period, the Fair Market Value exceeds the exercise or hurdle price, the Participant has not exercised the SAR and the SAR has previously expired, such SAR shall be deemed to have been exercised by the Participant on such last day and the Company shall make the appropriate payment therefor.

9.

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units.

(a)

Generally. Each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit shall be subject to the conditions set forth in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. The Administrator shall establish restrictions applicable to Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units, including the period over which the restrictions shall apply (the Restricted Period), and the time or times at which Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall become vested. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting and/or the lapse of any or all of the restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units, which acceleration shall not affect any other terms and conditions of such Awards. No Share shall be issued at the time an Award of Restricted Stock Units is made, and the Company will not be required to set aside a fund for the payment of any such Award.

(b)

Stock Certificates; Escrow or Similar Arrangement. Upon the grant of Restricted Stock, the Administrator shall cause Share(s) to be registered in the name of the Participant, which may be evidenced in any manner the Administrator may deem appropriate, including in book-entry form subject to the Companys directions or the issuance of a stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant. In such event, the Administrator may provide that such certificates shall be held by the Company or in escrow rather than delivered to the Participant pending vesting and release of restrictions, in which case the Administrator may require the Participant to execute and deliver to the Company or its designee (including third-party administrators) (i) an escrow agreement satisfactory to the Administrator, if applicable, and (ii) the appropriate stock power (endorsed in blank) with respect to the Restricted Stock. 

(c)

Voting and Rights as a Stockholder. Subject to the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant generally shall have the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect 

9

to Awards of Restricted Stock, including, without limitation, the right to vote such Shares of Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator or in an Award Agreement, a Restricted Stock Unit shall not convey to the Participant the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect to the Share subject to the Restricted Stock Unit, such as the right to vote or the right to receive dividends, unless and until a Share is issued to the Participant to settle the Restricted Stock Unit.

(d)

Restrictions; Forfeiture. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units awarded to the Participant shall be subject to forfeiture until the expiration of the Restricted Period and the attainment of any other vesting criteria established by the Administrator, and shall be subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth in the Award Agreement. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, in the event of any forfeiture, all rights of the Participant to such Restricted Stock (or as a stockholder with respect thereto) and to such Restricted Stock Units, as applicable, shall terminate without further action or obligation on the part of the Company. The Administrator shall have the authority to remove any or all of the restrictions on the Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units whenever it may determine that, by reason of changes in applicable laws or other changes in circumstances arising after the date of grant of the Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award, such action is appropriate.

(e)

Delivery of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units.

(i)

Upon the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any Shares of Restricted Stock and the attainment of any other vesting criteria, the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award Agreement shall be of no further force or effect, except as set forth in the Award Agreement. If an escrow arrangement is used, upon such expiration the Company shall deliver to the Participant or such Participants beneficiary or Permitted Transferee (via book-entry notation or, if applicable, in stock certificate form) the Shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired (rounded down to the nearest full Share). To the extent provided in an Award Agreement, dividends, if any, that may have been withheld by the Company and attributable to the Restricted Stock shall be distributed to the Participant in cash or in Shares (or a combination of cash and Shares) having a Fair Market Value (on the date of distribution) equal to the amount of such dividends, upon the release of restrictions on the Restricted Stock.

(ii)

Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator in an Award Agreement, upon the expiration of the Restricted Period and the attainment of any other vesting criteria established by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement, with respect to any outstanding Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or such Participants beneficiary (via book-entry notation or, if applicable, in stock certificate form), one Share (or other securities or other property, as applicable) for each such outstanding Restricted Stock Unit that has not then been forfeited and with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired and any other such vesting criteria are attained (Released Unit); provided, however, that the Administrator may elect to (A) pay cash or part cash and part Shares in lieu of delivering only Shares in respect of such Released Units or (B) defer the delivery of Shares (or cash or part Shares and part cash, as the case may be) beyond the expiration of the Restricted Period if such extension would not cause adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code. If a cash payment is made in lieu of delivering Shares, the amount of such payment shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the date on which the Shares would have otherwise been delivered to the Participant in respect of such Restricted Stock Units. To the extent provided in an Award Agreement, dividend equivalents, if any, that may have been withheld by the Company and attributable to the Restricted Stock Units shall be distributed to the Participant in cash or in Shares (or a combination of cash and Shares) having a Fair Market Value (on the date of distribution) equal to the amount of such dividends, upon the release of restrictions on the Restricted Stock Units. 

10

(f)

Legends on Restricted Stock. Each certificate representing Shares of Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan, if any, shall bear as appropriate a legend substantially in the form of the following in addition to any other information the Company deems appropriate until the lapse of all restrictions with respect to such Shares:

TRANSFER OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS RESTRICTED PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC. 2025 INDUCEMENT PLAN AND A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF [ __________, 2025] BETWEEN EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC. AND [_________]. A COPY OF SUCH PLAN AND AWARD AGREEMENT IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

10.

Other Stock-Based Awards. The Administrator may issue unrestricted Shares, rights to receive future grants of Awards, or other Awards denominated in Shares (including performance shares or performance units), or Awards that provide for cash payments based in whole or in part on the value or future value of Shares (Other Stock-Based Awards) under the Plan to Eligible Persons, alone or in tandem with other Awards, in such amounts as the Administrator shall from time to time determine. Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, which may include conditions including, without limitation, the payment by the Participant of the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the date of grant.

11.

Changes in Capital Structure and Similar Events. In the event of (a) any dividend (other than regular cash dividends) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to acquire Shares or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a Change in Control) that affects the Shares or (b) unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without limitation, a Change in Control) affecting the Company, any Affiliate, or the financial statements of the Company or any Affiliate, or changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements of any governmental body or securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service, accounting principles or law, such that in any case an adjustment is determined by the Administrator to be necessary or appropriate, then the Administrator shall, to the extent permitted under Section 409A of the Code, make any such adjustments in such manner as it may deem equitable, including, without limitation, any or all of the following:

(i)

adjusting any or all of (A) the number of Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) that may be delivered in respect of Awards or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan and (B) the terms of any outstanding Award, including, without limitation, (1) the number of Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property) subject to outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards relate, (2) the exercise or hurdle price with respect to any Award and/or (3) any applicable performance measures (including, without limitation, Performance Conditions and performance periods);

(ii)

providing for a substitution or assumption of Awards, accelerating the delivery, vesting and/or exercisability of, lapse of restrictions and/or other conditions on, or termination of, Awards or providing for a period of time (which shall not be required to be more than ten (10) days) for Participants to exercise outstanding Awards prior to the occurrence of such event (and 

11

any such Award not so exercised shall terminate or become no longer exercisable upon the occurrence of such event); and

(iii)

cancelling any one or more outstanding Awards and causing to be paid to the holders thereof, in cash, Shares, other securities or other property, or any combination thereof, the value of such Awards, if any, as determined by the Administrator (which, if applicable, may be based upon the price per Share received or to be received by other stockholders of the Company in such event), including, without limitation, in the case of an outstanding Option or SAR, a cash payment in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value (as of a date specified by the Administrator) of the Shares subject to such Option or SAR over the aggregate exercise or hurdle price of such Option or SAR, respectively (it being understood that, in such event, any Option or SAR having a per Share exercise or hurdle price equal to, or in excess of, the Fair Market Value (as of the date specified by the Administrator) of a Share subject thereto may be canceled and terminated without any payment or consideration therefor);

provided, however, that the Administrator shall make an equitable or proportionate adjustment to outstanding Awards to reflect any equity restructuring (within the meaning of the Financial Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor pronouncement thereto)). Except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, any adjustments under this Section 11 shall be made in a manner that does not adversely affect the exemption provided pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Any such adjustment hereunder, upon notice, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes. In anticipation of the occurrence of any event listed in the first sentence of this Section 11, for reasons of administrative convenience, the Administrator in its sole discretion may refuse to permit the exercise of any Award or as it otherwise may determine during a period of up to 30 days prior to, and/or up to 30 days after, the anticipated occurrence of any such event.

12.

Effect of Termination of Service or a Change in Control on Awards.

(a)

Termination. To the extent permitted under Section 409A of the Code, the Administrator may provide, by rule or regulation or in any applicable Award Agreement, or may determine in any individual case, the circumstances in which, and to the extent to which, an Award may be exercised, settled, vested, paid or forfeited in the event of the Participants termination of service prior to the end of a performance period or vesting, exercise or settlement of such Award. 

(b)

Change in Control. Except to the extent otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, or any applicable employment, change-in-control, severance or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, in the event of a Change in Control, notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary:

(i)

If the acquirer or successor company in such Change in Control has agreed to provide for the substitution, assumption, exchange or other continuation of Awards granted pursuant to the Plan, then, if the Participants employment with or service to the Company or an Affiliate is terminated by the Company or Affiliate without Cause (and other than due to death or Disability) on or within 24 months following a Change in Control, then unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, all Options and SARs held by such Participant shall become immediately exercisable with respect to 100% of the shares subject to such Options and SARs, and that the Restricted Period (and any other conditions) shall expire immediately with respect to 100% of the shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units and any other Awards held by such Participant (including a waiver of any applicable Performance Conditions); provided that if the vesting or exercisability of any Award would otherwise be subject to the achievement of Performance Conditions, the portion of such Award that shall become fully vested and immediately 

12

exercisable shall be based on the assumed achievement of actual or target performance as determined by the Administrator.

(ii)

If the acquirer or successor company in such Change in Control has not agreed to provide for the substitution, assumption, exchange or other continuation of Awards granted pursuant to the Plan, then unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, all Options and SARs held by such Participant shall become immediately exercisable with respect to 100% of the shares subject to such Options and SARs, and the Restricted Period (and any other conditions) shall expire immediately with respect to 100% of the shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units and any other Awards held by such Participant (including a waiver of any applicable Performance Conditions); provided that if the vesting or exercisability of any Award would otherwise be subject to the achievement of Performance Conditions, the portion of such Award that shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable shall be based on the assumed achievement of actual or target performance as determined by the Administrator.

(iii)

In addition, the Administrator may upon at least ten (10) days advance notice to the affected Participants, cancel any outstanding Award and pay to the holders thereof, in cash, securities or other property (including of the acquiring or successor company), or any combination thereof, the value of such Awards based upon the price per Share received or to be received by other stockholders of the Company in the event (it being understood that any Option or SAR having a per-share exercise or hurdle price equal to, or in excess of, the Fair Market Value (as of the date specified by the Administrator) of a Share subject thereto may be canceled and terminated without any payment or consideration therefor). Notwithstanding the above, the Administrator shall exercise such discretion over the timing of settlement of any Award subject to Code Section 409A at the time such Award is granted.

To the extent practicable, the provisions of this Section 12(b) shall occur in a manner and at a time that allows affected Participants the ability to participate in the Change in Control transaction with respect to the Shares subject to their Awards.

13.

Amendments and Termination.

(a)

Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination shall be made without stockholder approval if such approval is necessary to comply with any tax or regulatory requirement applicable to the Plan (including, without limitation, as necessary to comply with any applicable rules or requirements of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares may be listed or quoted); provided, further, that any such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary, unless the Administrator determines that such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination is either required or advisable in order for the Company, the Plan or the Award to satisfy any applicable law or regulation. No Awards may be granted or awarded during any period of suspension, after termination of the Plan. 

(b)

Amendment of Award Agreements. The Administrator may, to the extent not inconsistent with the terms of any applicable Award Agreement or the Plan, waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore granted or the associated Award Agreement, prospectively or retroactively (including after the Participants termination of employment or service with the Company); provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, 

13

suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant with respect to any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected Participant unless the Administrator determines that such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination is either required or advisable in order for the Company, the Plan or the Award to satisfy any applicable law or regulation; provided, further, that except as otherwise permitted under Section 11 of the Plan, if (i) the Administrator reduces the exercise or hurdle price of any Option or of any SAR, (ii) the Administrator cancels any outstanding Option or SAR and replaces it with a new Option or SAR (with a lower exercise or hurdle price, as the case may be) or other Award or cash in a manner that would either (A) be reportable on the Companys proxy statement or Form 10-K (if applicable) as Options that have been repriced (as such term is used in Item 402 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act) or (B) result in any repricing for financial statement reporting purposes (or otherwise cause the Award to fail to qualify for equity accounting treatment), (iii) take any other action that is considered a repricing for purposes of the stockholder approval rules of the applicable securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Share is listed or quoted and/or (iv) cancel any outstanding Option or SAR that has a per Share exercise or hurdle price (as applicable) at or above the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of cancellation, and pay any consideration to the holder thereof, whether in cash, securities or other property, or any combination thereof, then, in the case of the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (iv), any such action shall not be effective without stockholder approval.

14.

General.

(a)

Award Agreements; Other Agreements. Each Award under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, which shall be delivered (whether in written or electronic form) to the Participant and shall specify the terms and conditions of the Award and any rules applicable thereto. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and any Award Agreement or employment, change-in-control, severance or other agreement in effect with the Participant, the terms of the Plan shall control.

(b)

Nontransferability.

(i)

Each Award shall be exercisable only by the Participant during the Participants lifetime or, if permissible under applicable law or the Plan, by the Participants legal guardian or representative or beneficiary or Permitted Transferee. No Award may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or as set forth below in clause (ii), and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or an Affiliate; provided that the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance.

(ii)

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may permit Awards to be transferred by the Participant, without consideration, subject to such rules as the Administrator may adopt, to (A) any person who is a family member of the Participant, as such term is used in the instructions to Form S-8 under the Securities Act or any successor form of registration statements promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the Immediate Family Members); (B) a trust solely for the benefit of the Participant or the Participants Immediate Family Members; (C) a partnership or limited liability company whose only partners or stockholders are the Participant and the Participants Immediate Family Members; or (D) any other transferee as may be approved either (1) by the Board or the Administrator or (2) as provided in the applicable Award Agreement (each transferee described in clause (A), (B), (C) or (D) above is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Transferee); provided that the Participant gives the Administrator or its delegate advance written notice describing the terms and conditions of the 

14

proposed transfer and the Administrator or its delegate notifies the Participant in writing that such a transfer would comply with the requirements of the Plan.

(iii)

The terms of any Award transferred in accordance with the immediately preceding subsection shall apply to the Permitted Transferee, and any reference in the Plan, or in any applicable Award Agreement, to the Participant shall be deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee, except that, unless otherwise provided by the Administrator: (A) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to transfer any Award, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; (B) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to exercise any transferred Option unless there shall be in effect a registration statement on an appropriate form covering the Shares to be acquired pursuant to the exercise of such Option if the Administrator determines, consistent with any applicable Award Agreement, that such a registration statement is necessary or appropriate; (C) the Administrator or the Company shall not be required to provide any notice to a Permitted Transferee, whether or not such notice is or would otherwise have been required to be given to the Participant under the Plan or otherwise; (D) the consequences of the termination of the Participants employment by, or services to, the Company or an Affiliate under the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement shall continue to be applied with respect to the transferred Award, including, without limitation, that an Option shall be exercisable by the Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and for the periods, specified in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement; and (E) any non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, non-disclosure or other restrictive covenants contained in any Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate shall continue to apply to the Participant.

(c)

Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. The Administrator shall provide that dividend equivalents either shall accrue and be paid or distributed upon the vesting of an Award or shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares, Awards, or other investment vehicles and subject to such restrictions on transferability and risks of forfeiture as the Administrator may specify.

(d)

No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or an Award, and the Administrator shall determine whether cash or other securities shall be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional Shares, or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall be cancelled, terminated or otherwise eliminated. 

(e)

Tax Withholding.

(i)

The Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right (but not the obligation) and is hereby authorized to withhold, from any cash, Shares, other securities or other property deliverable under any Award or from any compensation or other amounts owing to the Participant, the amount (in cash, Shares, other securities or other property) of any required withholding taxes (up to the maximum permissible withholding amounts) in respect of an Award, its exercise, or any payment or transfer under an Award or under the Plan and to take such other action that the Administrator or the Company deems necessary to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes.

(ii)

Without limiting the generality of paragraph (i) above, the Administrator may permit the Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by (A) payment in cash, (B) the delivery of Shares (which Shares are not subject to any pledge or other security interest) owned by the Participant having a Fair Market Value on such date equal to such withholding liability or (C) having the Company withhold from the number of Shares otherwise issuable or deliverable pursuant to the exercise or settlement of the Award a number of Shares with a Fair Market Value on such date equal to such withholding liability. In addition, subject to any 

15

requirements of applicable law, the Participant may also satisfy the tax withholding obligations by other methods, including selling Shares that would otherwise be available for delivery; provided that the Board or the Administrator has specifically approved such payment method in advance.

(f)

No Claim to Awards; No Rights to Continued Employment or Engagement. No employee providing service to the Company or an Affiliate, or other person shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award under the Plan. There is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants or holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards and the Administrators determinations and interpretations with respect thereto need not be the same with respect to each Participant and may be made selectively among Participants, whether or not such Participants are similarly situated. Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any Participant any right to be retained in the employ or service of the Company or an Affiliate, or to continue in the employ or the service of the Company or an Affiliate.

(g)

International Participants. With respect to Participants who reside or work outside of the United States or are subject to non-U.S. legal restrictions or regulations, the Administrator may amend the terms of the Plan or appendices thereto, or outstanding Awards, with respect to such Participants, in order to conform such terms with or accommodate the requirements of local laws, procedures or practices or to obtain more favorable tax or other treatment for the Participant, the Company or its Affiliates. Without limiting the generality of this subsection, the Administrator is specifically authorized to adopt rules, procedures and sub-plans with provisions that limit or modify rights on death, disability, retirement or other terminations of employment, available methods of exercise or settlement of an Award, payment of income, social insurance contributions or payroll taxes, withholding procedures and handling of any stock certificates or other indicia of ownership that vary with local requirements. The Administrator may also adopt rules, procedures or sub-plans applicable to particular Affiliates or locations.

(h)

Beneficiary Designation. The Participants beneficiary shall be the Participants spouse (or domestic partner if such status is recognized by the Company and in such jurisdiction) or, if the Participant is otherwise unmarried at the time of death, the Participants estate, except to the extent that a different beneficiary is designated in accordance with procedures that may be established by the Administrator from time to time for such purpose. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the absence of a beneficiary validly designated under such Administrator-established procedures and/or applicable law who is living (or in existence) at the time of death of a Participant residing or working outside the United States, any required distribution under the Plan shall be made to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant, or to such other individual as may be prescribed by applicable law.

(i)

Termination of Employment or Service. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions related to the termination of employment of or service of a Participant. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator: (i) neither a temporary absence from employment or service due to illness, vacation or leave of absence (including, without limitation, a call to active duty for military service through a Reserve or National Guard unit) nor a transfer from employment or service with the Company to employment or service with an Affiliate (or vice versa) shall be considered a termination of employment or service with the Company or an Affiliate; and (ii) if the Participants employment with the Company or its Affiliates terminates, but such Participant continues to provide services with such Company or such Affiliate in a non-employee capacity (including as a non-employee Director) (or vice versa), such change in status shall not be considered a termination of employment or service with the Company or an Affiliate for purposes of the Plan.

(j)

No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan or any Award Agreement, no person shall be entitled to the privileges of ownership in respect of Shares that are subject to Awards hereunder until such Shares have been issued or delivered to that person.

16

(k)

Government and Other Regulations.

(i)

Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to authorize the Administrator or Board or any members thereof to take any action contrary to applicable law or regulation, or rules of the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares are listed or quoted.

(ii)

The obligation of the Company to settle Awards in Shares or other consideration shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award to the contrary, the Company shall be under no obligation to offer to sell or to sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell or selling, any Shares pursuant to an Award unless such Shares have been properly registered for sale pursuant to the Securities Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission or unless the Company has received an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Company, that such Shares may be offered for sale or sold without such registration pursuant to and in compliance with the terms of an available exemption. The Company shall be under no obligation to register for sale under the Securities Act any of the Shares to be offered for sale or sold under the Plan. The Administrator shall have the authority to provide that all Shares or other securities of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator may deem advisable under the Plan, the applicable Award Agreement, U.S. federal securities laws, or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service upon which such Shares or other securities of the Company are then listed or quoted and any other applicable federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws, rules, regulations and other requirements, and, without limiting the generality of Section 9 of the Plan, the Administrator may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates of Shares or other securities of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under the Plan to make appropriate reference to such restrictions or may cause such Shares or other securities of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under the Plan in book-entry form to be held subject to the Companys instructions or subject to appropriate stop-transfer orders. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator reserves the right to add any additional terms or provisions to any Award granted under the Plan that it in its sole discretion deems necessary or advisable in order that such Award complies with the legal requirements of any governmental entity to whose jurisdiction the Award is subject.

(iii)

The Administrator may cancel an Award or any portion thereof if it determines that legal or contractual restrictions and/or blockage and/or other market considerations would make the Companys acquisition of Shares from the public markets, the Companys issuance of Shares to the Participant, the Participants acquisition of Shares from the Company and/or the Participants sale of Shares to the public markets illegal, impracticable or inadvisable. If the Administrator determines to cancel all or any portion of an Award in accordance with the foregoing, unless prevented by applicable laws, the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such Award or portion thereof canceled (determined as of the applicable exercise date, or the date that the Shares would have been vested or delivered, as applicable), over (B) the aggregate exercise or hurdle price (in the case of an Option or SAR) or any amount payable as a condition of delivery of Shares (in the case of any other Award). Such amount shall be delivered to the Participant as soon as practicable following the cancellation of such Award or portion thereof.

(l)

Payments to Persons Other Than Participants. If the Administrator shall find that any person to whom any amount is payable under the Plan is unable to care for such persons affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, or has died, then any payment due to such person or such persons estate 

17

(unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly appointed legal representative or a beneficiary designation form has been filed with the Company) may, if the Administrator so directs the Company, be paid to such persons spouse, child or relative, or an institution maintaining or having custody of such person, or any other person deemed by the Administrator to be a proper recipient on behalf of such person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall be a complete discharge of the liability of the Administrator and the Company therefor.

(m)

Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor the submission of the Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options or awards otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either applicable generally or only in specific cases.

(n)

No Trust or Fund Created. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Affiliate, on the one hand, and the Participant or other person or entity, on the other hand. No provision of the Plan or any Award shall require the Company, for the purpose of satisfying any obligations under the Plan, to purchase assets or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or to otherwise segregate any assets, nor shall the Company maintain separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the existence of a segregated or separately maintained or administered fund for such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under the Plan other than as unsecured general creditors of the Company.

(o)

Reliance on Reports. Each member of the Administrator and each member of the Board (and each such members respective designees) shall be fully justified in acting or failing to act, as the case may be, and shall not be liable for having so acted or failed to act in good faith, in reliance upon any report made by the independent, registered public accounting firm of the Company and its Affiliates and/or any other information furnished in connection with the Plan by any agent of the Company or the Administrator or the Board, other than such member or designee.

(p)

Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, profit-sharing, group insurance or other benefit plan of the Company except as otherwise specifically provided in such other plan.

(q)

Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

(r)

Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award or Award Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any person or entity or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Administrator, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws, or, if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Administrator, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall be construed or deemed stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or entity or Award, and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and effect.

(s)

Obligations Binding on Successors. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to all or substantially all of the assets and business of the Company.

18

(t)

Section 409A of the Code.

(i)

It is intended that the Plan comply with Section 409A of the Code, and all provisions of the Plan shall be construed and interpreted in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Each Participant is solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed on or in respect of such Participant in connection with the Plan or any other plan maintained by the Company, including any taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the Code, and neither the Company nor any Affiliate shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold such Participant or any beneficiary harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. With respect to any Award that is considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, references in the Plan to termination of employment (and substantially similar phrases) shall mean separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each of the payments that may be made in respect of any Award granted under the Plan is designated as a separate payment.

(ii)

Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, if the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, no payments or deliveries in respect of any Awards that are deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be made to such Participant prior to the date that is six months after the date of such Participants separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code or, if earlier, the Participants date of death. All such delayed payments or deliveries will be paid or delivered (without interest) in a single lump sum on the earliest date permitted under Section 409A of the Code that is also a business day.

(iii)

In the event that the timing of payments in respect of any Award that would otherwise be considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code would be accelerated upon the occurrence of (A) a Change in Control, no such acceleration shall be permitted unless the event giving rise to the Change in Control satisfies the definition of a change in the ownership or effective control of a corporation, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation pursuant to Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, or (B) a Disability, no such acceleration shall be permitted unless the Disability also satisfies the definition of disability pursuant to Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

(u)

Clawback/Forfeiture. The Administrator shall have full authority to implement any policies and procedures necessary to comply with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any rules promulgated thereunder and any other regulatory regimes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Administrator may, to the extent permitted by applicable law and stock exchange rules or by any applicable Company policy or arrangement, and shall, to the extent required, cancel or require reimbursement of any Awards granted to the Participant or any Shares issued or cash received upon vesting, exercise or settlement of any such Awards or sale of Shares underlying such Awards. By accepting an Award, the Participant agrees that the Participant is subject to any clawback policies of the Company in effect from time to time including, but not limited to, the Companys Policy for Recoupment of Incentive Compensation, as it may be amended from time to time. 

(v)

No Representations or Covenants with Respect to Tax Qualification. Although the Company may endeavor to (i) qualify an Award for favorable U.S. or non-U.S. tax treatment or (ii) avoid adverse tax treatment, the Company makes no representation to that effect and expressly disavows any covenant to maintain favorable or avoid unfavorable tax treatment. The Company shall be unconstrained in 

19

its corporate activities without regard to the potential negative tax impact on holders of Awards under the Plan.

(w)

No Interference. The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreement and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company, the Board, the Administrator, the Committee, or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Companys capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, warrants, or rights to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, or preferred or prior preference stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Shares or the rights thereof or that are convertible into or exchangeable for Shares, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Affiliate, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of their assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise.

(x)

Expenses; Titles and Headings. The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Affiliates. The titles and headings of the sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and, in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall control.

(y)

Whistleblower Acknowledgments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Plan or any Award Agreement will (i) prohibit a Participant from making reports of possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Exchange Act or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or of any other whistleblower protection provisions of federal law or regulation, or (ii) require prior approval by the Company or any of its Affiliates of any reporting described in clause (i).

(z)

Restrictive Covenants. The Administrator may impose restrictions on any Award with respect to non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and other restrictive covenants as it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion. 

* * *

As adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company on March 21, 2025.

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ewcz-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2

European Wax Center, Inc.

2025 Inducement Plan

Notice of RSU Grant

Participant: [__]

# of Shares Underlying RSUs: [__]

Date of Grant: [__]

Vesting Schedule: The RSUs shall vest in accordance with terms of the Award Agreement attached hereto as Annex I. Upon vesting, the RSUs shall no longer be subject to cancellation pursuant to Section 3 of the Award Agreement, subject to the other provisions of the Award Agreement (including Sections 6 and 7) and the Plan.

By signing your name below, you accept the RSUs and acknowledge and agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the European Wax Center, Inc. 2025 Inducement Plan, the Award Agreement set forth on Annex I and the restrictive covenants set forth on Exhibit A thereto, each of which are hereby made a part of this document.

[PARTICIPANT] European Wax Center, Inc.

By: 

Title: 

Annex I

EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

2025 Inducement Plan

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

Pursuant to the RSU Grant Notice (Grant Notice) and this Award Agreement, European Wax Center, Inc. (together with its Subsidiaries, whether existing or thereafter acquired or formed, and any and all successor entities, the Company) has granted the Participant Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs) under the European Wax Center, Inc. 2025 Inducement Plan (the Plan) with respect to the number of Shares indicated in the Grant Notice (the Award). Each RSU represents the right to receive one Share. The RSUs are granted to the Participant effective as of the Date of Grant as an inducement material to the Participant to enter into employment with the Company pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Award Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan.

1.

Vesting; Settlement.

(a)

Vesting. The RSUs shall vest [ ], subject to the Participants continued employment or service with the Company through each such date (each such date, a Vesting Date). 

(b)

Settlement. Subject to the provisions of this Award Agreement, promptly following the applicable Vesting Date (and no later than the thirtieth (30th) day following the applicable Vesting Date), the Participant shall receive the number of Shares that correspond to the number of RSUs that have vested subject to Section 1(a), less any Shares withheld by the Company pursuant to Section 5 below. Upon such delivery, such Shares shall be fully assignable, saleable and transferable by the Participant, provided that any such assignment, sale, transfer or other alienation with respect to such Shares shall be in accordance with applicable securities laws.

2.

Dividend Equivalents. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, the Participant shall not be eligible to receive dividend equivalents with respect to the RSUs unless and until the Participant becomes the record owner of the Shares underlying the RSUs, at which time accrued dividend equivalents shall be paid pursuant to Section 9(f)(ii) of the Plan.

3.

Termination of Employment. In the event of the Participants termination of employment or service with the Company at any time, all unvested RSUs shall be canceled immediately and the Participant shall not be entitled to receive any payments with respect thereto.

4.

Rights as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to the RSUs unless and until the Participant becomes the record owner of the Shares underlying the RSUs.

5.

Tax Withholding. The Participant shall be solely responsible for any applicable taxes (including, without limitation, income and excise taxes) and penalties, and any interest that accrues thereon, that the Participant incurs in connection with the receipt, vesting or settlement of any RSU granted hereunder. The Company shall be authorized to withhold from the Award the amount (in cash or Shares, or any combination thereof) of applicable withholding taxes due in respect of the 

1

Award, its settlement or any payment or transfer under the Award and to take such other action (including providing for elective payment of such amounts in cash or other property by the Participant) as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes; provided, however, that no Shares shall be withheld with a value exceeding the maximum statutory rates in the applicable tax jurisdictions.

6.

Clawback; Forfeiture; Detrimental Conduct.The RSUs shall be subject to the clawback, forfeiture and detrimental conduct provisions set forth in Section 14(u) of the Plan.

7.

Restrictive Covenants.

(a)

Without limiting any other non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or non-disclosure or other similar agreement to which the Participant may be a party, the Participant shall be subject to the confidentiality and restrictive covenants set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, which Exhibit A is incorporated herein and forms part of this Award Agreement. 

(b)

In the event that the Participant violates any of the restrictive covenants referred to in this Section 7, in addition to any other remedy that may be available at law or in equity, the RSUs shall be automatically forfeited effective as of the date on which such violation first occurs. The foregoing rights and remedies are in addition to any other rights and remedies that may be available to the Company and shall not prevent (and the Participant shall not assert that they shall prevent) the Company from bringing one or more actions in any applicable jurisdiction to recover damages as a result of the Participants breach of such restrictive covenants.

8.

Miscellaneous.

(a)

Compliance with Legal Requirements. The granting of the RSU, and any other obligations of the Company under this Award Agreement, shall be subject to all applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, all applicable non-U.S. laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. The Participant agrees to take all steps that the Administrator or the Company determines are reasonably necessary to comply with all applicable provisions of U.S. federal and state securities law and non-U.S. securities law in exercising the Participants rights under this Award Agreement.

(b)

Transferability. The RSUs shall be subject to Section 14(b) of the Plan.

(c)

Waiver. No amendment or modification of any provision of this Award Agreement shall be effective unless signed in writing by or on behalf of the Company and the Participant, except that the Company may amend or modify this Award Agreement without the Participants consent in accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as otherwise set forth in this Award Agreement. No waiver of any breach or condition of this Award Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or condition whether of like or different nature. Any amendment or modification of or to any provision of this Award Agreement, or any waiver of any provision of this Award Agreement, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given.

(d)

Section 409A. This Award Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder, and the provisions of this Award 

2

Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and this Award Agreement shall be operated accordingly. If any provision of this Award Agreement or any term or condition of the RSUs would otherwise conflict with this intent, the provision, term or condition shall be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid this conflict. Notwithstanding anything else in this Award Agreement, if the Administrator considers a Participant to be a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code at the time of such Participants separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), and the amount hereunder is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code any distribution that otherwise would be made to such Participant with respect to RSUs as a result of such separation from service shall not be made until the date that is six months after such separation from service, except to the extent that earlier distribution would not result in such Participants incurring interest or additional tax under Section 409A of the Code. If the Award includes a series of installment payments (within the meaning of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations), the Participants right to the series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under this Award Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Participant on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code.

(e)

General Assets. All amounts credited in respect of the RSUs to the book-entry account under this Award Agreement shall continue for all purposes to be part of the general assets of the Company. The Participants interest in such account shall make the Participant only a general, unsecured creditor of the Company.

(f)

Notices. All notices, requests and other communications under this Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered in person (by courier or otherwise), mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested to the contact details below. The parties may use e-mail delivery, so long as the message is clearly marked, sent to the e-mail address(es) set forth below.

if to the Company, to:

European Wax Center, Inc.

5830 Granite Pkwy

3rd Floor

Plano, TX 75024

Telephone: [ ]

Facsimile: [ ]

Email: [ ]

Attention: [ ]

if to the Participant, to the address, facsimile number or e-mail address that the Participant most recently provided to the Company, or to such other address, facsimile number or e-mail address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other parties hereto.

3

(g)

Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Award Agreement, and each other provision of this Award Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

(h)

Successors. The terms of this Award Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns, and of the Participant and the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of the Participant. 

(i)

Entire Agreement. The Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that the Participant is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof (and has had an opportunity to consult counsel regarding the RSU terms), and hereby accepts the grant of RSUs and agrees to be bound by its contractual terms as set forth herein (including Exhibit A) and in the Plan. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the grant of the RSUs constitutes additional consideration to the Participant for the Participants continued and future compliance with any restrictive covenants in favor of the Company by which the Participant is otherwise bound. The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions and interpretations of the Administrator regarding any questions relating to the RSU. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Award Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. This Award Agreement, including the Plan, constitutes the entire agreement between the Participant and the Company on the subject matter hereof and supersedes all proposals, written or oral, and all other communications between the parties relating to such subject matter.

(j)

Governing Law. Except as otherwise set forth in an Employment Agreement, this Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 

(k)

Dispute Resolution; Consent to Jurisdiction. Except as otherwise set forth in an Employment Agreement, the Participant and the Company agree that any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with this Award Agreement (whether brought by any party or any of its Affiliates or against any party or any of its Affiliates) shall be brought in the United States federal and state courts in Delaware, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court.

(l)

Electronic Signature and Delivery. This Award Agreement may be accepted by return signature or by electronic confirmation. By accepting this Award Agreement, the Participant consents to the electronic delivery of prospectuses, annual reports and other information required to be delivered by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules (which 

4

consent may be revoked in writing by the Participant at any time upon three business days notice to the Company, in which case subsequent prospectuses, annual reports and other information shall be delivered in hard copy to the Participant).

(m)

Electronic Participation in Plan. The Companymay, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Companyor a third party designated by the Company.

[Remainder of page intentionally blank]

5

Exhibit A

Restrictive Covenants

In consideration of the awards granted hereby and the compensation now and hereafter paid to Participant, or that Participant may receive in connection with his or her employment with the Company and all its Affiliates (Employment), Participant hereby agrees to be bound by the covenants as set forth in this Exhibit A (the RC Agreement).

1.

Acknowledgements. Participant acknowledges and agrees that (a) the term Business means, with respect to any person, firm, corporation, or other entity, in whatever form, (i) franchising, developing, owning and operating businesses engaged in waxing, body hair removal, facial hair removal, or threading or (ii) engaging in the business of providing any other activities, products or services of the specific type conducted, authorized, offered or provided by the Company or any of its Affiliates within six (6) months prior to the termination of Participants Employment (the date of such termination, the Termination Date); (b) Participant has intimate and valuable knowledge of the Business, as well as technical, financial, customer, supplier and other confidential information related to the Business, which, if exploited by Participant in contravention of the terms of this RC Agreement, would seriously, adversely and irreparably affect the ability of the Company or any of its Affiliates to continue the Business; (c) the agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement, as they relate to the Business and otherwise, have been determined by the Company or any of its Affiliates to be essential to protect the Business and goodwill of the Company or any of its Affiliates; (d) the Company would not grant the award pursuant to the terms of the award agreement to which this RC Agreement is attached but for the Participant agreeing to be bound by such agreements and covenants; and (e) Participant has the means to support himself or herself and his or her dependents other than by engaging in the Business, and the provisions of this RC Agreement will not impair such ability in any manner whatsoever.

2.

Non-Competition. During the period of Participants Employment and through the second (2nd)anniversary of the Termination Date (such period, the Restricted Period), Participant shall not, either directly or indirectly (and whether or not for compensation): (i) engage in the Business for Participants own account in any state of the United States and in any other country, in each case, in which the Company or any of its Affiliates conducts business or has plans to conduct business as of the Termination Date (the Restricted Territory); (ii) render any services to or for any person or entity engaged in the Business in any part of the Restricted Territory; (iii) acquire a financial interest in, or otherwise become actively involved with, any person or entity engaged in the Business in any part of the Restricted Territory, as an individual, partner, stockholder, member, officer, director, employee, principal, agent, trustee or consultant; or (iv) interfere with business relationships between the Company or any of its Affiliates or any direct or indirect parent or subsidiary thereof (each, a Protected Party and collectively, the Protected Parties), on the one hand, and employees, clients or suppliers of, or consultants to, any Protected Party, on the other hand. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this RC Agreement, Participant may, directly or indirectly, own, solely through passive ownership as a portfolio investment (with no director designation rights or other special governance rights), securities of any person engaged in the Business which are publicly traded on a national or regional 

stock exchange or over-the-counter if Participant (a) is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group which controls, such person and (b) does not, directly or indirectly, own 2% or more of any class of securities of such person.

3.

Non-Solicitation. During the Restricted Period and without written consent of the Company, Participant shall not, either directly or indirectly, (i) solicit or hire, or attempt to solicit or hire, any person who Participant knows, or should have known, is (or within six (6) months prior to the Termination Date has been) an employee of, or consultant to, any Protected Party, or (ii) solicit or encourage any person which is (or within the six (6) months prior to the Termination Date has been) a vendor of any Protected Party to terminate or diminish its relationship with them, or otherwise alter such relationship in any manner that is adverse to any Protected Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 3 shall not prohibit Participant from making general solicitations of employment that are not specifically targeted at any such employee or consultant, or soliciting or hiring any such person who responds to any such general solicitation or who approaches Participant without having been solicited in a manner prohibited hereby.

4.

Nondisclosure. Participant hereby agrees to hold in confidence all Confidential Information of the Company or any of its Affiliates that came into Participants knowledge during Participants Employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates and will not disclose, publish or make use of such Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Company for as long as the information remains Confidential Information other than in connection with the performance of Participants duties to the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes hereof, Confidential Information means any data or information that is valuable to any Protected Party (or, if owned by someone else, is valuable to that third party) and not generally known or available to the public or to competitors in the industry, including, but not limited to, any nonpublic information (regardless of whether in writing or retained as personal knowledge) pertaining to research and development; product costs, designs and processes; equityholder information; pricing, cost, or profit factors; recipes; quality programs; annual budget and long-range business plans; marketing plans and methods; contracts and bids; business ideas and methods, store concepts, inventions, innovations, developments, graphic designs, website designs, patterns, specifications, procedures, databases and personnel; and trade secrets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Participant also understands that if he or she files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company or any of its Affiliates for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Participant may disclose the trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the Participant (i) files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and (ii) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

5.

Nondisparagement. During Participants Employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates and thereafter, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, take any action, or encourage others to take any action, to disparage or criticize any of the Protected Parties or their 

respective employees, officers, directors, managers, products, services, customers or owners. The foregoing shall not be violated by the Participants truthful responses to legal process, inquiry by a governmental authority or to incorrect, disparaging or derogatory public statements to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such public statements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Participant from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to or otherwise cooperating with or providing information requested by any governmental agency or entity, including, but not limited to, the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. The Participant does not need the prior authorization of the Protected Parties to make any such reports or disclosures and the Participant is not required to notify the Protected Parties that the Participant has made such reports or disclosures.

6.

Rights and Remedies Upon Breach. If Participant breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the provisions of Sections 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 of this RC Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants), the Protected Parties shall have the following rights and remedies, each of which rights and remedies shall be independent of the others and severally enforceable, and each of which is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Protected Parties under law or in equity: (a) the right and remedy to seek to have the Restrictive Covenants specifically enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction, and to seek to establish an injunction without the requirement to post bond, it being agreed that any breach or threatened breach of the Restrictive Covenants would cause irreparable injury to the Protected Parties and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to the Protected Parties; and (b) the right and remedy to (i) require Participant to pay to the Protected Parties and 

(ii) offset against any distributions or other payments that Participant is entitled to receive from any member of the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether directly or indirectly), in each case, all damages, losses, costs or expenses incurred by the Protected Parties as the result of any action constituting a breach of the Restrictive Covenants, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction on a final, nonappealable basis. 

7.

Tolling. The Restricted Period shall be tolled by and extended by the length of any breach by Participant, to the extent permitted by law.

8.

Severability of Covenants. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Restrictive Covenants are reasonable and valid in geographical and temporal scope and in all other respects. If any court determines that any of the Restrictive Covenants, or any part thereof, are invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the Restrictive Covenants shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid portions. If this Agreement is required to be reformed in any way, it shall be reformed in the manner to most closely reflect the intent of the parties.

9.

Blue-Penciling. It is expressly understood and agreed that although Participant and the Company and its Affiliates consider the Restrictive Covenants to be reasonable, if a judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against Participant, the provisions of this RC Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such 

court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this RC Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained herein.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ewcz-ex10_3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3

European Wax Center, Inc.

2025 Inducement Plan

Notice of OPTION Grant

Participant: [__]

# of Shares Subject to Option: [__]

Date of Grant: [__]

Exercise Price Per Share: $[__]

Vesting Schedule: The Option shall vest in accordance with terms of the Award Agreement attached hereto as Annex I. Upon vesting, the Option shall no longer be subject to cancellation pursuant to Section 2 of the Award Agreement, subject to the other provisions of the Award Agreement (including Sections 3(b)(iii), 6 and 7) and the Plan.

Type of Option: Nonqualified Stock Option

By signing your name below, you accept the Option and acknowledge and agree that the Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the European Wax Center, Inc. 2025 Inducement Plan, the Award Agreement set forth on Annex I and the restrictive covenants set forth on Exhibit A thereto, each of which are hereby made a part of this document. The Option is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

[PARTICIPANT] European Wax Center, Inc.

By: 

Title: 

Annex I

EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

2025 Inducement Plan

OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT

Pursuant to the Notice of Option Grant (Grant Notice) and this Award Agreement, European Wax Center, Inc. (together with its Subsidiaries, whether existing or thereafter acquired or formed, and any and all successor entities, the Company) has granted the Participant an Option (the Option) under the European Wax Center, Inc. 2025 Inducement Plan (the Plan) with respect to the number of Shares indicated in the Grant Notice (the Award). The Option represents the right to purchase the number of Shares indicated in the Grant Notice (each, an Option Share), on the terms and conditions set forth in this Award Agreement and the Plan. The Option is granted to the Participant effective as of the Date of Grant as an inducement material to the Participant to enter into employment with the Company pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Award Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan.

1.

Vesting; Settlement.

(a)

Vesting. The Option shall vest and become exercisable [ ], subject to the Participants continued employment or service with the Company through such date (each such date, a Vesting Date).

(b)

Method of Exercise and Form of Payment. No Option Shares shall be delivered pursuant to any exercise of the Option until the Participant has paid in full to the Company the exercise price and an amount equal to any U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and employment taxes required to be withheld. The Option may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company or its designee (including a third-party administrator) in accordance with the terms hereof. The exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes shall be payable (i) in cash, check, cash equivalent and/or in Shares valued at the Fair Market Value at the time the Option is exercised (including, pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrator, by means of attestation of ownership of a sufficient number of Shares in lieu of actual delivery of such Shares to the Company); provided that such Shares are not subject to any pledge or other security interest; or (ii) by such other method as the Administrator may permit, including without limitation: (A) in other property having a Fair Market Value equal to the exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes, (B) if there is a public market for the Shares at such time, by means of a broker-assisted cashless exercise pursuant to which the Company is delivered a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell the Shares otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes, or (C) by means of a net exercise procedure effected by withholding the minimum number of Shares otherwise deliverable in respect of an Option that are needed to pay for the exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes. Any fractional Shares resulting from the application of this Section 1 shall be settled in cash. 

1

2.

Termination of Employment. In the event of the Participants termination of employment or service with the Company at any time, the unvested portion of the Option shall be canceled immediately and the Participant shall not be entitled to receive any payments with respect thereto.

3.

Expiration.

(a)

Option Period. In no event shall all or any portion of the Option be exercisable after the tenth annual anniversary of the Date of Grant (such ten-year period, the Option Period); provided, that if the Option Period would expire at a time when trading in the Shares is prohibited by the Companys insider-trading policy (or a Company-imposed blackout period), the Option Period shall be automatically extended until the 30th day following the expiration of such prohibition (so long as such extension shall not violate Section 409A of the Code).

(b)

Post-Termination Exercise. 

(i)

If, prior to the end of the Option Period, the Participants employment with or engagement to provide services to, the Company and all Affiliates is terminated without Cause or by the Participant for any reason, then the Option shall expire on the earlier of the last day of the Option Period and the date that is 90 days after the date of such termination; provided, however, that if the Participants employment or engagement to provide services to the Company and its Affiliates is terminated and the Participant is subsequently rehired, reappointed or reengaged by the Company or any Affiliate within 90 days following such termination and prior to the expiration of the Option, the Participant shall not be considered to have undergone a termination of employment or service, as applicable. In the event of a termination described in this subsection (i), the Option shall remain exercisable by the Participant until its expiration only to the extent that the Option was exercisable at the time of such termination.

(ii)

If (i) the Participants employment with or engagement to provide services to, the Company or an Affiliate is terminated prior to the end of the Option Period on account of the Participants Disability, (ii) the Participant dies while still in the employ or engagement of the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the Participant dies following a termination described in subsection (i) above but prior to the expiration of an Option, the Option shall expire on the earlier of the last day of the Option Period and the date that is one yearafter the date of death or termination on account of Disability of the Participant, as applicable. In such event, the Option shall remain exercisable by the Participant or Participants beneficiary, as applicable, until its expiration only to the extent that the Option was exercisable by the Participant at the time of such event.

(iii)

If the Participant ceases employment with or engagement to provide services to the Company or any Affiliates due to a termination for Cause, the Option (whether vested or unvested) shall expire immediately upon such termination.

4.

Rights as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to the Option unless and until the Participant becomes the record owner of the Shares subject to the Option.

2

5.

Tax Withholding. The Participant shall be solely responsible for any applicable taxes (including, without limitation, income and excise taxes) and penalties, and any interest that accrues thereon, that the Participant incurs in connection with the receipt, vesting or exercise of any Option granted hereunder. Without limiting Section 1(b), the Company shall be authorized to withhold from the Award the amount (in cash or Shares, or any combination thereof) of applicable withholding taxes due in respect of the Award, its exercise or any payment or transfer under the Award and to take such other action (including providing for elective payment of such amounts in cash or other property by the Participant) as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes; provided, however, that no Shares shall be withheld with a value exceeding the maximum statutory rates in the applicable tax jurisdictions.

6.

Clawback; Forfeiture; Detrimental Conduct.The Option shall be subject to the clawback, forfeiture and detrimental conduct provisions set forth in Section 14(u) of the Plan.

7.

Restrictive Covenants.

(a)

Without limiting any other non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or non-disclosure or other similar agreement to which the Participant may be a party, the Participant shall be subject to the confidentiality and restrictive covenants set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, which Exhibit A is incorporated herein and forms part of this Award Agreement. 

(b)

In the event that the Participant violates any of the restrictive covenants referred to in this Section 7, in addition to any other remedy that may be available at law or in equity, the Option shall be automatically forfeited effective as of the date on which such violation first occurs. The foregoing rights and remedies are in addition to any other rights and remedies that may be available to the Company and shall not prevent (and the Participant shall not assert that they shall prevent) the Company from bringing one or more actions in any applicable jurisdiction to recover damages as a result of the Participants breach of such restrictive covenants.

8.

Miscellaneous.

(a)

Compliance with Legal Requirements. The granting of the Option, and any other obligations of the Company under this Award Agreement, shall be subject to all applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, all applicable non-U.S. laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. The Participant agrees to take all steps that the Administrator or the Company determines are reasonably necessary to comply with all applicable provisions of U.S. federal and state securities law and non-U.S. securities law in exercising the Participants rights under this Award Agreement.

(b)

Transferability. The Option shall be subject to Section 14(b) of the Plan.

(c)

Participants Employment or Other Service Relationship. Nothing in the Option shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue the Participants employment or other service relationship with the Company or any of its Affiliates or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates or stockholders, as the case may be, to terminate the Participants employment or other service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates or to increase or decrease the Participants compensation at any time. The grant of the Option is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right to receive any other grant of other 

3

Awards under the Plan in the future. The grant of the Option does not form part of the Participants entitlement to compensation or benefits in terms of his or her employment or other service relationship with the Company or its Affiliates.

(d)

Waiver. No amendment or modification of any provision of this Award Agreement shall be effective unless signed in writing by or on behalf of the Company and the Participant, except that the Company may amend or modify this Award Agreement without the Participants consent in accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as otherwise set forth in this Award Agreement. No waiver of any breach or condition of this Award Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or condition whether of like or different nature. Any amendment or modification of or to any provision of this Award Agreement, or any waiver of any provision of this Award Agreement, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given.

(e)

Section 409A. The Option is not intended to be subject to Section 409A of the Code. This Award Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder, and the provisions of this Award Agreement shall be interpreted in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and this Award Agreement shall be operated accordingly. If any provision of this Award Agreement or any term or condition of the Option would otherwise conflict with this intent, the provision, term or condition shall be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid this conflict. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under this Award Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Participant on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code.

(f)

Notices. All notices, requests and other communications under this Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered in person (by courier or otherwise), mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested to the contact details below. The parties may use e-mail delivery, so long as the message is clearly marked, sent to the e-mail address(es) set forth below.

if to the Company, to:

European Wax Center, Inc.

5830 Granite Pkwy

3rd Floor

Plano, TX 75024

Telephone: [ ]

Facsimile: [ ]

Email: [ ]

Attention: [ ]

if to the Participant, to the address, facsimile number or e-mail address that the Participant most recently provided to the Company, or to such other address, facsimile number or e-mail address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other parties hereto.

4

(g)

Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Award Agreement, and each other provision of this Award Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

(h)

Successors. The terms of this Award Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns, and of the Participant and the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of the Participant. 

(i)

Entire Agreement. The Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that the Participant is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof (and has had an opportunity to consult counsel regarding the Option terms), and hereby accepts the grant of the Option and agrees to be bound by its contractual terms as set forth herein (including Exhibit A) and in the Plan. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the grant of the Option constitutes additional consideration to the Participant for the Participants continued and future compliance with any restrictive covenants in favor of the Company by which the Participant is otherwise bound. The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions and interpretations of the Administrator regarding any questions relating to the Option. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Award Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. This Award Agreement, including the Plan, constitutes the entire agreement between the Participant and the Company on the subject matter hereof and supersedes all proposals, written or oral, and all other communications between the parties relating to such subject matter.

(j)

Governing Law. Except as otherwise set forth in an Employment Agreement, this Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 

(k)

Dispute Resolution; Consent to Jurisdiction. Except as otherwise set forth in an Employment Agreement, the Participant and the Company agree that any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with this Award Agreement (whether brought by any party or any of its Affiliates or against any party or any of its Affiliates) shall be brought in the United States federal and state courts in Delaware, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court.

(l)

Electronic Signature and Delivery. This Award Agreement may be accepted by return signature or by electronic confirmation. By accepting this Award Agreement, the Participant consents to the electronic delivery of prospectuses, annual reports and other information required to be delivered by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules (which 

5

consent may be revoked in writing by the Participant at any time upon three business days notice to the Company, in which case subsequent prospectuses, annual reports and other information shall be delivered in hard copy to the Participant).

(m)

Electronic Participation in Plan. The Companymay, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Companyor a third party designated by the Company.

[Remainder of page intentionally blank]

6

Exhibit A

Restrictive Covenants

In consideration of the awards granted hereby and the compensation now and hereafter paid to Participant, or that Participant may receive in connection with his or her employment with the Company and all its Affiliates (Employment), Participant hereby agrees to be bound by the covenants as set forth in this Exhibit A (the RC Agreement).

1.

Acknowledgements. Participant acknowledges and agrees that (a) the term Business means, with respect to any person, firm, corporation, or other entity, in whatever form, (i) franchising, developing, owning and operating businesses engaged in waxing, body hair removal, facial hair removal, or threading or (ii) engaging in the business of providing any other activities, products or services of the specific type conducted, authorized, offered or provided by the Company or any of its Affiliates within six (6) months prior to the termination of Participants Employment (the date of such termination, the Termination Date); (b) Participant has intimate and valuable knowledge of the Business, as well as technical, financial, customer, supplier and other confidential information related to the Business, which, if exploited by Participant in contravention of the terms of this RC Agreement, would seriously, adversely and irreparably affect the ability of the Company or any of its Affiliates to continue the Business; (c) the agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement, as they relate to the Business and otherwise, have been determined by the Company or any of its Affiliates to be essential to protect the Business and goodwill of the Company or any of its Affiliates; (d) the Company would not grant the award pursuant to the terms of the award agreement to which this RC Agreement is attached but for the Participant agreeing to be bound by such agreements and covenants; and (e) Participant has the means to support himself or herself and his or her dependents other than by engaging in the Business, and the provisions of this RC Agreement will not impair such ability in any manner whatsoever.

2.

Non-Competition. During the period of Participants Employment and through the second (2nd)anniversary of the Termination Date (such period, the Restricted Period), Participant shall not, either directly or indirectly (and whether or not for compensation): (i) engage in the Business for Participants own account in any state of the United States and in any other country, in each case, in which the Company or any of its Affiliates conducts business or has plans to conduct business as of the Termination Date (the Restricted Territory); (ii) render any services to or for any person or entity engaged in the Business in any part of the Restricted Territory; (iii) acquire a financial interest in, or otherwise become actively involved with, any person or entity engaged in the Business in any part of the Restricted Territory, as an individual, partner, stockholder, member, officer, director, employee, principal, agent, trustee or consultant; or (iv) interfere with business relationships between the Company or any of its Affiliates or any direct or indirect parent or subsidiary thereof (each, a Protected Party and collectively, the Protected Parties), on the one hand, and employees, clients or suppliers of, or consultants to, any Protected Party, on the other hand. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this RC Agreement, Participant may, directly or indirectly, own, solely through passive ownership as a portfolio investment (with no director designation rights or other special governance rights), securities of any person engaged in the Business which are publicly traded on a national or regional 

7

stock exchange or over-the-counter if Participant (a) is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group which controls, such person and (b) does not, directly or indirectly, own 2% or more of any class of securities of such person.

3.

Non-Solicitation. During the Restricted Period and without written consent of the Company, Participant shall not, either directly or indirectly, (i) solicit or hire, or attempt to solicit or hire, any person who Participant knows, or should have known, is (or within six (6) months prior to the Termination Date has been) an employee of, or consultant to, any Protected Party, or (ii) solicit or encourage any person which is (or within the six (6) months prior to the Termination Date has been) a vendor of any Protected Party to terminate or diminish its relationship with them, or otherwise alter such relationship in any manner that is adverse to any Protected Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 3 shall not prohibit Participant from making general solicitations of employment that are not specifically targeted at any such employee or consultant, or soliciting or hiring any such person who responds to any such general solicitation or who approaches Participant without having been solicited in a manner prohibited hereby.

4.

Nondisclosure. Participant hereby agrees to hold in confidence all Confidential Information of the Company or any of its Affiliates that came into Participants knowledge during Participants Employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates and will not disclose, publish or make use of such Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Company for as long as the information remains Confidential Information other than in connection with the performance of Participants duties to the Company or any of its Affiliates. For purposes hereof, Confidential Information means any data or information that is valuable to any Protected Party (or, if owned by someone else, is valuable to that third party) and not generally known or available to the public or to competitors in the industry, including, but not limited to, any nonpublic information (regardless of whether in writing or retained as personal knowledge) pertaining to research and development; product costs, designs and processes; equityholder information; pricing, cost, or profit factors; recipes; quality programs; annual budget and long-range business plans; marketing plans and methods; contracts and bids; business ideas and methods, store concepts, inventions, innovations, developments, graphic designs, website designs, patterns, specifications, procedures, databases and personnel; and trade secrets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, the Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Participant also understands that if he or she files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company or any of its Affiliates for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Participant may disclose the trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the Participant (i) files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and (ii) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

5.

Nondisparagement. During Participants Employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates and thereafter, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, take any action, or encourage others to take any action, to disparage or criticize any of the Protected Parties or their 

8

respective employees, officers, directors, managers, products, services, customers or owners. The foregoing shall not be violated by the Participants truthful responses to legal process, inquiry by a governmental authority or to incorrect, disparaging or derogatory public statements to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such public statements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Participant from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to or otherwise cooperating with or providing information requested by any governmental agency or entity, including, but not limited to, the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. The Participant does not need the prior authorization of the Protected Parties to make any such reports or disclosures and the Participant is not required to notify the Protected Parties that the Participant has made such reports or disclosures.

6.

Rights and Remedies Upon Breach. If Participant breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the provisions of Sections 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 of this RC Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants), the Protected Parties shall have the following rights and remedies, each of which rights and remedies shall be independent of the others and severally enforceable, and each of which is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Protected Parties under law or in equity: (a) the right and remedy to seek to have the Restrictive Covenants specifically enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction, and to seek to establish an injunction without the requirement to post bond, it being agreed that any breach or threatened breach of the Restrictive Covenants would cause irreparable injury to the Protected Parties and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to the Protected Parties; and (b) the right and remedy to (i) require Participant to pay to the Protected Parties and 

(ii) offset against any distributions or other payments that Participant is entitled to receive from any member of the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether directly or indirectly), in each case, all damages, losses, costs or expenses incurred by the Protected Parties as the result of any action constituting a breach of the Restrictive Covenants, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction on a final, nonappealable basis. 

7.

Tolling. The Restricted Period shall be tolled by and extended by the length of any breach by Participant, to the extent permitted by law.

8.

Severability of Covenants. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Restrictive Covenants are reasonable and valid in geographical and temporal scope and in all other respects. If any court determines that any of the Restrictive Covenants, or any part thereof, are invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the Restrictive Covenants shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid portions. If this Agreement is required to be reformed in any way, it shall be reformed in the manner to most closely reflect the intent of the parties.

9.

Blue-Penciling. It is expressly understood and agreed that although Participant and the Company and its Affiliates consider the Restrictive Covenants to be reasonable, if a judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against Participant, the provisions of this RC Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such 

9

court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this RC Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained herein.

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ewcz-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Central Index Key 
Central Index Key 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Cover [Abstract] 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Amendment Flag 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Document Type 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Soliciting Material 
Document Period End Date 
Trading Symbol 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Security Exchange Name 
Written Communications 
Entity Ex Transition Period 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Entity Registrant Name 
Registrant Name 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Securities Act File Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
City Area Code 
Local Phone Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity Registrant Name EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001856236

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Securities Act File Number 001-40714

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3150064

Entity Address, Address Line One 5830 Granite Parkway, 3rd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Plano

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75024

City Area Code (469)

Local Phone Number 264-8123

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol EWCZ

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://waxcenter.com/20250321/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ewcz-20250321.htm 
ewcz-20250321.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-043254-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ewcz-20250321_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001856236 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

false 
0001856236 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC. 
DE 
001-40714 
86-3150064 
5830 Granite Parkway, 3rd Floor 
Plano 
TX 
75024 
(469) 
264-8123 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
EWCZ 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>