<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-000594.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-000594.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250102182253
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-000594
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241231
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pursuit Attractions & Hospitality, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884219
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				361169950
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11015
		FILM NUMBER:		25503291

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1401 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(602) 207-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1401 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VIAD CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960815

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIAL CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930823

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW DIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19921106
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>prsu-20241231.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0000884219--12-310000884219dei:FormerAddressMember2024-12-312024-12-3100008842192024-12-312024-12-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 31, 2024

Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

001-11015 

36-1169950

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1401 17th Street

Suite 1400 

Denver, Colorado 

80202

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code:(602)207-1000

Viad Corp

7000 East 1st Avenue

Scottsdale, Arizona85251-4304

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $1.50 Par Value 

PRSU 

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On December 31, 2024, the Company filed an amendment (the Amendment) to its Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to change the name of the Company from Viad Corp to Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc. (the Name Change). The Name Change became effective in the State of Delaware at 11:59 pm ET on December 31, 2024. Pursuant to Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholder approval was not required to complete the Name Change or to approve or effect the Amendment.

Effective as of the effectiveness of the Amendment, the Company also amended and restated its Bylaws (as amended and restated, the Amended and Restated Bylaws) to reflect the Name Change.

The foregoing descriptions of the Amendment and the Amended and Restated Bylaws do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 2, 2025, Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc. issued a press release announcing that it closed its previously announced agreement to acquire the Jasper SkyTram attraction in Jasper National Park on December 31, 2024.

A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The information in this Item 7.01 (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

As a result of the Name Change, the Companys common stock, par value $1.50 per share, which trades on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE), ceased trading under the ticker symbol VVI and commenced trading under the ticker symbol PRSU effective at the open of business on January 2, 2025. There were no changes to the Companys CUSIP in connection with the Name Change. In connection with the Name Change, the Company also moved its corporate headquarters to 1401 17th Street, Suite 1400, Denver, Colorado 80202.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

3.1 

Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc.

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc.

99.1 

Press Release issued by the Company, dated January 2, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc.

(Registrant)

Date: January 2, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Ellen M. Ingersoll

Ellen M. Ingersoll

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>prsu-ex3_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

VIAD CORP

Viad Corp, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the General Corporation Law), does hereby certify:

First: That the name of this corporation is Viad Corp (the Corporation). The Corporations original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 16, 1991, under the name The New Dial Corp.

Second: The Board of Directors of the Corporation, acting in accordance with Sections 141 and 242 of the General Corporation Law, adopted resolutions amending the Corporations Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate), as follows:

Article I of the Certificate is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

The name of the corporation (which is hereinafter referred to as the Corporation) is: Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc.

Third: All other provisions of the Certificate, as currently on file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, shall remain in full force and effect.

Fourth: This Certificate of Amendment shall become effective on December 31, 2024 at 11:59 p.m. Eastern time.

In Witness Whereof,the undersigned authorized officer of the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed as of December 31, 2024.

By: 

/s/ Ellen Ingersoll

Ellen Ingersoll

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>prsu-ex3_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2

BYLAWS

OF

PURSUIT ATTRACTIONS AND HOSPITALITY, iNC.

INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE

AS AMENDED THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2024

Article I

OFFICES AND RECORDS

Section 1.1

Delaware Office. The principal office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware shall be located in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name and address of its registered agent is The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware.

Section 1.2

Other Offices. The Corporation may have such other offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may designate or as the business of the Corporation may from time to time require.

Section 1.3

Books and Records. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept at the Corporations headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona or at such other locations as may from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors.

Article II

STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1

Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be held on the third Thursday in May of each year, if not a legal holiday, and if a legal holiday then on the next succeeding business day, at 8:00 a.m., local time, at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, or at such other date, place and/or time as may be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 2.2

Special Meeting. Subject to the rights of the holders of the Series $4.75 Preferred Stock, without par value but with a stated value of $100 per share (the $4.75 Preferred Stock), any series of preferred stock, par value $.01 per share (the Preferred Stock), or any other series or class of stock as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by the Chairman of the Board or by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies (the Whole Board).

Section 2.3

Place of Meeting. The Board of Directors may designate the place of meeting for any meeting of the stockholders. If no designation is made by the Board of Directors, the place of meeting shall be the principal office of the Corporation.

Section 2.4

Notice of Meeting. Written or printed notice, stating the place, day and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be prepared and delivered by the Corporation not less than ten days nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting, either personally, or by mail, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, 

1

addressed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. Such further notice shall be given as may be required by law. Meetings may be held without notice if all stockholders entitled to vote are present, or if notice is waived by those not present. Any previously scheduled meeting of the stockholders may be postponed by resolution of the Board of Directors upon public notice given prior to the time previously scheduled for such meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.5

Quorum and Adjournment. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Voting Stock), represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders, except that when specified business is to be voted on by a class or series voting as a class, the holders of a majority of the shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of such business. The chairman of the meeting or a majority of the voting power of the shares of Voting Stock so represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time, whether or not there is such a quorum (or in the case of specified business to be voted on a class or series, the chairman or a majority of the shares of such class or series so represented may adjourn the meeting with respect to such specified business). No notice of the time and place of adjourned meetings need be given except as required by law. The stockholders present at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum.

Section 2.6

Proxies. At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing by the stockholder or as otherwise permitted by law, or by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact. Such proxy must be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation or his representative at or before the time of the meeting.

Section 2.7

Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations.

(A)

Annual Meetings of Stockholders. (1) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (a) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting, (b) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (c) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (i) was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Bylaw and at the time of the annual meeting, (ii) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (iii) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Bylaw as to such business or nomination; clause (c) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business (other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and included in the Corporations notice of meeting) before an annual meeting of stockholders.

(2)

Without qualification, for any nominations or any other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to Section 2.7(A)(1)(c) of this Bylaw, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary and such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall 

2

any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. To be in proper form, a stockholders notice (whether given pursuant to this Section 2.7(A)(2) of this Bylaw or Section 2.7(B) of this Bylaw) to the Secretary must: (a) set forth, as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporations books, and of such beneficial owner, if any, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (B) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or otherwise (a Derivative Instrument) directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such stockholder and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (C) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder has a right to vote any shares of any security of the Company, (D) any short interest in any security of the Company (for purposes of this Bylaw a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (E) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such stockholder that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (F) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such stockholder is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner and (G) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such stockholder is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of such stockholders immediate family sharing the same household (which information shall be supplemented by such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, not later than 10 days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such ownership as of the record date), and (iii) any other information relating to such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; (b) if the notice relates to any business other than a nomination of a director or directors that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, set forth (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest of such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, in such business and (ii) a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder; (c) set forth, as to each person, if any, whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection to the Board of Directors (i) all information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected) and (ii) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404

3

promulgated under Regulation S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, if any, or any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith, were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant; and (d) with respect to each nominee for election or reelection to the Board of Directors, include a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Section 2.8 of these Bylaws. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee.

(3)

Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of Section 2.7(A)(2) of this Bylaw to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, a stockholders notice required by this Bylaw shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.

(B)

Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b) provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who (i) is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Bylaw and at the time of the special meeting, (ii) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (iii) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Bylaw as to such nomination. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporations notice of meeting, if the stockholders notice required by Section 2.7(A)(2) of this Bylaw with respect to any nomination (including the completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Section 2.8 of these Bylaws) shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the date of such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the date of such special meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such special meeting is less than 100 days prior to the date of such special meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of a special meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

(C)

General (1) Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Bylaw shall be eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Bylaw. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Bylaw and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with this Bylaw, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded.

4

(2)

For purposes of this Bylaw, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(3)

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Bylaw, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Bylaw; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to Section 2.7(A)(1)(c) or Section 2.7(B) of this Bylaw. Nothing in this Bylaw shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock if and to the extent provided for under law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

Section 2.8

Submission of Questionnaire, Representation and Agreement. To be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director of the Corporation, a person must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 2.7 of these Bylaws) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request) and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such person (A) is not and will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such persons ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such persons fiduciary duties under applicable law, (B) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed therein, and (C) in such persons individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation and will comply with all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation.

Section 2.9

Procedure for Election of Directors. Election of directors at all meetings of the stockholders at which directors are to be elected shall be by written ballot, and, except as otherwise set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the right of the holders of the $4.75 Preferred Stock, any series of Preferred Stock or any other series or class of stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, by a majority of the votes cast thereat as provided in Article III, Section 3.10. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, all matters submitted to the stockholders at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of the votes cast with respect thereto.

Section 2.10

Inspectors of Elections; Opening and Closing the Polls.

(A)

The Board of Directors by resolution shall appoint one or more inspectors, which inspector or inspectors may include individuals who serve the Corporation in other capacities, including, without limitation, as officers, employees, agents or representatives of the Corporation, to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One or more persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate has been appointed to act, or if all inspectors or 

5

alternates who have been appointed are unable to act, at a meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before discharging his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspectors shall have the duties prescribed by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

(B)

The chairman of the meeting shall fix and announce at the meeting the date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting.

Section 2.11

No Stockholder Action by Written Consent. Subject to the rights of the holders of the $4.75 Preferred Stock, any series of Preferred Stock or any other series or class of stock as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation to elect additional directors under specific circumstances, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders.

Article III

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 3.1

General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of its Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authorities by these Bylaws expressly conferred upon them, the Board of Directors may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

Section 3.2

Number, Tenure and Qualifications. Subject to the rights of the holders of the $4.75 Preferred Stock, any series of Preferred Stock, or any other series or class of stock as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation, to elect directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, but shall consist of not more than seventeen nor less than three directors. The directors, other than those who may be elected by the holders of the $4.75 Preferred Stock, any series of Preferred Stock, or any other series or class of stock as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation, shall be divided, with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, with the term of office of the first class to expire at the 1992 annual meeting of stockholders, the term of office of the second class to expire at the 1993 annual meeting of stockholders and the term of office of the third class to expire at the 1994 annual meeting of stockholders. Each director shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. At each annual meeting of stockholders, commencing with the 1992 annual meeting, (i) directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election, with each director to hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, and (ii) if authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors, directors may be elected to fill any vacancy on the Board of Directors, regardless of how such vacancy shall have been created.

Section 3.3

Regular Meetings. A regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held without other notice than this Bylaw immediately after, and at the same place as, each annual meeting of stockholders. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, provide the time and place for the holding of additional regular meetings without other notice than such resolution.

6

Section 3.4

Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be called at the request of the Chairman of the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the Board of Directors. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the place and time of the meetings.

Section 3.5

Notice. Notice of any special meeting shall be given to each director at his business or residence in writing, e-mail, by telegram or by telephone communication. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when deposited in the United States mails so addressed, with postage thereon prepaid, at least five days before such meeting. If by telegram, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when the telegram is delivered to the telegraph company at least twenty-four hours before such meeting. If by e-mail or facsimile transmission, such notice shall be transmitted at least twenty-hours before such meeting. If by telephone, the notice shall be given at least twelve hours prior to the time set for the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice of such meeting, except for amendments to these Bylaws as provided under Section 7.1 of Article VII hereof. A meeting may be held at any time without notice if all the directors are present or if those not present waive notice of the meeting in writing, either before or after such meeting.

Section 3.6

Quorum. A whole number of directors equal to at least a majority of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but if at any meeting of the Board of Directors there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice. The act of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. The directors present at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough directors to leave less than a quorum.

Section 3.7

Vacancies. Subject to the rights of the holders of the $4.75 Preferred Stock, any series of Preferred Stock or any other series or class of stock, as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation, to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, and unless the Board of Directors otherwise determines, vacancies resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause, and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, and directors so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which they have been elected expires and until such directors successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. No decrease in the number of authorized directors constituting the Whole Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Section 3.8

Chairman of the Board. The Board of Directors may elect from its members a Chairman of the Board of Directors. If a Chairman of the Board of Directors has been elected and is present, such Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and stockholders. The Chairman of the Board shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may determine, including (if the Chairman of the Board is not the Chief Executive Officer) providing advice and counsel to the Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management in areas such as corporate and strategic planning and policy, mergers and acquisitions, investor relations and other areas requested by the Board of Directors. Except where by law the signature of the Chief Executive Officer or President is required, the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall possess, where duly authorized by the Board of Directors, the same power as the Chief Executive Officer or President to sign all certificates, contracts, and other instruments of the Corporation. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall make reports to the Board of Directors and shall perform all such other duties as are properly required of the Chairman by the Board of Directors.

7

Section 3.9

Removal. Subject to the rights of the holders of the $4.75 Preferred Stock, any series of Preferred Stock or any other series or class of stock, as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation, to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80 percent of the voting power of the then outstanding Voting Stock, voting together as a single class.

Section 3.10

Majority Voting. Except as provided in Section 3.7 of this Article, each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to the director at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, provided that if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any such meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. For purposes of this Section, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director must exceed 50% of the votes cast with respect to that director. If a director is not elected, the director shall offer to tender his or her resignation to the Board. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board will act on the Committees recommendation and publicly disclose its decision and the rationale behind it within 90 days from the date of the certification of the election results. The director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in the Boards decision.

Article IV

OFFICERS

Section 4.1

Elected Officers. The elected officers of the Corporation shall be a President and Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and such other officers as the Board of Directors from time to time may deem proper. The Chairman of the Board shall be chosen from the directors. All officers chosen by the Board of Directors shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article IV. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors or by any committee thereof.

Section 4.2

Election and Term of Office. The elected officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the regular meeting of the Board of Directors held after each annual meeting of the stockholders. If the election of officers shall not be held at such meeting, such election shall be held as soon thereafter as convenient. Subject to Section 4.7 of these Bylaws, each officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified or until his death or until he shall resign.

Section 4.3

President and Chief Executive Officer. The President and Chief Executive Officer shall be responsible for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties incident to his office that may be required by law and all such other duties as are properly required of him by the Board of Directors. The President and Chief Executive Officer shall make reports to the Board of Directors, and shall perform all such other duties as are properly required of him by the Board of Directors, and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors and of any committee thereof are carried into effect. The President and Chief Executive Officer may sign, alone or with the Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, or any other proper officer of the Corporation authorized by the Board of Directors, certificates, contracts, and other instruments of the Corporation as authorized by the Board of Directors.

8

Section 4.4

Secretary. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of stockholders and Directors and all other notices required by law or by these Bylaws, and in case of his absence or refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may be given by any person thereunto directed by the Chairman of the Board or the President and Chief Executive Officer, or by the Board of Directors, upon whose request the meeting is called as provided in these Bylaws. He shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Board of Directors, any committees thereof and the stockholders of the Corporation in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the President and Chief Executive Officer. He shall have the custody of the seal of the Corporation and may affix the same to all instruments requiring it, and attest to the same.

Section 4.5

Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation. The Treasurer shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositaries as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, or the President and Chief Executive Officer, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements. The Treasurer shall render to the Chairman of the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors, whenever requested, an account of all his transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond for the faithful discharge of his duties in such amount and with such surety as the Board of Directors shall prescribe.

Section 4.6

Removal. Any officer elected by the Board of Directors may be removed by a majority of the members of the Whole Board whenever, in their judgment, the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of his successor, his death, his resignation or his removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or an employee plan.

Section 4.7

Vacancies. A newly created office and a vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, or removal may be filled by the Board of Directors for the unexpired portion of the term at any meeting of the Board of Directors.

Article V

STOCK CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFERS

Section 5.1

Stock Certificates and Transfers

(A)

The interest of each stockholder of the Corporation shall be evidenced by certificates for shares of stock in such form as the appropriate officers of the Corporation may from time to time prescribe, provided, that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the Board of Directors, every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the corporation by the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the President and Chief Executive Officer or a Vice-President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.

9

(B)

The certificates of stock shall be signed, countersigned and registered in such manner as the Board of Directors may by resolution prescribe, which resolution may permit all or any of the signatures on such certificates to be in facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

(C)

The shares of the stock of the Corporation represented by certificates shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the holder thereof in person or by his attorney, upon surrender for cancellation of certificates for the same number of shares, with an assignment and power of transfer endorsed thereon or attached thereto, duly executed, with such proof of the authenticity of the signature as the corporation or its agents may reasonably require. Upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of uncertificated shares such uncertificated shares shall be canceled and issuance of new equivalent uncertificated shares or certificated shares shall be made to the person entitled thereto and the transaction shall be recorded upon the books of the Corporation. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law or, unless otherwise provided by the Delaware General Corporation Law, a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.

Section 5.2

Lost, Stolen, or Destroyed Certificates. No Certificate for shares or uncertificated shares of stock in the Corporation shall be issued in place of any certificate alleged to have been lost, destroyed or stolen, except on production of such evidence of such loss, destruction or theft and on delivery to the Corporation of a bond of indemnity in such amount, upon such terms and secured by such surety, as the Board of Directors or any financial officer may in its or his discretion require.

Article VI

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 6.1

Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January and end on the thirty-first day of December of each year.

Section 6.2

Dividends. The Board of Directors may from time to time declare, and the Corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares in the manner and upon the terms and conditions provided by law and its Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 6.3

Seal. The corporate seal shall be in circular form and shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation and the words Corporate SealDelaware.

Section 6.4

Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given to any stockholder or director of the Corporation under the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Board of Directors need be specified in any waiver of notice of such meeting.

10

Section 6.5

Audits. The accounts, books and records of the Corporation shall be audited upon the conclusion of each fiscal year by an independent certified public accountant appointed by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and it shall be the duty of the Board of Directors to cause such audit to be made annually.

Section 6.6

Resignations. Any director or any officer, whether elected or appointed, may resign at any time by serving written notice of such resignation on the Chairman of the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary, and such resignation shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the date said notice is received by the Chairman of the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary or at such later date as is stated therein. No formal action shall be required of the Board of Directors or the stockholders to make any such resignation effective.

Section 6.7

Indemnification and Insurance. (A) Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that except as provided in paragraph (B) of this Bylaw with respect to proceedings seeking to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

(B)

If a claim under paragraph (A) of this Bylaw is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such claim. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct which make it permissible under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

11

(C)

Following any change in control of the Corporation of the type required to be reported under Item 1 of Form 8-K promulgated under the Exchange Act, any determination as to entitlement to indemnification shall be made by independent legal counsel selected by the claimant, which independent legal counsel shall be retained by the Board of Directors on behalf of the Corporation.

(D)

The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred in this Bylaw shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

(E)

The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

(F)

The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification, and rights to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition, to any agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Bylaw with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors, officers and employees of the Corporation.

(G)

The right to indemnification conferred in this Bylaw shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that if the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding, shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Bylaw or otherwise.

(H)

Any amendment or repeal of this Article VI shall not adversely affect any right or protection existing hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.

Section 6.8

Election not to be subject to Arizona Control Share Acquisitions Statute. The Corporation elects not to be subject to Title 10, Chapter 23, Article 2 of the Arizona Revised Statutes, relating to Control Share Acquisitions.

Article VII

AMENDMENTS

Section 7.1

Amendments. These Bylaws may be amended, added to, rescinded or repealed at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of the stockholders, provided notice of the proposed change was given in the notice of the meeting and, in the case of a meeting of the Board of Directors, in a notice given no less than twenty-four hours prior to the meeting; provided, however, that, in the case of amendments by stockholders, notwithstanding any other provisions of these Bylaws or any provision of law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of any particular class or series of stock required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80 percent of the voting power of the then outstanding Voting 

12

Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required to alter, amend or repeal any provision of these Bylaws.

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>prsu-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

Pursuit completes acquisition of the Jasper SkyTram in Jasper National Park

JASPER, AB (Jan 2, 2025) Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality Inc. (Pursuit) (NYSE: PRSU), announced today that it closed on the previously announced acquisition of the Jasper SkyTram, which is located in Canadas iconic Jasper National Park. The attraction is one of Jaspers most recognizable tourism destinations within the globally visited Canadian Rocky Mountain town.

Today, we warmly welcome the Jasper SkyTram to Pursuit, said Stuart Back, Chief Operating Officer, Banff Jasper Collection by Pursuit. Led by GM Todd Noble and his strong local team, we are committed to the long-term investment of this iconic attraction, in ensuring its continued legacy as an important tourism pillar, and in creating an exceptional hospitality experience for guests and staff.

The accessible mountain experience provides visitors of all ages and abilities the chance to ascend 2,263 meters (8,081 feet), up Whistlers Mountain via tram while taking in 360-degree national park views. Amenities on site include an interpretive boardwalk, easy access to hiking trails, and light culinary offerings.

Pursuit has a long-standing history of delivering exceptional guest experiences throughout the Canadian Rockies. Together with the experienced Jasper SkyTram team, we look forward to finalizing our plans to invest in the refresh and renewal of this important Jasper landmark, said David Barry, President and Chief Executive Officer, Pursuit. As we enter 2025, we will continue to work closely with the community, Parks Canada and our tourism partners to ensure Jaspers thoughtful and sustainable growth.

The purchase price was $23.7 million Canadian dollars (approximately $17 million U.S. dollars) for the Jasper SkyTram, which includes a renewable long-term lease with Parks Canada, with nearly 30 years remaining.

For more information on the Jasper SkyTram visit jasperskytram.com

Images of the Jasper SkyTram can be accessed here. Photo credit: Jasper SkyTram by Pursuit

About Pursuit

Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc. (NYSE: PRSU), is an attractions and hospitality company that owns and operates a collection of inspiring and unforgettable experiences in iconic destinations in the United States, Canada, and Iceland. Pursuits elevated hospitality experiences include 15 world-class point-of-interest attractions and 28 distinctive lodges, along with integrated restaurants, retail and transportation that enable visitors to discover and connect with stunning national parks and renowned global travel locations. For more information visit pursuitcollection.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains a number of forward-looking statements. Words, and variations of words, such as will, can, may, expect, would, could, might, intend, plan, believe, estimate, anticipate, deliver, seek, aim, potential, target, outlook, and similar expressions are intended to identify our forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include those that address activities, events or developments that Pursuit or its management believes or anticipates may occur in the future, including all statements regarding expectations concerning Pursuits opportunities and performance as a standalone public company. Similarly, statements that describe our go-forward business strategy, objectives, plans, intentions, or goals also are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts and are subject to a host of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in our forward-looking statements are set forth under

PURSUITCOLLECTION.COM 

1

Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. We disclaim and do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this press release except as required by applicable law or regulation.

For media inquiries, please contact:

Tanya Otis, Pursuit

Email: totis@pursuitcollection.com | Phone: 587.222.4686

For investor inquiries, please contact:

Carrie Long or Michelle Porhola

Email: ir@pursuitcollection.com | Phone: 602.207.2681

PURSUITCOLLECTION.COM 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>img140208897_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>img204406024_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>prsu-20241231.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Cover [Abstract] 
Amendment Flag 
City Area Code 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Document Period End Date 
Document Type 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Local Phone Number 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Security Exchange Name 
Soliciting Material 
Trading Symbol 
Written Communications 
Document Information [Table] 
Document Information [Line Items] 
Former Address [Member] 
Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 
Address Type [Domain]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document And Entity Information

Dec. 31, 2024

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2024

Entity Registrant Name Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000884219

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity File Number 001-11015

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-1169950

Entity Address, Address Line One 1401 17th Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1400

Entity Address, City or Town Denver

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80202

City Area Code (602)

Local Phone Number 207-1000

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Viad Corp

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $1.50 Par Value

Trading Symbol PRSU

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Former Address [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Address Line One 7000 East 1st Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Scottsdale

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85251-4304

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
2 
25 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.pursuitcollection.com/20241231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

prsu-20241231.htm 
prsu-20241231.xsd 

img204406024_0.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-000594-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>prsu-20241231_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000884219 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

0000884219 

2024-12-31 
2024-12-31 

false 
0000884219 
--12-31 
8-K 
2024-12-31 
Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc. 
DE 
001-11015 
36-1169950 
1401 17th Street 
Suite 1400 
Denver 
CO 
80202 
(602) 
207-1000 
Viad Corp 
7000 East 1st Avenue 
Scottsdale 
AZ 
85251-4304 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $1.50 Par Value 
PRSU 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>