<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950103-25-004975.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0000950103-25-004975.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417083758
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-25-004975
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MONEYLION INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001807846
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39346
		FILM NUMBER:		25844399

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 WEST 21ST STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-380-1735

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 WEST 21ST STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fusion Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200326
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dp227806_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000180784600018078462025-04-172025-04-170001807846ML:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-04-172025-04-170001807846ML:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableFor130thOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockMember2025-04-172025-04-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

____________________________

FORM 8-K

____________________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported):
April 17, 2025

____________________________

MONEYLION INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter)

____________________________

Delaware 001-39346 85-0849243

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

249-245 West 17th Street,Floor
4

New York, NY10011

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code: (212) 300-9865

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report)

____________________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ML The New York Stock Exchange

Redeemable warrants: each whole warrant exercisable for 1/30th of one share of Class A common stock ML WS The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introduction

Merger Agreement

On April 17, 2025, pursuant
to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 10, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among MoneyLion
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Gen Digital Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and
Maverick Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), Merger
Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent.

Effect on Capital Stock 

Upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each
share of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Company Common Stock) that was issued
and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any shares of Company Common Stock that were held by the Company
as treasury stock or owned by Parent, any shares of Company Common Stock with respect to which a no transfer order was placed with the
Companys transfer agent as of the date of the Merger Agreement that remained in place immediately prior to the Effective Time,
and any shares of Company Common Stock as to which appraisal rights were properly exercised in accordance with Delaware law and whose
holder complied with Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware with respect thereto) was automatically cancelled,
extinguished and converted into the right to receive (i) $82.00 in cash (the Cash Consideration), without interest
thereon, and (ii) one contingent value right (a CVR) issued by Parent subject to and in accordance with that certain
Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2025 (the CVR Agreement), by and among Parent and Computershare
Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its affiliate Computershare Trust Company, N.A., a federally chartered trust company (together, the
Rights Agent) (collectively, the Merger Consideration).

Equity Awards

At the Effective Time:

Each option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock (a Company Option) that was
outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested or unvested) with an exercise price that was less than the Company
Common Stock Closing Price (as defined in the Merger Agreement) rounded down to the nearest whole cent, was cancelled and converted into
the right to receive (i) an amount in cash, without interest thereon, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the number of shares
of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time by (b) the excess, if any, of the
Cash Consideration over the exercise price per share of such Company Option and (ii) one CVR in respect of each share of Company Common
Stock subject to such Company Option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time.

Each Company Option that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (whether vested
or unvested) with an exercise price that equals or exceeds the Company Common Stock Closing Price was forfeited and cancelled for no consideration.

Each award of restricted stock units covering shares of Company Common Stock (the Company RSUs)
that was outstanding and vested as of immediately prior to the Effective Time or that vested in accordance with its terms as in effect as
of the date of the Merger Agreement (the Vested Company RSUs) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive
the Merger Consideration in respect of each share of Company Common Stock subject to such Vested Company RSU as of immediately prior to
the Effective Time.

Each award of Company RSUs that was outstanding and unvested as of immediately prior to the Effective Time
(the Unvested Company RSUs) was assumed by Parent and converted into a restricted stock unit award (the Converted
RSUs) with respect to a number of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent (Parent Common Stock)
equal to the product, rounded down to the nearest whole share, obtained by multiplying (i) the number of shares of Company Common Stock
subject to such Unvested Company RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time by (ii) the Equity Award Conversion Ratio (as defined in
the Merger Agreement) and, except with respect to certain senior executives of the Company as set forth below, such Converted RSUs will
continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as applied to the corresponding Unvested Company RSUs immediately prior to the
Effective Time.

Each award of performance restricted stock units covering shares of Company Common Stock that vests based
on the achievement of specified target annual key performance conditions and service-based vesting conditions outstanding as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time (the Company Annual PSUs) was assumed by Parent and converted into an award of Converted
RSUs with respect to a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product, rounded down to the nearest whole share, obtained
by multiplying (i) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to the Company Annual PSUs immediately prior to the Effective
Time (with the performance-based vesting condition that applied to the Company Annual PSUs immediately prior to the Effective Time deemed
attained based on actual performance through the Effective Time in accordance with the applicable award agreement) by (ii) the Equity
Award Conversion Ratio, and, except with respect to certain senior executives of the Company as set forth below, such Converted RSUs will
continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions (including time-based vesting conditions, but excluding any performance-based
vesting conditions) as applied to the corresponding Company Annual PSUs immediately prior to the Effective Time.

Each award of Converted RSUs held by each of Diwakar Choubey, Richard Correia, Adam VanWagner and Timmie
Hong, other than any award of Converted RSUs received in respect of any Company RSUs granted on or after the date of the Merger Agreement,
was amended to provide for accelerated vesting in accordance with the terms of the employment transition agreement entered into between
Mr. Choubey and Merger Sub and the employment offer letters entered into between each of Messrs. Correia, VanWagner and Hong, and Merger
Sub.

Each award of performance restricted stock units covering shares of Company Common Stock that vests based
on the achievement of specified share price performance conditions and service-based vesting conditions outstanding as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time (the Company Share Price PSUs) vested to the extent set forth in the applicable award
agreement relating to such Company Share Price PSUs and was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration
in respect of each vested share of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Share Price PSUs (with the applicable performance conditions
deemed achieved based on the Company Common Stock Closing Price in accordance with the applicable award agreement). Each Company Share
Price PSU that did not vest in accordance with its terms based on the Company Common Stock Closing Price was forfeited and cancelled for
no consideration as of the Effective Time.

Each redeemable warrant exercisable to purchase one share of Company Common Stock at an exercise price
of $345.00 per share, as adjusted (a Common Stock Warrant), that was outstanding and unexercised as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time, became, at the Effective Time, exercisable for the Merger Consideration that such holder would have received
if such Common Stock Warrant had been exercised by paying the exercise price in respect thereof in cash immediately prior to the Effective
Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a holder of a Common Stock Warrant that was outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior
to the Effective Time properly exercised or exercises such Common Stock Warrant within 30 days following the public disclosure of the
consummation of the Merger, the exercise price in respect thereof was or will be reduced in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement
governing such Common Stock Warrant.

CVR Agreement

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on April 17,
2025, Parent and the Rights Agent entered into the CVR Agreement governing the terms of the CVRs. Each CVR entitles its holder to receive
$23.00 of shares of Parent Common Stock (issuable based on an assumed share price of $30.48 per share of Parent Common Stock) if, on any
date prior to the second anniversary of the date hereof, the Average VWAP (as defined in the CVR Agreement) of Parent Common Stock for
30 consecutive trading days is equal to or greater than $37.50 (subject to certain adjustments) or Parent undergoes a change of control.

The foregoing descriptions
of the Merger Agreement and the CVR Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger and issuance of the CVRs,
do not purport to be complete, and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement
and the CVR Agreement, which are filed as Exhibits 2.1 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.02. Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information set forth
in the Introduction of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.02.

Concurrently with the closing
of the Merger, the Company repaid all loans and discharged all obligations and terminated all related credit commitments, guarantee agreements,
security agreements and liens outstanding under the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2024, with several lenders from time to
time party thereto, and Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company, as administrative agent and lead arranger.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Item 1.02 is incorporated
by reference into this Item 2.01.

Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

The information set forth in Item 1.02 and Item
2.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01.

The Company notified the New
York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on April 17, 2025 of the consummation of the Merger. In connection with the consummation
of the Merger, the Company requested that the NYSE suspend trading of Company Common Shares and Common Stock Warrants on the NYSE and
remove Company Common Shares and Common Stock Warrants from listing on the NYSE, in each case, prior to the opening of the market on April
17, 2025. The Company also requested that the NYSE file a notification of removal from listing of Company Common Shares and the Common
Stock Warrants on Form 25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

The Company intends to file
Form 15 with the SEC to terminate the registration of Company Common Shares and the Common Stock Warrants under Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and suspend the Companys reporting obligations under
Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act ten days after the filing of such Form 25.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth
in Item 1.02, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

At the Effective Time, each
holder of Company Common Shares immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a shareholder of the Company other
than the right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

Each Common Stock Warrant
that was outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, became, at the Effective Time, exercisable for the
Merger Consideration that such holder would have received if such Common Stock Warrant had been exercised by paying the exercise price
in respect thereof in cash immediately prior to the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a holder of a Common Stock Warrant
that was outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the Effective Time properly exercised or exercises such Common Stock Warrant
within 30 days following the public disclosure of the consummation of the Merger, the exercise price in respect thereof was or will be
reduced in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement governing such Common Stock Warrant.

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth
in Item 1.02, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

As a result of the Merger,
a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Company is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. The total amount of consideration payable to the Company's security holders (other than holders of Company Common Stock with respect to which a no transfer order was placed with the Company's transfer agent as of the date of the Merger Agreement that remained in place immediately prior to the Effective Time) in connection with the Merger was approximately $933 million and approximately 11,600,000 CVRs.
Parent obtained a portion
of the cash consideration paid in connection with the Merger through an Incremental Term B Loan (as defined in the Credit Agreement) funded
pursuant to that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2024 (the Second Amendment),
by and among Parent, the guarantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the Agent), and
each Second Amendment Incremental Term B Loan Lender (as defined therein), which amended that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,
dated as of September 12, 2022 (as amended by the First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 5, 2024 and as
further amended by the Second Amendment, the Credit Agreement), by and among, inter alia, Parent, the
guarantors party thereto from time to time, the lenders party thereto from time to time and the Agent.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As of the Effective
Time, in accordance with the Merger Agreement, all of the directors of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time resigned
as directors of the Company. The positions on committees of the Companys Board of Directors held by such resigning directors
are as set forth in the Companys Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 29, 2024, under the Section
Corporate GovernanceCommittees of the Board of Directors and in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K,
filed with the SEC on July 16, 2024, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information set forth
in Item 1.02, Item 2.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.01 and Item 5.02 is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
at the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Company was amended and restated and, as so amended and restated, shall
be the certificate of incorporation of the Company until further amended. In addition, the bylaws of Merger Sub in effect at the Effective
Time became the bylaws of the Company (except that references to the name of Merger Sub were replaced by reference to the name of the
Company). Copies of the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws are attached as Exhibits 3.1 and
3.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 8.01. Other Events. 

On April 17, 2025, the Company
issued a notice to holders of Common Stock Warrants announcing certain information with respect to the Common Stock Warrants, including
the reduced exercise price in respect thereof for 30 days following the public disclosure of the consummation of the Merger under the
terms of the warrant agreement governing the Common Stock Warrants. A copy of such notice is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 10, 2024, by and among MoneyLion Inc., Gen Digital Inc. and Maverick Group Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on MoneyLion Inc. 8-K (File No. 001-39346) filed on December 11, 2024)*

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MoneyLion Inc., dated April 17, 2025.

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of MoneyLion Inc., dated April 17, 2025.

10.1 Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2025, by and among Gen Digital Inc., Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

99.1 Notice to Holders of Common Stock Warrants dated April 17, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* All schedules to the Merger Agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby agrees to
furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MONEYLION INC.

By: /s/ Richard Correia

Name: Richard Correia

Title: President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Date: April 17, 2025

[Signature Page to Closing 8-K]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dp227806_ex0301.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF MONEYLION INC.

ARTICLE
1.

NAME

The name of the corporation is MoneyLion Inc.

aRTICLE
2.

REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT

The address of its registered office in the State
of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808. The name of its registered agent at such
address is Corporation Service Company.

ARTICLE
3.

PURPOSE AND POWERS

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in
any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same
exists or may hereafter be amended (Delaware Law).

ARTICLE
4.

CAPITAL STOCK

(A) Authorized
Shares.

1. Classes of Stock. The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is one hundred (100),
all of which shall be shares of common stock, with a par value of one cent ($0.01) per share.

(B) Voting
Rights.

Each holder of Common Stock, as such, shall be
entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled
to vote.

ARTICLE
5.

BYLAWS

The Board of Directors is
expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind, in whole or in part, the bylaws of the Corporation (as in effect from
time to time, the Bylaws) without the assent or vote of the stockholders
in any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or this Certificate of Incorporation. The stockholders may
make, repeal, alter, amend or rescind, in whole or in part, the Bylaws.

ARTICLE
6.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

(A) Power of the Board of Directors. The business and affairs
of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors.

(B) No
Written Ballot. Unless and except to the extent that the Bylaws shall so require, election of directors of the Corporation need
not be by written ballot.

ARTICLE
7.

INDEMNIFICATION

(A) Limited
Liability. A director of the Corporation shall not be liable
to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted
by Delaware Law.

(B) Right
to Indemnification.

1.The Corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by law, may indemnify and advance expenses to any person made or threatened to
be made a party to an action, suit or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that
he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation or is or was serving
at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise.

2.The Corporation may, by action of its Board of Directors, provide indemnification to such of the employees and agents of the Corporation
to such extent and to such effect as the Board of Directors shall determine to be appropriate and authorized by Delaware Law.

(C) Insurance.
The Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss incurred by such person in
any such capacity or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify
such person against such liability under Delaware Law.

(D) Nonexclusivity
of Rights. The rights and authority conferred in this Article
7 shall not be exclusive of any other right that any person may otherwise have or hereafter acquire.

(E) Preservation
of Rights. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article
7, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware
Law, any modification of law, shall adversely affect any right or protection of any person granted pursuant hereto existing at, or arising
out of or related to any event, act or omission that occurred prior to, the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification
(regardless of when any proceeding (or part thereof) relating to such event, act or omission arises or is first threatened, commenced
or completed).

ARTICLE
8.

AMENDMENTS

The Corporation reserves the right to amend this
Certificate of Incorporation in any manner permitted by Delaware Law and all rights and powers conferred upon stockholders, directors
and officers herein are granted subject to this reservation.

ARTICLE
9.

SECTION 203

The Corporation expressly elects not to be governed
by Section 203 of the Delaware Law, and the restrictions contained in Section 203 of the Delaware Law shall not apply to the Corporation.

ARTICLE
10.

FORUM SELECTION

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Court of Chancery) shall
be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee
of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation,
its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware Law or this Certificate of Incorporation or the
Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs
doctrine and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process
on such stockholders counsel, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery
determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party
does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested
in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have
subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal
district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this
Article 10 will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any
other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest
in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article 10.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dp227806_ex0302.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

BYLAWS

OF

MONEYLION INC.

A Delaware Corporation

(Adopted as of April 17, 2025)

Article
I

OFFICES

Section 1.1Registered Office.

The registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware shall be located at 251 Little Falls
Drive, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19808. The name of the corporation's registered agent at such address shall
be Corporation Service Company. The registered office and/or registered agent of the corporation may be changed from time to
time by action of the board of directors.

Section 1.2Other Offices.

The corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware,
as the board of directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

Article
II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1Place and Time of Meetings.

An annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held each year for the purpose of electing directors
and conducting such other proper business as may come before the meeting. The date, time and place of the annual meeting may
be determined by resolution of the board of directors or as set by the chief executive officer of the corporation.

Section 2.2Special Meetings.

Special meetings of stockholders may be called for any purpose (including, without limitation, the filling
of board vacancies and newly created directorships), and may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware,
as shall be stated in a notice of meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. Such meetings may be called at any
time by two or more members of the board of directors or the chief executive officer and shall be called by the chief executive officer
upon the written request of holders of shares entitled to cast not less than

fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
shares of any series or class of the corporation's capital stock.

Section 2.3Place of Meetings.

The board of directors may designate any place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the
place of meeting for any annual meeting or for any special meeting called by the board of directors. If no designation is made,
or if a special meeting be otherwise called, the place of meeting shall be the principal executive office of the corporation.

Section 2.4Notice.

Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take action at a meeting, written or printed notice stating the
place, date, time, and, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes, of such meeting, shall be given to each stockholder
entitled to vote at such meeting not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting. All such notices shall
be delivered, either personally or by mail, by or at the direction of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the secretary,
and if mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the
stockholder at his, her or its address as the same appears on the records of the corporation. Attendance of a person at a meeting
shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning
of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

Section 2.5Stockholders List.

The officer having charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall make, at least 10 days before
every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting arranged in alphabetical order,
showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall
be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of
at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified
in the notice of the meeting or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be
produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

Section 2.6Quorum.

Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, a majority of the outstanding
shares of the corporation entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. If
less than a majority of the outstanding shares are represented at a meeting, a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting
from time to time in accordance with Section 7 of this Article, until a quorum shall be present or represented.

Section 2.7Adjourned Meetings.

2

When a meeting is adjourned
to another time and place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting
at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the corporation may transact any business which might have been
transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record
date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote
at the meeting.

Section 2.8Vote Required.

When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in person or represented
by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders, unless the question is one upon
which by express provisions of an applicable law or of the Certificate of Incorporation a different vote is required, in which case such
express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Where a separate vote by class is required, the affirmative
vote of the majority of shares of such class present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class.

Section 2.9Voting Rights.

Except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or by the Certificate
of Incorporation of the corporation or any amendments thereto and subject to Section 3 of Article VI hereof, every stockholder shall at
every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of common stock held by such stockholder.

Section 2.10Proxies.

Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action
in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him, her or it by proxy. Every proxy must be
signed by the stockholder granting the proxy or by his, her or its attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon
after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable
if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable
power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock
itself or an interest in the corporation generally.

Section 2.11Action by Written Consent.

Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required to be taken
at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting
of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting
forth the action so taken and bearing the dates of signature of the stockholders who signed the consent or consents, shall be signed by
the holders of outstanding stock having not less than a majority of the shares entitled to vote, or, if greater, not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were
present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, or the corporation's
principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the

3

corporation having custody of
the book or books in which proceedings of meetings of the stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the corporation's registered
office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested provided, however, that no consent or consents delivered
by certified or registered mail shall be deemed delivered until such consent or consents are actually received at the registered office. All
consents properly delivered in accordance with this section shall be deemed to be recorded when so delivered. No written consent
shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty days of the earliest dated consent delivered
to the corporation as required by this section, written consents signed by the holders of a sufficient number of shares to take such corporate
action are so recorded. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written
consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. Any action taken pursuant to such written consent
or consents of the stockholders shall have the same force and effect as if taken by the stockholders at a meeting thereof.

Article
III

DIRECTORS

Section 3.1General Powers.

The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors.

Section 3.2Number, Election and Term of Office.

The number of directors which shall constitute the board as of the effective date of
these bylaws shall be no less than one. Thereafter, the number of directors shall be established from time to time by resolution
of the board. The directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by
proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election of directors. The directors shall be elected in this manner at the
annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 4 of this Article III. Each director elected shall hold office
until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided.

Section 3.3Removal and Resignation.

Any director or the entire board of directors may be removed at any time, with or without cause,
by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Whenever the holders of any class
or series are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, the provisions
of this section shall apply, in respect to the removal without cause or a director or directors so elected, to the vote of the holders
of the outstanding shares of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole. Any director may
resign at any time upon written notice to the corporation.

Section 3.4Vacancies.

Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation or any amendments thereto,
vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the

4

authorized number of directors
may be filled by a majority vote of the holders of the corporation's outstanding stock entitled to vote thereon or by a majority of the
members of the board of directors. Each director so chosen shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified
or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as herein provided.

Section 3.5Annual Meetings.

The annual meeting of each newly elected board of directors shall be held without other notice than this
bylaw immediately after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of stockholders.

Section 3.6Other Meetings and Notice.

Regular meetings, other than the annual meeting, of the board of directors may be held without
notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the board. Special meetings
of the board of directors may be called by or at the request of the chief executive officer or president on at least 24 hours' notice
to each director, either personally, by telephone, by mail, or by telegraph; in like manner and on like notice the chief executive officer
must call a special meeting on the written request of at least a majority of the directors.

Section 3.7Quorum, Required Vote and Adjournment.

A majority of the total number of directors then in office (without regard to any
then vacancies on the board) shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote of a majority of directors
present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the board of directors. If a quorum shall not be present
at any meeting of the board of directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other
than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 

Section 3.8Committees.

The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees,
each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation, which to the extent provided in such resolution or these
bylaws shall have and may exercise the powers of the board of directors in the management and affairs of the corporation except as otherwise
limited by law. The board of directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace
any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names
as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the board of directors. Each committee shall keep regular minutes
of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.

Section 3.9Committee Rules.

Each committee of the board of directors may fix its own rules of procedure and shall hold its meetings
as provided by such rules, except as may otherwise be provided by a resolution of the board of directors designating such committee. Unless
otherwise provided in such a resolution, the presence of at least a majority of the members of the committee shall be necessary to constitute

5

a quorum. In the
event that a member and that member's alternate, if alternates are designated by the board of directors as provided in Section 8 of this
Article III, of such committee is or are absent or disqualified, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified
from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors
to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member.

Section 3.10Communications Equipment.

Members of the board of directors or any committee thereof may participate in and act at any meeting
of such board or committee through the use of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating
in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in the meeting pursuant to this section shall constitute presence in person at the
meeting.

Section 3.11Waiver of Notice and Presumption of Assent.

Any member of the board of directors or any committee thereof who is present
at a meeting shall be conclusively presumed to have waived notice of such meeting except when such member attends for the express purpose
of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Such
member shall be conclusively presumed to have assented to any action taken unless his or her dissent shall be entered in the minutes of
the meeting or unless his or her written dissent to such action shall be filed with the person acting as the secretary of the meeting
before the adjournment thereof or shall be forwarded by registered mail to the secretary of the corporation immediately after the adjournment
of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to any member who voted in favor of such action.

Section 3.12Action by Written Consent.

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all the then members
of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings
of the board or committee.

Article
IV

OFFICERS

Section 4.1Number.

The officers of the corporation shall be elected by the board of directors and may consist of a chairman, a chief
executive officer, a president, one or more vice presidents, a secretary, a treasurer, and such other officers and assistant officers
as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the board of directors. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. In
its discretion, the board of directors may choose not to fill any office for any period as it may deem advisable.

6

Section 4.2Election and Term of Office.

The officers of the corporation shall be elected annually by the board of directors at its
first meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. Vacancies may be
filled or new offices created and filled at any meeting of the board of directors. Each officer shall hold office until a successor
is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided.

Section 4.3Removal.

Any officer or agent elected by the board of directors may be removed by the board of directors whenever in its
judgment the best interests of the corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights,
if any, of the person so removed.

Section 4.4Vacancies.

Any vacancy occurring in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, may
be filled by the board of directors for the unexpired portion of the term by the board of directors then in office.

Section 4.5Compensation.

Compensation of all officers shall be fixed by the board of directors, and no officer shall be prevented from
receiving such compensation by virtue of his or her also being a director of the corporation.

Section 4.6The Chairman of the Board.

The Chairman of the Board, if one shall have been elected, shall be a member of the board, may
be an officer of the corporation, and, if present, shall preside at each meeting of the board of directors or stockholders. He
shall advise the chief executive officer, and in the chief executive officer's absence, other officers of the corporation, and shall perform
such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors.

Section 4.7The Chief Executive Officer.

In the absence of the Chairman of the Board or if a Chairman of the Board shall have not been
elected, the chief executive officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and board of directors at which he or she is present;
subject to the powers of the board of directors, shall have general charge of the business, affairs and property of the corporation, and
control over its officers, agents and employees; and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the board of directors are carried into
effect. The chief executive officer shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the
board of directors or as may be provided in these bylaws.

Section 4.8President; Vice Presidents.

The president shall, in the absence or disability of the chief executive officer, act with all
of the powers and be subject to all of the restrictions of the chief executive officer. The president shall also perform such
other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors, the chief

7

executive officer or these bylaws
may, from time to time, prescribe. The vice president, if any, or if there shall be more than one, the vice presidents in the
order determined by the board of directors shall, in the absence or disability of the president, act with all of the powers and be subject
to all the restrictions of the president. The vice presidents shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers
as the board of directors, the president or these bylaws may, from time to time, prescribe.

Section 4.9The Secretary and Assistant Secretaries.

The secretary shall attend all meetings of the board of directors, all meetings
of the committees thereof and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings in a book or books to be
kept for that purpose. Under the chief executive officer's supervision, the secretary shall give, or cause to be given, all
notices required to be given by these bylaws or by law; shall have such powers and perform such duties as the board of directors, the
chief executive officer or these bylaws may, from time to time, prescribe; and shall have custody of the corporate seal of the corporation. The
secretary, or an assistant secretary, shall have authority to affix the corporate seal to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed,
it may be attested by his or her signature or by the signature of such assistant secretary. The board of directors may give
general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the corporation and to attest the affixing by his or her signature. The
assistant secretary, or if there be more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the board of directors, shall,
in the absence or disability of the secretary, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other
duties and have such other powers as the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or secretary may, from time to time, prescribe.

Section 4.10The Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer.

The treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities; shall
keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation; shall deposit all monies and other
valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors; shall cause the funds of
the corporation to be disbursed when such disbursements have been duly authorized, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements; and
shall render to the chief executive officer and the board of directors, at its regular meeting or when the board of directors so requires,
an account of the corporation; shall have such powers and perform such duties as the board of directors, the chief executive officer or
these bylaws may, from time to time, prescribe. If required by the board of directors, the treasurer shall give the corporation
a bond (which shall be rendered every six years) in such sums and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the board of
directors for the faithful performance of the duties of the office of treasurer and for the restoration to the corporation, in case of
death, resignation, retirement, or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money, and other property of whatever kind in
the possession or under the control of the treasurer belonging to the corporation. The assistant treasurer, or if there shall
be more than one, the assistant treasurers in the order determined by the board of directors, shall in the absence or disability of the
treasurer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the treasurer. The assistant treasurers shall perform such other duties
and have such other powers as the board of directors, the chief executive officer, the president or treasurer may, from time to time,
prescribe.

Section 4.11Other Officers, Assistant Officers and Agents.

8

Officers, assistant officers
and agents, if any, which officers may include officers of any division of the corporation, other than those whose duties are provided
for in these bylaws, shall have such authority and perform such duties as may from time to time be prescribed by resolution of the board
of directors.

Section 4.12Absence or Disability of Officers.

In the case of the absence or disability of any officer of the corporation and of any
person hereby authorized to act in such officer's place during such officer's absence or disability, the board of directors may by resolution
delegate the powers and duties of such officer to any other officer or to any director, or to any other person whom it may select.

Article
V

INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND OTHERS

Section 5.1Nature of Indemnity.

Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a "proceeding"), by reason
of the fact that he or a person of whom he is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer, of the corporation or is or was
serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary, or agent of another corporation or of a partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding
is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent or in any other capacity while serving
as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the corporation to the fullest extent
which it is empowered to do so by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended
(but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the corporation to provide broader indemnification
rights than said law permitted the corporation to provide prior to such amendment) against all expense, liability and loss (including
attorneys' fees actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such proceeding) and such indemnification shall inure
to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 2 hereof, the
corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such
proceeding was authorized by the board of directors of the corporation. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article
V shall be a contract right and, subject to Sections 2 and 5 hereof, shall include the right to be paid by the corporation the expenses
incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition. The corporation may, by action of its board
of directors, provide indemnification to employees and agents of the corporation with the same scope and effect as the foregoing indemnification
of directors and officers.

Section 5.2Procedure for Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

Any indemnification of a director or officer of the corporation
under Section 1 of this Article V or advance of expenses under Section 5 of this Article V shall be made promptly, and in any event within
30 days, upon the written request of the director or officer. If a determination by

9

the corporation that the director
or officer is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article V is required, and the corporation fails to respond within sixty days
to a written request for indemnity, the corporation shall be deemed to have approved the request. If the corporation denies
a written request for indemnification or advancing of expenses, in whole or in part, or if payment in full pursuant to such request is
not made within 30 days, the right to indemnification or advances as granted by this Article V shall be enforceable by the director or
officer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Such person's costs and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing
his or her right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such action shall also be indemnified by the corporation. It
shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding
in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any, has been tendered to the corporation) that the claimant has
not met the standards of conduct which make it permissible under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware for the corporation
to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of such defense shall be on the corporation. Neither the failure
of the corporation (including its board of directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior
to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable
standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, nor an actual determination by the corporation
(including its board of directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard
of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

Section 5.3Nonexclusivity of Article V.

The rights to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding
in advance of its final disposition conferred in this Article V shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or
hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, by-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise.

Section 5.4Insurance.

The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on its own behalf and on behalf of any person who is or was
a director, officer, employee, fiduciary, or agent of the corporation or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted
against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such
person against such liability under this Article V.

Section 5.5Expenses.

Expenses incurred by any person described in Section 1 of this Article V in defending a proceeding shall be paid
by the corporation in advance of such proceeding's final disposition unless otherwise determined by the board of directors in the specific
case upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined
that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. Such expenses incurred by other

10

employees and agents may be
so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the board of directors deems appropriate.

Section 5.6Employees and Agents.

Persons who are not covered by the foregoing provisions of this Article V and who are or were employees
or agents of the corporation, or who are or were serving at the request of the corporation as employees or agents of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, may be indemnified to the extent authorized at any time or from time to time by
the board of directors.

Section 5.7Contract Rights.

The provisions of this Article V shall be deemed to be a contract right between the corporation and each
director or officer who serves in any such capacity at any time while this Article V and the relevant provisions of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware or other applicable law are in effect, and any repeal or modification of this Article V or any such law shall
not affect any rights or obligations then existing with respect to any state of facts or proceeding then existing.

Section 5.8Merger or Consolidation.

For purposes of this Article V, references to "the corporation" shall include, in addition
to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or
merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees
or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving
at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this Article V with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation
as he or she would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.

Article
VI

CERTIFICATES OF STOCK

Section 6.1Form. Every holder of stock in the corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate, signed by, or in the name of the
corporation by any two officers of the corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by such holder in the corporation. If
such a certificate is countersigned (1) by a transfer agent or an assistant transfer agent other than the corporation or its employee
or (2) by a registrar, other than the corporation or its employee, the signature of any such officers may be facsimiles. In
case any officer or officers who have signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used on, any such certificate or certificates
shall cease to be such officer or officers of the corporation whether because of death, resignation or otherwise before such certificate
or certificates have been delivered by the corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be issued and delivered as though
the person or persons who signed such

11

certificate or certificates
or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer or officers of the corporation. All
certificates for shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified. The name of the person to whom the shares
represented thereby are issued, with the number of shares and date of issue, shall be entered on the books of the corporation. Shares
of stock of the corporation shall only be transferred on the books of the corporation by the holder of record thereof or by such holder's
attorney duly authorized in writing, upon surrender to the corporation of the certificate or certificates for such shares endorsed by
the appropriate person or persons, with such evidence of the authenticity of such endorsement, transfer, authorization, and other matters
as the corporation may reasonably require, and accompanied by all necessary stock transfer stamps. In that event, it shall
be the duty of the corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate or certificates,
and record the transaction on its books. The board of directors may appoint a bank or trust company organized under the laws
of the United States or any state thereof to act as its transfer agent or registrar, or both in connection with the transfer of any class
or series of securities of the corporation.

Section 6.2Lost Certificates. The board of directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate
or certificates previously issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit
of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. When authorizing such issue
of a new certificate or certificates, the board of directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof,
require the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, to give the corporation
a bond sufficient to indemnify the corporation against any claim that may be made against the corporation on account of the loss, theft
or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate.

Section 6.3Fixing a Record Date for Stockholder Meetings. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to
notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record
date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which record
date shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the
board of directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be
the close of business on the next day preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on
the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of
or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors
may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

Section 6.4Fixing a Record Date for Action by Written Consent. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled
to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not
precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which date shall not be more
than ten days after the date upon which

12

the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the board of directors. If no record date has been fixed by the board of directors, the record date for
determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the board of directors
is required by statute, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken
is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an
officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery
made to the corporation's registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If
no record date has been fixed by the board of directors and prior action by the board of directors is required by statute, the record
date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business
on the day on which the board of directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

Section 6.5Fixing a Record Date for Other Purposes. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment or any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect
of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purposes of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix a record
date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date
shall be not more than sixty days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders
for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board of directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 6.6Subscriptions for Stock. Unless otherwise provided for in the subscription agreement, subscriptions for shares shall be
paid in full at such time, or in such installments and at such times, as shall be determined by the board of directors. Any
call made by the board of directors for payment on subscriptions shall be uniform as to all shares of the same class or as to all shares
of the same series. In case of default in the payment of any installment or call when such payment is due, the corporation
may proceed to collect the amount due in the same manner as any debt due the corporation.

Article
VII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 7.1Dividends.

Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation,
if any, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid
in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. Before
payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors
from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends,
or for repairing or

13

maintaining any property of
the corporation, or any other purpose and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created.

Section 7.2Checks, Drafts or Orders.

All checks, drafts, or other orders for the payment of money by or to the corporation and all
notes and other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or
agents of the corporation, and in such manner, as shall be determined by resolution of the board of directors or a duly authorized committee
thereof.

Section 7.3Contracts.

The board of directors may authorize any officer or officers, or any agent or agents, of the corporation to enter
into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the corporation, and such authority may be
general or confined to specific instances.

Section 7.4Loans.

The corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee
of the corporation or of its subsidiary, including any officer or employee who is a director of the corporation or its subsidiary, whenever,
in the judgment of the directors, such loan, guaranty or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation. The
loan, guaranty or other assistance may be with or without interest, and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the board of directors
shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the corporation. Nothing in this section contained
shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the corporation at common law or under any statute.

Section 7.5Fiscal Year.

The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors.

Section 7.6Corporate Seal.

The board of directors may provide a corporate seal which shall be in the form of a circle and shall have
inscribed thereon the name of the corporation and the words "Corporate Seal, Delaware". The seal may be used by causing
it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

Section 7.7Voting Securities Owned By Corporation.

Voting securities in any other corporation held by the corporation shall be voted
by the chief executive officer, unless the board of directors specifically confers authority to vote with respect thereto, which authority
may be general or confined to specific instances, upon some other person or officer. Any person authorized to vote securities
shall have the power to appoint proxies, with general power of substitution.

Section 7.8Inspection of Books and Records.

14

Any stockholder of record,
in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the
usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books
and records, and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean any purpose reasonably related to such person's
interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent shall be the person who seeks the right to inspection,
the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing which authorizes the attorney or other agent to
so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the corporation at its registered office in
the State of Delaware or at its principal place of business.

Section 7.9Section Headings.

Section headings in these bylaws are for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive
effect in limiting or otherwise construing any provision herein.

Section 7.10Inconsistent Provisions.

In the event that any provision of these bylaws is or becomes inconsistent with any provision of
the Certificate of Incorporation, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any other applicable law, the provision of these
bylaws shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency but shall otherwise be given full force and effect.

Article
VIII

AMENDMENTS

These bylaws may be amended,
altered, or repealed and new bylaws adopted at any meeting of the board of directors by a majority vote. The fact that the
power to adopt, amend, alter, or repeal the bylaws has been conferred upon the board of directors shall not divest the stockholders of
the same powers.

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dp227806_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS
AGREEMENT, dated as of April 17, 2025 (this Agreement), is entered into by and among Gen Digital Inc., a Delaware
corporation (Parent), and Computershare Inc., a Delaware corporation (Computershare), and its
affiliate, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., a federally chartered trust company (Computershare Trust and, together
with Computershare, the Rights Agent (as defined herein)).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Parent, Maverick
Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub), and MoneyLion Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 10,
2024 (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof, the Merger Agreement),
pursuant to which (a) Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will thereupon
cease and the Company will continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger and as a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (the Merger)
and (b) all of the shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (Company Common Stock)
that are outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will be automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the
right to receive cash in an amount equal to $82.00, without interest thereon, and one (1) CVR issued by Parent subject to and in accordance
with this Agreement and the Merger Agreement;

WHEREAS, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall cause the Merger
to be consummated pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by filing a certificate of merger in customary form
and substance (the Certificate of Merger) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with
the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the time of such filing and acceptance for record by
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or such later time as may be agreed in writing by Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
and specified in the Certificate of Merger, being referred to herein as the Effective Time); and

WHEREAS, as an integral part
of the consideration of the Merger, pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, holders of Company Common
Stock (other than any Owned Company Shares, Frozen Shares and Dissenting Company Shares, but including Frozen Shares for which the applicable
no transfer order is released in accordance with Section 2.7(e) of the Merger Agreement), including holders of Company Share Price PSUs,
Vested Company RSUs, In-the-Money Company Options and holders of Common Stock Warrants who exercise their warrants in accordance with
Section 2.7(d) of the Merger Agreement will become entitled (any such holders, the Initial Holders) to receive a
right to a contingent payment (as set forth in the Merger Agreement), each such payment being contingent upon, and subject to, the achievement
or occurrence of the Milestone (as defined below) prior to the earlier of the Milestone Expiration (as defined below) and the Termination
(as defined below), subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the consummation of the transactions referred to above, the parties agree, for the equal and proportionate benefit
of all Holders (as defined herein), as follows:

Article
I 

DEFINITIONS; CERTAIN RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

Section 1.1Definitions. Terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned
to them in the Merger Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms will have the following meanings:

Acting Holders
means, at the time of determination, Holders of not less than fifty percent (50%) of outstanding CVRs as set forth in the CVR Register.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control
with such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term control (including, with correlative meanings, the
terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with), as used with respect to any
Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of that
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by Contract or otherwise.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Amended and Restated
Omnibus Incentive Plan means the Companys omnibus incentive plan, as amended and restated June 15, 2022.

Assignee
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

Average VWAP
per share of Parent Common Stock over a specified period means the arithmetic average of the VWAPs per share of Parent Common Stock for
each Trading Day in such period. The VWAP per share of Parent Common Stock over a span of multiple days shall be appropriately adjusted
to account for any (i) dividend (other than any regular quarterly dividend not to exceed $0.125 per quarter) or distribution of shares
of Parent Common Stock on shares of Parent Common Stock, (ii) subdivision or reclassification of outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock
into a greater number of shares or (iii) combination or reclassification of outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares.

Business Day
means any day other than Saturday or Sunday or a day on which commercial banks are authorized or required by Law to be closed in New York,
New York.

Certificate of Merger
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Change of Control
means (a) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Parent on a consolidated basis (other than to any Subsidiary
(direct or indirect) of Parent), or (b) a merger or consolidation involving Parent in which the stockholders of Parent immediately prior
to such transaction own less than 50% of Parents (or the applicable acquiring, resulting or surviving entitys) voting power
immediately after the transaction.

2

Closing
means the closing at which the consummation of the Merger will take place.

Closing Date
means the date on which the Closing occurs.

Closing Parent
Common Stock Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).

Company
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Company Common Stock
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Company Disclosure
Letter means the disclosure letter delivered by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub on the date of the Merger Agreement.

Company RSUs
means awards of restricted stock units covering shares of Company Common Stock, whether granted pursuant to any of the Company Stock Plans
or otherwise.

Company Share Price
PSUs means awards of performance restricted stock units covering shares of Company Common Stock that vest based on the achievement
of specified share price performance conditions and service-based vesting conditions, whether granted pursuant to any of the Company Stock
Plans or otherwise.

Company Stock Plan
means the Companys Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, and each other Employee Plan that
provides for or has provided for the award of rights of any kind to receive shares of Company Common Stock or benefits measured in whole
or in part by reference to shares of Company Common Stock.

Common Stock Warrants means,
collectively, the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants.

CVRs
means the rights of Holders hereunder (initially granted to Initial Holders as part of the consideration of the Merger pursuant to the
terms of the Merger Agreement) to receive contingent payments in the form of Parent Common Stock on the terms and subject to the conditions
of this Agreement and the Merger Agreement.

CVR Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).

Dissenting Company
Shares means each share of Company Common Stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other
than the Owned Company Shares) and that is held by a holder of such Company Common Stock who has not voted in favor of the adoption of
the Merger Agreement or consented thereto in writing and who has (or for which the beneficial owner (as defined, for purposes
of this Section 2.7, in Section 262(a) of the DGCL) has) properly exercised appraisal rights with respect thereto in accordance with,
and who has (or, to the extent applicable, for which the applicable beneficial owner has) complied with, Section 262 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware with respect to any such Company Common Stock held by any such holder or beneficial owner.

DTC means
the Depository Trust Company or any successor thereto.

3

Effective Time
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Employee Plan
means any (a) employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974),
whether or not such plan is subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 or (b) other compensatory, health or welfare,
or other benefit plan, program, policy, contract, arrangement or agreement, in each case, that is sponsored, maintained, contributed to
(or required to be contributed to) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including for the benefit of any current or former employee,
officer, director or other individual service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise under or with respect to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any current or potential liability or obligation.

Final Determination
means with respect to (a) U.S. federal income Taxes, a determination as defined in Section 1313(a) of the Code or execution
of an Internal Revenue Service Form 870-AD and (b) Taxes other than U.S. federal income Taxes, any final determination of liability in
respect of a Tax that, under applicable Law, is not subject to further appeal, review or modification through proceedings or otherwise
(including the expiration of a statute of limitations or a period for the filing of claims for refunds, amended returns or appeals from
adverse determinations).

Frozen Shares
means each share of Company Common Stock with respect to which a no transfer order has been placed with the Companys transfer agent
as of the date hereof that remains in place immediately prior to the Effective Time.

Governmental Authority
means any government, political subdivision, governmental, administrative, self-regulatory (including applicable stock exchanges) or regulatory
entity or body, department, commission, board, agency or instrumentality, or other legislative, executive or judicial governmental entity,
and any court, tribunal, judicial or arbitral body (public or private), in each case whether federal, national, state, county, municipal,
provincial, local, foreign or multinational.

Holder
means a Person in whose name a CVR is registered on the CVR Register as of the applicable date and time of determination.

In-the-Money Company
Option means any option award to purchase shares of Company Common Stock, whether granted pursuant to any of the Company Stock
Plans or otherwise (whether vested or unvested), with an exercise price per share that is less than the closing price, rounded down to
the nearest whole cent, of a share of Company Common Stock on the last trading day prior to the Closing Date, as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (or, if not reported therein, then in another authoritative source selected by Parent, subject to the Companys approval, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

Initial Holder
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Law means
any federal, national, state, county, municipal, provincial, local, foreign or multinational statute, constitution, common law, ordinance,
code, act, writ, injunction, decree, order, judgment, rule, regulation, ruling, award or requirement issued, enacted, adopted,

4

promulgated, implemented or
otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority.

Measurement Start
Date means the date of the Merger Agreement.

Merger
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Merger Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Merger Sub
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Milestone
means the earlier of (a) the first date that the Average VWAP of Parent Common Stock for any thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days beginning
on the Measurement Start Date is equal to or greater than the Target Price and (b) immediately prior to the occurrence of a Change of
Control; provided that if the Milestone is satisfied following the Measurement Start Date and prior to the date of this Agreement,
then for all purposes hereof the Milestone will be deemed to have been satisfied on the date of this Agreement.

Milestone Expiration
means 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on April 17, 2027.

Milestone Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).

Milestone Payment
means, if (a) the Milestone is achieved or occurs prior to both (i) the Milestone Expiration and (ii) the Termination, $23.00 in Parent
Common Stock, without interest, per CVR, in the manner set forth in Section 2.3, and (b) if the Milestone is achieved or occurs
at or after either (i) the Milestone Expiration or (ii) the Termination, $0 per CVR.

Milestone Payment
Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).

Milestone Payment
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).

Nasdaq
means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

Officers
Certificate means a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Parent, in his or her capacity as such an officer, and
delivered to the Rights Agent.

Owned Company Shares
means each share of Company Common Stock that is (a) held by the Company as treasury stock or (b) owned by Parent, in each case, as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time that will automatically be cancelled and extinguished without any conversion thereof or consideration
paid therefor.

Parent
has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

Parent Common Stock
means the shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent.

Person
means any individual, corporation (including any non-profit corporation), limited liability company, joint stock company, general partnership,
limited partnership, limited liability

5

partnership, joint venture,
estate, trust, firm, Governmental Authority or other enterprise, association, organization or entity.

Private Placement
Warrant means, prior to the Effective Time, a warrant to purchase shares of Company Common Stock issued pursuant to the Private
Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement (as described in the Warrant Agreement).

Public Warrant
means, prior to the Effective Time, a warrant to purchase shares of Company Common Stock issued under the Warrant Agreement (other than
a Private Placement Warrant).

Registration Statement
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.

Rights Agent
means the Rights Agent named in the preamble of this Agreement, until a successor Rights Agent, if any, is appointed pursuant to the
applicable provisions of this Agreement, and thereafter Rights Agent will mean such successor Rights Agent.

Rights Shares
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(a).

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person (other than a natural Person) of which securities or other ownership interests (i)
having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions or (ii) representing
more than 50% such securities or ownership interests, in each case, are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such first Person.

Target Price
means $37.50.

Termination
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.8.

Trading Day
means a day on which trading in Parent Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) generally occurs
on the principal U.S. national securities exchange on which Parent Common Stock (or such other security) is then listed or, if Parent
Common Stock is (or such other security is) not then listed on a U.S. national securities exchange, on the principal other market on which
Parent Common Stock is (or such other security is) then traded; provided that, if Parent Common Stock is (or such other security
is) not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day.

Transactions
means the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Vested Company RSUs
means a Company RSU that is unexpired, unexercised, outstanding and vested as of immediately prior to the Effective Time or that vests
in accordance with its terms as in effect as of the date hereof or as otherwise permitted by the Merger Agreement or the Company Disclosure
Letter, in each case as a result of the consummation of the Transactions.

VWAP
per share of Parent Common Stock on any Trading Day means the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg
VWAP on

6

Bloomberg page GEN US
AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open
of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session, on such Trading Day; or, if such price is not available,
VWAP means the market value per share of Parent Common Stock on such Trading Day as determined, using a volume-weighted
average method by an investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing (not affiliated with Parent) retained by Parent for such
purpose. VWAP shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading
session trading hours.

Warrant Agreement
means the Warrant Agreement, dated June 25, 2020, by and between the Company (formerly Fusion Acquisition Corp.) and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company.

Section 1.2Rules of Construction. When reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section or
Exhibit, such reference will refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The word extent
in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean
simply if. All references to dollars or $ shall refer to the lawful currency of the United States.
Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they will be deemed
to be followed by the words without limitation. The words hereof, herein, hereby,
hereto and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement will refer to this Agreement
as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The word or will not be exclusive. The word will
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Whenever used in this Agreement, any noun or pronoun
will be deemed to include the plural as well as the singular and to cover all genders. Any reference to any Person shall be construed
to include such Persons successors and assigns. The words ordinary course of business shall mean the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice. This Agreement will be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction
or interpretation against the party drafting or causing any instrument to be drafted. The parties hereto have participated jointly in
the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement
shall be construed as jointly drafted by the parties hereto and no presumption of burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring
any party by virtue of the authorship of this Agreement.

Article
II 

CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS

Section 2.1CVRs. Each CVR represents the contractual right of a Holder (granted to each Initial Holder
as part of the consideration of the Merger pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement) to receive the Milestone Payment pursuant to,
and subject to the terms and conditions of, this Agreement. 

Section 2.2No Certificate; Registration; Registration of Transfer; Change of Address. 

(a)The CVRs will not be evidenced by a certificate or other instrument.

7

(b)Subject to the receipt by the Rights Agent of the information and instructions described in Section 4.1, the Rights Agent
will create and maintain a register (the CVR Register) for the registration of the initial issuance and the registration
of the transfer of the CVRs. Upon the initial issuance of the CVRs, the Rights Agent shall issue and register the CVRs in the names of
the respective Holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with written instructions delivered to the Rights Agent
by Parent. The CVR Register shall set forth the applicable number of CVRs to which each such Holder
is entitled pursuant to the Merger Agreement in (x) the name of Cede & Co. (as nominee of DTC) with respect to holders of Company
Common Stock and holders of Common Stock Warrants that held such shares or warrants in book-entry form through DTC immediately prior to
the Effective Time, and (y) the name of each Initial Holder with respect to holders of (A) shares of Company Common Stock and holders
of Common Stock Warrants who held such shares or warrants in book-entry form through the Companys transfer agent immediately prior
to Effective Time, or (B) Company Share Price PSUs, Vested Company RSUs or In-the-Money Company Options (other than, in the
case of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y)(A), those holders of Company Common Stock who have perfected their appraisal rights in accordance
with Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware). The CVR Register will be updated as necessary by the Rights
Agent to reflect the addition and removal of Holders upon the written receipt of such information by the Rights Agent in accordance with
this Agreement.

(c)Every request made to transfer a CVR must be in writing and accompanied by a written instrument of transfer and other documentation
in form reasonably satisfactory to the Rights Agent pursuant to its guidelines, including but not limited to a guaranty of signature by
an eligible guarantor institution that is a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (a
Signature Guarantee), duly executed by the Holder thereof, the Holders attorney duly authorized in writing,
the Holders personal representative duly authorized in writing, or the Holders survivor (with written documentation evidencing
such persons status as the Holders survivor), and setting forth in reasonable detail the circumstances relating to the requested
transfer. Upon receipt of such written notice, the Rights Agent will, subject to its reasonable determination that the transfer instrument
is in proper form and the transfer otherwise complies with the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, register the transfer of
the CVRs in the CVR Register. As a condition of such transfer, Parent and the Rights Agent may require a transferring Holder or its transferee
to pay to the applicable Governmental Body any transfer, stamp or other similar Tax or governmental charge that is imposed in connection
with any such registration of transfer. The Rights Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any action under any section of this
Agreement that requires the payment by a Holder of a CVR of such applicable Taxes or charges unless and until the Rights Agent is reasonably
satisfied that all such Taxes or charges have been paid or that such Taxes or charges are not applicable. All CVRs duly transferred in
accordance with this Agreement that are registered in the CVR Register will be the valid obligations of Parent and will entitle the transferee
to the same benefits and rights under this Agreement as those held immediately prior to the transfer by the transferor. No transfer of
a CVR will be valid until registered in the CVR Register in accordance with this Agreement. In addition to and not in limitation
of any other indemnity obligation herein, Parent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Rights Agent with respect to any liability,
penalty, cost or expense the Rights

8

Agent may incur or
be subject to in connection with transferring such property to Parent or any Governmental Authority.

(d)A Holder may make a written request to the Rights Agent to change such Holders address of record in the CVR Register. The
written request must be duly executed by the Holder. Upon receipt of such written notice, the Rights Agent will promptly record the change
of address in the CVR Register.

Section 2.3Payment Procedures; Notices.

(a)If the Milestone is achieved or occurs prior to the earlier of (i) the Milestone Expiration and (ii) the Termination, then Parent
shall deliver to the Rights Agent (x) on or prior to the date that is ten (10) Business Days following the achievement or occurrence
of the Milestone, a written notice indicating that the Milestone has been achieved or occurred (the Milestone Notice)
and an Officers Certificate certifying the date of such achievement or occurrence and that the Holders are entitled to receive
the Milestone Payment, and (y) on or prior to the date that is ten (10) Business Days following the achievement or occurrence of the
Milestone (such date of delivery, the Milestone Payment Date), for each Holder of CVRs on the CVR Register, the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock (the Rights Shares) equal to (I) the product of (a) the Milestone Payment
and (b) the number of CVRs held by such Holder as reflected on the CVR Register as of the close of business on the Business Day immediately
prior to the date of the Milestone Notice divided by (II) $30.48 (the Closing Parent Common Stock Price)
(the Milestone Payment Amount). The Milestone Payment shall only be due once, subject to the conditions set forth
herein, if at all. No fractional Rights Shares will be issued hereunder. In lieu of any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable,
Parent shall round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued to such Holder after aggregating
all shares of Parent Common Stock to which such Holder would otherwise be entitled.

(b) The Rights Agent will promptly, and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of the Milestone Notice, send each
Holder at its registered address a copy of the Milestone Notice. As soon as commercially practicable after the Milestone Payment Date,
the Rights Agent shall deliver to each Holder of CVRs on the CVR Register, via a book-entry position, the number of Rights Shares due
to such Holder as payment in full of the Milestone Payment Amount.

(c)Each Holder shall be solely responsible for paying all Taxes imposed with respect to the delivery of the CVRs and any Milestone
Payment Amount. Parent will not be responsible for paying any such Taxes. Each Holder agrees that the Rights Agent shall be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the Milestone Payment Amount or any other amounts otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as
are required to be deducted and withheld therefrom under applicable Law. Prior to paying the Milestone Payment Amount to the Holders,
the Rights Agent shall provide the opportunity for each Holder to provide IRS Forms W-9 or W-8, as applicable, or any other reasonably
appropriate forms or information (including proof of payment of taxes) requested by the Rights Agent in order to avoid or reduce any applicable
withholding amount. The Rights

9

Agent shall promptly
and timely remit, or cause to be remitted, any amounts withheld in respect of Taxes to the appropriate Governmental Authority. To the
extent any amounts are so deducted and withheld and properly remitted, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement
as having been paid to the Holder in respect of whom such deduction and withholding was made.

(d)None of Parent, any of its Affiliates or the Rights Agent will be liable to any person in respect of the Milestone Payment Amount
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. If, despite efforts by the Rights
Agent to deliver the Milestone Payment Amount to the applicable Holder, the Milestone Payment Amount has not been delivered prior to the
two (2) year anniversary of the Milestone Payment Date (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which the Milestone Payment Amount
would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Authority), the Milestone Payment Amount will, to the extent permitted
by applicable Law, become the property of Parent, free and clear of all claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto.

(e)The Rights Agent shall be responsible for information reporting required under applicable Law with respect to the CVRs, including
reporting the Milestone Payment hereunder to the extent required under applicable Law. Parent shall provide the Rights Agent with the
Milestone Payment amount and will use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Rights Agent to provide any other information reasonably
necessary for the Rights Agent to carry out its obligations in this Section 2.3(e).

Section 2.4No Voting, Dividends or Interest; No Equity or Ownership Interest in Parent or any of its Affiliates.

(a)The CVRs will not have any voting or dividend rights, and interest will not accrue on any amounts payable on the CVRs to any Holder.

(b)The CVRs will not represent any equity or ownership interest in Parent, any constituent corporation party to the Merger Agreement
or any of their respective Affiliates or Subsidiaries.

(c)Neither Parent nor its directors and officers will be deemed to have any fiduciary or similar duties to any Holder by virtue of
this Agreement or the CVRs.

Section 2.5Ability to Abandon CVR. A Holder may at any time, at such Holders option, abandon all
of such Holders remaining rights in a CVR by transferring such CVR to Parent without consideration therefor, which a Holder may
effect via delivery of a written abandonment notice to Parent and the Rights Agent. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries from offering to acquire or acquiring any CVRs for consideration from the Holders, in private transactions or
otherwise, in its or their sole discretion. Parent shall promptly notify the Rights Agent of any CVRs acquired by Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries, and each such acquired CVRs acquired by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries shall be automatically deemed extinguished and
no longer outstanding nor entitled to the Milestone Payment for purposes of this Agreement.

10

Section 2.6Tax Treatment. The parties hereto agree to treat the CVRs for all U.S. federal and applicable
state and local Tax purposes as (a) additional consideration for or in respect of the Company Common Stock or warrants issued pursuant
to the Warrant Agreement, in each case, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and (b) a closed transaction in which the fair
market value of the CVRs as of the Closing, as determined by a third party valuation firm to be selected and retained by Parent and the
Company in good faith prior to the Closing, is included in income in the taxable year of the Closing and, in each case, none of the parties
hereto will take any position to the contrary on any Tax Return, any other filing with a Governmental Authority related to Taxes or for
other Tax purposes except as otherwise required by a Final Determination. Parent and/or Rights Agent, as applicable, shall
report imputed interest on the CVRs pursuant to Section 483 of the Code, to the extent required by applicable Law.

Article
III 

THE RIGHTS AGENT

Section 3.1Certain Duties and Responsibilities. Parent hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as rights
agent for Parent in accordance with the express terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts
such appointment. The Rights Agent will not have any liability for any actions taken, suffered or omitted to be taken in connection with
this Agreement, except to the extent such liability arises as a result of its willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence (in each
case as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of court of competent jurisdiction). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, the Rights Agents aggregate liability during any term of this Agreement with respect to, arising from, or arising
in connection with this Agreement, or from all services provided or omitted to be provided under this Agreement, whether in contract,
or in tort, or otherwise, will be limited to twice the amount of fees paid (but not including reimbursable expenses) in the twelve (12)
months preceding the event for which recovery is sought in connection with this Agreement. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, in
no event will the Rights Agent be liable for special, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damages of any kind whatsoever
(including, without limitation, lost profits), even if the Rights Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damages, and
regardless of the form of action. 

Section 3.2The Rights Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility in the case of the receipt of any written
demand from any Holder with respect to any action or default by any person or entity, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, any duty or responsibility to initiate or attempt to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise or to make any demand upon
Parent or the Company; provided that this Section 3.2 shall not affect the Rights Agents obligation to (i) make payments
in accordance with and subject to Section 2.3 or (ii) first receive the requisite consent of the Holders before executing any amendment
to this Agreement that would require the consent of the Holders pursuant to Section 5.2(a).

Section 3.3Certain Rights of the Rights Agent. 

(a)The Rights Agent undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and no
implied covenants or obligations will be read into this Agreement against the Rights Agent. In addition:

11

(i)the Rights Agent may rely and will be protected and held harmless by Parent in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution,
certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order or other paper or document believed by
it in the absence of bad faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

(ii)whenever the Rights Agent will deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting
any action hereunder, the Rights Agent may rely upon an Officers Certificate, which certificate shall be full authorization and
protection to the Rights Agent, and the Rights Agent shall, in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct (each
as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) on its part, incur no liability and be held harmless
by Parent for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance
upon such certificate;

(iii)the Rights Agent may engage and consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any opinion of counsel
will be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent and the Rights Agent shall be held harmless by Parent in respect
of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in the absence of bad faith and in reliance thereon;

(iv)the permissive rights of the Rights Agent to do things enumerated in this Agreement will not be construed as a duty;

(v)the Rights Agent will not be required to give any note or surety in respect of the execution of such powers or otherwise in respect
of the premises;

(vi)the Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of, and shall be held harmless by Parent with respect to, any of the statements
of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or be required to verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall
be deemed to have been made by Parent only;

(vii)the Rights Agent will have no liability and shall be held harmless by Parent in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the
execution and delivery hereof (except the due execution and delivery hereof by the Rights Agent and the enforceability of this Agreement
against the Rights Agent assuming the due execution and delivery hereof by Parent); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by Parent
of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement;

(viii)Parent agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and hold the Rights Agent harmless against, any loss, liability, damage, judgment,
fine, penalty, claim, demands, suits or expense arising out of or in connection with the Rights Agents performance of its duties
under this Agreement, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of defending the Rights Agent against any
claims, charges, demands, suits or loss arising out of or in connection with the execution, acceptance, administration, exercise and performance
of its

12

duties under this Agreement,
including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of defending against any claim of liability arising therefrom,
directly or indirectly, or enforcing its rights hereunder, unless such loss has been determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of
a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the Rights Agents willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence;

(ix)Parent agrees (i) to pay the fees and expenses of the Rights Agent in connection with this Agreement, as agreed upon in writing
in a fee schedule by the Rights Agent and Parent on or prior to the date hereof, which shall include reimbursement from Parent, for all
reasonable, documented and necessary out-of-pocket expenses and disbursements paid or incurred in the preparation, delivery, negotiation,
amendment, administration and execution of this Agreement and the exercise and performance by the Rights Agent of its duties hereunder
and (ii) to reimburse the Rights Agent for all Taxes and governmental charges (other than Taxes imposed on or measured by the Rights Agents
net income and franchise or similar Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income Taxes));

(x)no provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial
liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its rights if it reasonably believes that repayment
of such funds or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it;

(xi)in the event the Rights Agent reasonably believes any ambiguity or uncertainty exists hereunder or in any notice, instruction,
direction, request or other communication, paper or document received by the Rights Agent hereunder, the Rights Agent shall, as soon as
practicable, provide written notice to Parent describing in detail the ambiguity or uncertainty it believes exists, and the Rights Agent
shall seek clarification. Parent will respond to such request for clarification as promptly as reasonably practicable, and in any event
within ten (10) Business Days. If such clarification is not provided within ten (10) Business Days, the Rights Agent may, in its sole
discretion, refrain from taking any action, and shall be fully protected and shall not be liable in any way to Parent or any Holder or
any other Person for refraining from taking such action, unless and until the Rights Agent receives written instructions from Parent that
reasonably eliminate such ambiguity or uncertainty;

(xii)the Rights Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any event of which it was entitled to receive notice pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement, and the Rights Agent shall be fully protected and shall incur no liability for failing to take action in connection
with such event, in each case, unless and until such notice has been given in accordance with Section 6.1;

(xiii)the Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either
itself or, by or through its attorney or agents and the Rights Agent shall not be answerable or

13

accountable for any
act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorney or agents or for any loss to Parent resulting from any such act, default, neglect
or misconduct, absent willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence (each as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction) in the selection and continued employment thereof;

(xiv)the Rights Agent shall neither be responsible for, nor chargeable with, knowledge of, nor have any requirements to comply with,
the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, nor shall the Rights Agent be required to determine if any Person has complied with
the Merger Agreement, nor shall any additional obligations of the Rights Agent be inferred from the terms of the Merger Agreement even
though reference thereto may be made in this Agreement;

(xv)the Rights Agent shall act hereunder solely as agent for Parent and shall not assume any obligations or relationship of agency
or trust with any of the owners or holders of the CVRs;

(xvi)the recitals or statements of fact contained herein shall be taken as statements of Parent (other than the Rights Agents
representations, warranties and statements under this Agreement), and the Rights Agent assumes no responsibility for their correctness
nor shall it be required to verify the same (other than the Rights Agents representations, warranties and statements under this
Agreement). The Rights Agent shall be under no responsibility for the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement with respect to any other
party hereto or the execution and delivery hereof (except the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the validity
or execution of the CVRs, nor shall it be responsible for any breach by Parent of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement
or any CVR;

(xvii)the Rights Agent may rely on and be fully authorized and protected in acting or failing to act upon (i) any guaranty of signature
by an eligible guarantor institution that is a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program
or other comparable signature guarantee program or insurance program in addition to, or in substitution for, the foregoing;
or (ii) any law, act, regulation or any interpretation of the same even though such law, act, or regulation may thereafter have been altered,
changed, amended or repealed; and

(xviii)unless otherwise specifically prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, the Rights Agent and any stockholder, affiliate, member,
director, officer, agent, representative or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the securities of Parent or become
pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which Parent may be interested, or contract with or lend money to Parent or otherwise act
as fully and freely as though it were not the Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent or any
such stockholder, affiliate, director, member, officer, agent, representative or employee from acting in any other capacity for Parent
or for any other Person.

14

(b)The obligations of Parent and the rights of the Rights Agent under this Section 3.3, Section 3.1 and Section 3.2
shall survive the Milestone Expiration, the Termination and the resignation, replacement or removal of the Rights Agent.

Section 3.4Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor.

(a)The Rights Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to Parent specifying a date when such resignation will
take effect, which notice will be sent at least thirty (30) days prior to the date so specified and such resignation will become effective
on the date so specified. Parent has the right to remove Rights Agent at any time by specifying a date when such removal will take effect
and such removal will become effective on the date so specified. Notice of such removal will be given by Parent to Rights Agent, which
notice will be sent at least thirty (30) days prior to the date so specified.

(b)If the Rights Agent provides notice of its intent to resign, is removed pursuant to Section 3.4(a) or becomes incapable
of acting, Parent will as soon as is reasonably possible, appoint a qualified successor Rights Agent who, unless otherwise consented to
in writing by the Acting Holders, shall be a stock transfer agent of national reputation or the corporate trust department of a commercial
bank. The successor Rights Agent so appointed will, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment in accordance with Section 3.5,
become the successor Rights Agent.

(c)Parent will give notice of each resignation and each removal of a Rights Agent and each appointment of a successor Rights Agent
by mailing (or causing the Rights Agent to mail) written notice of such event by first-class mail to the Holders as their names and addresses
appear in the CVR Register. Each notice will include the name and address of the successor Rights Agent. If Parent fails to send such
notice within ten (10) Business Days after acceptance of appointment by a successor Rights Agent in accordance with Section 3.5,
the successor Rights Agent will cause the notice to be mailed at the expense of Parent; provided that failure to give any notice
provided for in this Section 3.4(c), shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights Agent
or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be, in each case, in accordance with this Section 3.4.

(d)The Rights Agent will reasonably cooperate with Parent and any successor Rights Agent as reasonably requested in connection with
the transition of the duties and responsibilities of the Rights Agent to the successor Rights Agent, including transferring the CVR Register
to the successor Rights Agent, but such predecessor Rights Agent shall not be required to make any additional expenditure without compensation
or reimbursement by Parent or assume any additional liability in connection with the foregoing.

Section 3.5Acceptance of Appointment by Successor. Every successor Rights Agent appointed pursuant to
Section 3.4(b) hereunder will execute, acknowledge and deliver to Parent and to the retiring Rights Agent an instrument accepting such
appointment and a counterpart of this Agreement, and thereupon such successor Rights Agent, without any further act, deed or conveyance,
will become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Rights 

15

Agent and all references to
the Rights Agent or Computershare herein shall be deemed to refer to such successor Rights Agent. On request
of Parent or the successor Rights Agent, the retiring Rights Agent will execute and deliver an instrument transferring to the successor
Rights Agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Rights Agent, except such rights that survive its resignation or removal
under the terms hereunder.

Article
IV 

COVENANTS

Section 4.1List of Holders. Parent will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Rights Agent in such
form as Parent receives from the Companys transfer agent (or other agent performing similar services for the Company with respect
to the shares of Company Common Stock, Common Stock Warrants, Company Share Price PSUs, Vested Company
RSUs and In-the-Money Company Options), the names and addresses of the Initial Holders of CVRs within thirty (30) Business Days
after the Effective Time.

Section 4.2Payment of Milestone Payment Amount. If the Milestone has been achieved or occurs prior to
the earlier of (x) the Milestone Expiration and (y) the Termination, Parent shall, (i) on or prior to the date that is ten (10) Business
Days following the achievement or occurrence of the Milestone, deliver the Milestone Payment Amount to the Rights Agent and (ii) no later
than two (2) Trading Days after the Milestone Payment Date, cause the Rights Agent to deliver to each Holder of CVRs on the CVR Register,
via a book-entry position, the number of Rights Shares due to such Holder, in each case, in accordance with Section 2.3. If the
Milestone has not been achieved or has not occurred prior to (a) the Milestone Expiration or (b) the Termination, then Parent will not
be required to make any payment pursuant to this Agreement in respect of the Milestone.

Section 4.3Reservation of Stock. Parent covenants that it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Parent Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Rights Shares. Parent further covenants that all
shares that may be issued pursuant to the CVRs will be free from all taxes, liens and charges in respect of the issue thereof. 

Section 4.4Registration of CVRs. The CVRs and the Rights Shares have been registered under the Securities
Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-284654) (the Registration Statement) declared effective
under the Securities Act.

Section 4.5Listing of CVRs. Parent shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
a listing for trading on the Nasdaq for so long as any CVRs remain outstanding, to the extent the CVRs meet all of the exchanges
listing requirements.

Section 4.6Additional Covenants. If the Milestone has not yet been achieved or has not occurred, in the
event of any cash dividend on shares of Parent Common Stock (in excess of $0.125 per share of Parent Common Stock) per quarter paid after
the date of the Merger Agreement or any change in the outstanding shares of capital stock or the capital structure of Parent by reason
of any stock dividend, stock split or reverse stock split, exchange of shares, recapitalization or reclassification of its capital stock,
or any similar change affecting Parents outstanding shares of capital stock or capital structure, or any merger, consolidation
or other business combination involving Parent, in each case occurring after the date of the Merger Agreement, Parent and the 

16

Company shall make appropriate
and equitable adjustments to, without duplication, the Target Price, the Closing Parent Common Stock Price, Parent Common Stock and the
number of Rights Shares applicable to the Milestone and the Milestone Payment, as needed so that the economic interests of the Holders
are not impacted by such event. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment pursuant to this paragraph, Parent covenants to,
at its expense, promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance with the terms hereof and (i) furnish to the Rights Agent
a certificate setting forth any adjustments made and (ii) cause the Rights Agent to furnish to each Holder of a CVR a notice setting forth
in reasonable detail the event requiring the adjustment and the amount of such adjustment. The Rights Agent shall have no obligation under
any section of this Agreement to determine whether such an adjustment event has occurred or to calculate any of the adjustments set forth
herein.

Article
V 

AMENDMENTS

Section 5.1Amendments without Consent of Holders.

(a)Parent and the Rights Agent, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more amendments hereto, without the consent
of any Holders, for any of the following purposes:

(i)to evidence the succession of another Person to Parent and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of Parent herein
as provided in Section 6.3;

(ii)to add to the covenants of Parent such further covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions as Parent will consider to be
for the protection of the Holders; provided that, in each case, such provisions do not adversely affect the interests of the Holders;

(iii)to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision
herein, or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement; provided that, in each
case, such provisions do not adversely affect the interests of the Holders;

(iv)to evidence the succession of another Person as a successor Rights Agent and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants
and obligations of the Rights Agent herein in accordance with Section 3.4 and Section 3.5;

(v)any other amendments hereto for the purpose of adding, eliminating or changing any provisions of this Agreement, unless such addition,
elimination or change is adverse to the interests of the Holders; or

(vi)if required, to reduce the number of CVRs in the event any Holder agrees to renounce such Holders rights under this Agreement
in accordance with Section 6.4.

17

(b)Promptly after the execution by Parent and the Rights Agent of any amendment pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5.1,
Parent will mail (or cause the Rights Agent to mail) a notice thereof by first class mail to the Holders at their addresses as they appear
on the CVR Register, setting forth the terms of such amendment.

Section 5.2Amendments with Consent of Holders.

(a)Subject to Section 5.1 (which amendments pursuant to Section 5.1 may be made without the consent of the Holders),
with the consent of the Acting Holders, whether evidenced in writing or taken at a meeting of the Holders, Parent and the Rights Agent
may enter into one or more amendments hereto for the purpose of adding, eliminating or changing any provisions of this Agreement, even
if such addition, elimination or change is materially adverse to the interest of the Holders; provided that no such amendment shall,
without the consent of the Holder of each outstanding CVR affected thereby:

(i)modify in a manner adverse to the Holders (A) any provision contained herein with respect to the termination of this Agreement
or the CVRs or (B) the time for payment and amount of the Milestone Payment, or otherwise extend the time for payment of the CVRs or reduce
the amounts payable in respect of the CVRs or modify any other payment term or payment date;

(ii)reduce the number of CVRs, the consent of whose Holders is required for any such amendment; or

(iii)modify any of the provisions of this Section 5.2, except to increase the percentage of Holders from whom consent or approval
is required or to provide that certain other provisions of this Agreement cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder
of each CVR affected thereby.

(b)Promptly after the execution by Parent and the Rights Agent of any amendment pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5.2,
Parent will mail (or cause the Rights Agent to mail) a notice thereof by first class mail to the Holders at their addresses as they appear
on the CVR Register, setting forth such amendment.

Section 5.3Execution of Amendments. As a condition precedent to executing any amendment permitted by
this Article V, the Rights Agent will be entitled to receive, and will be fully protected in relying upon, an opinion of counsel
selected by Parent (which may include internal counsel) stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Rights Agent may, but is not obligated to, enter into any such amendment
that materially and adversely affects the Rights Agents own rights, privileges, covenants or duties under this Agreement or otherwise.
No supplement or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless duly executed by the Rights Agent and Parent.

Section 5.4Effect of Amendments. Upon the execution of any amendment under this Article V, this
Agreement will be modified in accordance therewith, such amendment will form a part of this Agreement for all purposes and every Holder
will be bound thereby. 

18

Article
VI 

OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

Section 6.1Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given when delivered in person, when sent by electronic mail, overnight courier, or registered or certified mail (postage
prepaid, return receipt requested), as follows:

If to the Rights Agent, to it at:

Computershare Inc.

Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 

150 Royall Street

Canton, MA 02021 

Attention: 

Legal Department

Email: 

CADTCWTSCONV@COMPUTERSHARE.COM

If to Parent, to it at:

Gen Digital Inc. 

60 E. Rio Salado Parkway

Suite 1000 

Tempe, Arizona 85281

Attn:

General Counsel 

Email: 

legal.department@gendigital.com

and

Kirkland & Ellis LLP

601 Lexington Avenue 

New York, New York 10022

Attention: 

Edward J. Lee, P.C. 

Sophia Hudson, P.C.

Email: 

edward.lee@kirkland.com; 

sophia.hudson@kirkland.com

Any party may specify a different
address by giving notice in accordance with this Section 6.1.

Section 6.2Notice to Holders. Where this Agreement provides for notice to Holders, such notice will be
sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Holder
affected by such event, at the Holders address as it appears in the CVR Register (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with DTC
procedures), not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed for the giving of such notice.
In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed,
to any particular Holder will affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders.

19

Section 6.3Successors and Assigns. 

(a)Parent may assign any or all of its rights, interests and obligations hereunder in its sole discretion and without the consent
of any other party, (a) to any controlled Affiliate of Parent, but only for so long as it remains a controlled Affiliate of Parent that
is a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (b) otherwise with the prior written consent of the Acting Holders, to any
other Person (any permitted assignee under clause (a) or (b), an Assignee), in each case provided that the Assignee
agrees to assume and be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement. Any Assignee may thereafter assign any or all of its rights, interests
and obligations hereunder in the same manner as Parent pursuant to the prior sentence. In connection with any assignment to an Assignee
described in clause (a) above in this Section 6.3, each of Parent (and the other assignor) shall agree to remain liable for the
performance by each Assignee (and such other assignor, if applicable) of all obligations of Parent hereunder with such Assignee substituted
for Parent under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by each of Parents
successors and each Assignee. Except for Parents obligation, subject to the terms and conditions herein, to make the Milestone
Payment upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, this Agreement shall not restrict Parents, any Assignees or any of their
respective successors ability to merge or consolidate with, or sell, issue, license or dispose of its stock or other equity interests
or assets to, any other Person, or any spin-off or split-off. Each of Parents successors and Assignees shall expressly assume by
an instrument supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Rights Agent, the due and punctual payment of the CVRs and the due and
punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants and obligations of this Agreement to be performed or observed by Parent.

(b)The Rights Agent may not assign this Agreement without Parents written consent other than as permitted by this Section
6.3(b). Any attempted assignment of this Agreement or any such rights in violation of this Section 6.3(b) shall be void and
of no effect. Any Person into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated,
or Person resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any
Person succeeding to the stock transfer or other shareholder services business of the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent, shall
be the successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part
of any of the parties hereto, provided that such Person would be eligible for appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions
of Section 3.4(b). The purchase of all or substantially all of the Rights Agents assets employed in the performance of transfer
agent activities shall be deemed a merger or consolidation for purposes of this Section 6.3(b).

Section 6.4Benefits of Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, will give to any Person
(other than the Rights Agent, Parent, Parents successors and Assignees, and the Holders who, in the case of the Holders, are express
third party beneficiaries of Parents obligations hereunder) any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
this Agreement or under any covenant or provision herein contained, all such covenants and provisions being for the sole benefit of the
foregoing. The rights of Holders are limited to those expressly 

20

provided in this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Holder may agree to renounce, in whole or in part, its rights under this
Agreement by written notice to the Rights Agent and Parent, which notice, if given, shall be irrevocable. Except for the rights and immunities
of the Rights Agent set forth herein, the Acting Holders will have the sole right, on behalf of all Holders, by virtue of or under any
provision of this Agreement, to institute any action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and no individual Holder or other group
of Holders will be entitled to exercise such rights (provided that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of an individual Holder
to seek a payment due from the applicable party pursuant to Section 4.2 solely to the extent such payment amount has been finally
determined in accordance with this Agreement and has not been paid within the period contemplated by this Agreement). Holders acting pursuant
to this provision on behalf of all Holders shall have no liability to the other Holders for such actions.

Section 6.5Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. 

(a)This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the Laws
that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof.

(b)Each of the parties hereto hereby (i) expressly and irrevocably submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware or if such Court of Chancery lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the United States District Court for
the District of Delaware, in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) agrees that
it shall not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court and (iii) agrees
that it shall not bring any action relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in any court other than the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware or if such Court of Chancery lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the United States District Court
for the District of Delaware; provided that each of the parties has the right to bring any action or proceeding for enforcement
of a judgment entered by such court in any other court or jurisdiction.

(c)EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED
AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (I) NO
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION,
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (II) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATION OF THIS WAIVER, (III) EACH PARTY
MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND (IV) EACH OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 6.5(C).

21

Section 6.6Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule, law or public policy, the remaining provisions
of this Agreement will be enforced so as to conform to the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner
so that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible; provided that if such excluded provision shall
materially affect the rights, immunities, liabilities, duties or obligations of the Rights Agent, the Rights Agent shall be entitled to
resign immediately upon written notice to Parent. 

Section 6.7Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by executed signatures
in electronic format (including pdf) and other electronic signatures (including DocuSign and AdobeSign), which shall have
the same authority, effect, and enforceability as an original signature, in each case transmitted by email) in two (2) or more counterparts,
and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed will be deemed to be an original but all of
which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement.

Section 6.8Termination. This Agreement will automatically and without any further action of any Party,
terminate and be of no force or effect, and the parties hereto will have no liability or obligations hereunder upon the earliest to occur
of (such time, the Termination) (a) if the Milestone is achieved or occurs before the Milestone Expiration, 12:01
a.m., Eastern Time, on the day immediately following the date that the Milestone Payment has been paid pursuant to Section 4.2
and (b) 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of the Milestone Expiration if the Milestone was not achieved and did not
occur prior to the Milestone Expiration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 6.4, 6.5,
6.6, 6.7, 6.9, 6.12 and this Section 6.8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Section 6.9Entire Agreement. As among the Holders and Parent, this Agreement and the Merger Agreement
(including the schedules, annexes and exhibits thereto and the documents and instruments referred to therein) contain the entire understanding
of the parties hereto and thereto with reference to the transactions and matters contemplated hereby and thereby and supersede all prior
agreements, written or oral, among the parties with respect hereto and thereto. As it relates to the Rights Agent, this Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and supersedes all contemporaneous and prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among or between
any of the parties hereto, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

Section 6.10Further Assurances. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Parent and the Rights Agent
shall perform, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, acknowledged and delivered all such further and other acts, documents,
instruments and assurances as may be reasonably required by the Rights Agent or Parent, as applicable, for the carrying out or performing
by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

Section 6.11Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, none of the Rights
Agent, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries will be liable for any delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its reasonable
control including, without limitation, acts of God, pandemics, epidemics, terrorist acts, shortage of supply, breakdowns or malfunctions,
interruptions or malfunctions of computer facilities, or loss of data due to power failures or 

22

mechanical difficulties with
information storage or retrieval systems, labor disputes, strikes, shortages, war or civil unrest, it being understood that such parties
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to resume performance as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances.

Section 6.12Legal Holiday. In the event that the Milestone Payment Date shall not be a Trading Day, then,
notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any payment required to be made in respect of the CVRs on such date need
not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Trading Day with the same force and effect as if made on the Milestone
Payment Date.

Section 6.13Confidentiality. The Rights Agent and Parent agree that all books, records, information and
data pertaining to the business of the other party, which are exchanged or received pursuant to the negotiation or the carrying out of
this Agreement, including the fees for services set forth in the attached schedule, shall remain confidential, and shall not be voluntarily
disclosed to any other person, except as may be required by a valid order of a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction or is
otherwise required by law or regulation.

[Remainder of Page Left Blank Intentionally]

23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused
this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

GEN DIGITAL INC.

By: 

Bryan S. Ko

Name: 

Bryan S. Ko

Title: Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

[Signature Page to Contingent Value Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused
this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,
and COMPUTERSHARE INC., on behalf of both parties

By: 

Collin Ekeogu

Name: 

Collin Ekeogu

Title: Senior Manager, Corporate Actions

[Signature Page to Contingent Value Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dp227806_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

MoneyLion Inc.

249-245 West 17th Street, 4th Floor

New York, NY 10011

April 17, 2025

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

Re: Warrant Agreement Notice of Warrant
Adjustment

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Warrant Agreement, dated
as of June 25, 2020 (the Warrant Agreement), by and between MoneyLion Inc. (f/k/a Fusion Acquisition Corp.), a Delaware
corporation (MoneyLion or the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
a New York corporation, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent), pertaining to the warrants of the Company having the
CUSIP 36118H 113 (the Warrants). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned
to such terms in the Warrant Agreement.

Pursuant to Section 4.4 of the Warrant Agreement,
in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or conversion of the Company as another entity (other
than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation (and is not a subsidiary of another entity whose stockholders
did not own all or substantially all of the Common Stock of the Company in substantially the same proportions immediately before such
transaction) and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock), the holders
of the Warrants shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the Warrants and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the
holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to such event; provided
that if less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Common Stock in the applicable event is payable in the form
of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter
market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the Registered Holder properly exercises
the Warrant within thirty (30) days following the public disclosure of the consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission, the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference
(but in no event less than zero) of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration
minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value. The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Warrant immediately prior
to the consummation of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial
Markets.

Further, Section 4.5 of the Warrant Agreement states
that (i) upon every adjustment of the Warrant Price, the Company must give written notice to the Warrant Agent and (ii) upon the occurrence
of an Alternative Issuance, the Company must give written notice to each holder of a Warrant. The Company hereby requests that upon receipt
of this notice, the Warrant Agent promptly provides a copy of this notice in writing to each holder of a Warrant on behalf of the Company
in accordance with Section 4.5 of the Warrant Agreement, with such further notices confirmed by the Warrant Agent to the Company in writing.

You are hereby notified that on April 17, 2025,
Gen Digital Inc. (Gen Digital) completed the previously announced merger contemplated pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 10, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Gen Digital,
Maverick Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Gen Digital (Merger Sub),
and MoneyLion, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into MoneyLion (the Merger), with MoneyLion surviving
the Merger as wholly owned subsidiary of Gen Digital. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,
at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share, of MoneyLion (MoneyLion Common Stock) that was issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than any shares of MoneyLion Common Stock that were held by MoneyLion as treasury stock or owned by Gen Digital, any shares
of MoneyLion Common Stock with respect to which a no transfer order had been placed with the MoneyLions transfer agent as of the
date of the Merger Agreement that remained in place immediately prior to the Effective Time, and any shares of MoneyLion Common Stock
as to which appraisal rights had been properly exercised in accordance with Delaware law) were automatically cancelled, extinguished and
converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal $82.00, without interest thereon, and one contingent value right issued by
Gen Digital subject to and in accordance with the CVR Agreement (a CVR) (collectively, the Merger Consideration).
Each Warrant is currently exercisable for 1/30 of a share of MoneyLion Common Stock (and therefore 30 Warrants are exercisable for one
share of MoneyLion Common Stock).

The consummation of this event was publicly disclosed
by the Company in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 17, 2025. Accordingly, effective April 17, 2025 through
May 17, 2025, the Company has opted to reduce the Warrant Price of $11.50 per Warrant by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference
of (a) $11.50 (which constitutes the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction) minus (b)(i) $2.85 (which constitutes the Per Share
Consideration) minus (ii) the applicable Black-Scholes Warrant Value.

The Black-Scholes Warrant Value was calculated
for each Public Warrant and Private Placement Warrant to be $0.24 and $0.28, respectively, in accordance with the terms of the Warrant
Agreement and the term set forth below:

Term 

Public Warrants 

Private Placement
Warrants 

Reference Date April 16, 2025 (the trading day immediately prior to the Effective Time) Same as the Public Warrants

Price of Each Share of Common Stock (10-trading day VWAP for the period ended on the Reference Date) $2.85 Same as the Public Warrants 

Assumed Volatility Calculated using the 90-day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg determined as of December 9, 2024 (the day immediately prior to the day of the Companys announcement of the Merger Agreement) 89.930% Same as the Public Warrants 

Assumed Risk-Free Interest Rate Interpolated U.S. Constant Maturity Treasury yield for a period equal to the remaining term of the Warrants (Expiration Date of September 22, 2026) 3.840% Same as the Public Warrants 

Option Pricing via the Bloomberg OVME Calculator Capped American call input using a call cap of $18.00, the other inputs derived in accordance with the other terms of this notice, the Expiration Date (September 22, 2026) and a buy/strike price of $11.50 (value display in price total) Regular American call input using the other inputs derived in accordance with the other terms of this notice, the Expiration Date (September 22, 2026) and a buy/strike price of $11.50 (value display in price total) 

Accordingly, effective April 17, 2025 through May
17, 2025, the Warrant Price shall be (i) $2.61 per Public Warrant, or $78.25 per 30 Public Warrants, and (ii) $2.57 per Private Placement
Warrant, or $77.05 per 30 Public Warrants. After May 17, 2025 and until maturity of the Warrants, the Warrant Price will be $11.50 per
Warrant. Any exercising holder will be entitled to receive $82 in cash and one CVR per 30 Warrants exercised as the replacement consideration
for the shares of Common Stock. No fraction of a CVR will be issued. During the period from April 17, 2025 through May 17, 2025, the Company
is requiring holders of Warrants to exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis. As such, during the period from
April 17, 2025 through May 17, 2025, each holder of (i) Public Warrant will receive $3.75 in cash and one CVR per 30 Public Warrants exercised
and (ii) Private Placement Warrant will receive $4.95 in cash and one CVR per 30 Private Placement Warrants exercised. Following May 17,
2025, each holder of Warrants must tender payment of the exercise price per 30 Warrants to the order of the Company in the amount of $345
per 30 Warrants.

Pursuant to Section 5.3 of the Warrant Agreement,
the Warrant Agent will not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which shall result in the issuance of a warrant
certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a Warrant.

Each holder of Warrants is encouraged to contact
its advisors if it has any questions regarding the exercise of its Warrants. To exercise a Warrant, the holder of the Warrant should complete
and submit to the Warrant Agent at the address or email listed below (or as otherwise directed by the Warrant Agent with the Companys
consent) the Form of Election attached hereto as Exhibit A:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

Email: compliance@continentalstock.com

[Signature Page Follows]

Sincerely,

MONEYLION INC.

By: 

Name: Richard Correia

Title: President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Notice of Warrant Adjustment]

Exhibit A

Election to Exercise

(To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant)

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
the right to receive $82 in cash and one contingent value rights per 30 Warrants, being the merger consideration the undersigned is entitled
to receive in respect of 30 Warrants during the period beginning on April 17, 2025 and ending on and including May 17, 2025. [FOR EXERCISES
FROM APRIL 17, 2025 THROUGH MAY 17, 2025: The Company has required that the Warrant be exercised on a cashless basis
and the net amount of cash to be received by the undersigned per 30 Warrants is $[3.75]/[4.95] per Warrant in accordance with
the terms hereof.] [FOR EXERCISES AFTER MAY 17, 2025: The undersigned herewith tenders payment of the exercise price per 30
Warrants to the order of the Company in the amount of $345 per 30 Warrants.]

Date: _____________, 2025 

Signature

Address

Tax Identification Number

Signature Guaranteed:

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION
(BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM,
PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE)).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ml-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ml-20250417_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ml-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable warrants: each whole warrant exercisable for 1/30th of one share of Class A common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ml-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 17, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-39346

Entity Registrant Name MONEYLION INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001807846

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-0849243

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 249-245 West 17th Street,

Entity Address, Address Line Two Floor
4

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10011

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 300-9865

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol ML

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Redeemable warrants: each whole warrant exercisable for 1/30th of one share of Class A common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable warrants: each whole warrant exercisable for 1/30th of one share of Class A common stock

Trading Symbol ML WS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ML_ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ML_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableFor130thOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://moneylion.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dp227806_8k.htm 
ml-20250417.xsd 
ml-20250417_def.xml 
ml-20250417_lab.xml 
ml-20250417_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000950103-25-004975-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>dp227806_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001807846 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001807846 

ML:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001807846 

ML:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableFor130thOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001807846 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
MONEYLION INC. 
DE 
001-39346 
85-0849243 
249-245 West 17th Street, 
Floor 4 
New York 
NY 
10011 
212 
300-9865 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
ML 
NYSE 
Redeemable warrants: each whole warrant exercisable for 1/30th of one share of Class A common stock 
ML WS 
NYSE 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>