<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950142-25-000808.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0000950142-25-000808.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250321080013
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950142-25-000808
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROLLINS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000084839
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-TO DWELLINGS & OTHER BUILDINGS [7340]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				510068479
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04422
		FILM NUMBER:		25758544

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2170 PIEDMONT RD NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30324
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4048882000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2170 PIEDMONT ROAD NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30324
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>eh250606258_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?FORM 8-K

false000008483900000848392025-03-212025-03-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 21, 2025

ROLLINS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-4422 51-0068479

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2170 Piedmont Road, N.E.

Atlanta, Georgia

(Address of principal executive offices) 

30324

(Zip Code)

(Registrants telephone number, including area
code): (404) 888-2000

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, If Changed since Last
Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each
class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange
on which

registered

Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value Per Share ROL NYSE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter)

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Commercial Paper Program

On March 21, 2025, Rollins, Inc.
(the Company) launched a commercial paper program (the Program) pursuant to which it may issue short-term,
unsecured commercial paper notes (the Notes) under the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Amounts available under the Program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed
from time to time, with the aggregate face or principal amount of the Notes outstanding under the Program at any time not to exceed $1,000,000,000.

The Notes will have maturities
of up to 397 days from the date of issue. The Notes will rank at least pari passu with all of the Companys other unsecured
and unsubordinated indebtedness. The net proceeds of the issuances of the Notes are expected to be used for general corporate purposes.
No Notes are currently outstanding under the Program.

One or more commercial paper dealers
will each act as a dealer under the Program (each, a Dealer, and collectively, the Dealers) pursuant to the
terms and conditions of the respective commercial paper dealer agreement entered into between the Company and each Dealer (each, a Dealer
Agreement, and collectively, the Dealer Agreements). A national bank will act as the issuing and paying agent under
the Program pursuant to the terms of an issuing and paying agent agreement. The Dealer Agreements provide the terms under which the Dealers
will either purchase from the Company or arrange for the sale by the Company of the Notes. The Dealer Agreements contain customary representations,
warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions. The form of Dealer Agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference, and the summary of the Program herein is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Program as set forth in the
form of Dealer Agreement.

From time to time, the Dealers
and certain of their respective affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide, lending, commercial banking, investment banking
and other financial advisory services to the Company and its affiliates for which such Dealers have received or will receive customary
fees and expenses.

The Notes have not been and will
not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state laws. The information contained
in this Current Report on Form 8-K is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes.

Amendment to the Credit Agreement

On March 21, 2025, the Company
entered into the Amendment No. 1 to the Revolving Credit Agreement (the Amendment No 1), among the Company, JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent), and the lenders party thereto, which amended
that certain Revolving Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement), dated February 24, 2023, with, among others, the Company
and the Administrative Agent. The Amendment No. 1, among other things, released each of Orkin, LLC, Northwest Exterminating Co., LLC,
Clark Pest Control of Stockton, Inc. and Hometeam Pest Defense, Inc. (collectively, the Existing Guarantors) as guarantors
under the Credit Agreement. Following the release of the Existing Guarantors from their guarantees of the obligations under the Credit
Agreement, no subsidiary of the Company guarantees the obligations under the Credit Agreement.

The foregoing description of the
Amendment No. 1 does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the full text of the Amendment No. 1, which is filed
as Exhibit 10.2 hereto, and is incorporated by reference herein.

First Supplemental Indenture

On March 21, 2025, the Company
entered into the First Supplemental Indenture (the First Supplemental Indenture) to the Indenture (the Indenture),
dated as of February 24, 2025, among the Company, the Existing Guarantors and Regions Bank, as trustee. The First Supplemental Indenture
released each of the Existing Guarantors

as guarantors under the Indenture. Following the release of the Existing Guarantors from their
guarantees of the obligations under the Indenture, no subsidiary of the Company guarantees the obligations under the Indenture.

The foregoing description of the
First Supplemental Indenture does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the full text of the First Supplemental
Indenture, which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto, and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information included in Item 1.01 above is incorporated
by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description of Exhibit

4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 21, 2025, among Rollins, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Regions Bank, as trustee.

10.1 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between Rollins, Inc., as issuer and the applicable Dealer party thereto.

10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 21, 2025, by and among Rollins, Inc. the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

ROLLINS, INC. 

Date: March 21, 2025 By: /s/ Kenneth D. Krause 

Name: Kenneth D. Krause 

Title: 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>eh250606258_ex0402.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT
4.2

Execution Version

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1 (this Supplemental Indenture)
dated as of March 21, 2025, among each Guarantor listed on Schedule I hereto (the Released Guarantors), Rollins,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), and Regions Bank, as trustee (the Trustee) under
the Indenture referred to below.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, the Issuer, the Guarantors and the
Trustee have heretofore executed an indenture, dated as of February 24, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to
the date hereof, the Indenture), providing for the issuance of the Issuers 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 (the
Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $500,000,000;

WHEREAS, Section 10.05(a)(v)(2) of the Indenture
provides that the Guarantee of a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be released automatically, inter alia, if the Issuer has indebtedness
outstanding under the Credit Facility, upon the release of such Subsidiary Guarantors Guarantee of all obligations of the Issuer
under the Credit Facility, or the Credit Facility (or a successor thereto) is amended, refinanced, extended, substituted, replaced or
renewed without such Guarantor being a guarantor of the indebtedness thereunder;

WHEREAS, pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to the
Credit Facility, dated as of March 21, 2025, by and among the Issuer, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative
agent (the Credit Agreement Amendment), the Issuer and the Released Guarantors hereby confirm that each Released
Guarantor has been released from its respective Guarantee of all obligations of the Issuer under the Credit Facility (collectively, the
Releases);

WHEREAS, as a result of the Credit Agreement
Amendment, each Released Guarantor is automatically released and no longer a Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with Section 10.05(a)(v)(2)
of the Indenture;

WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 10.05(c), 13.02
and 13.03 of the Indenture, the Issuer has previously delivered, or delivers herewith, to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and
an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the action or event giving rise to the Releases has occurred or was made by the Issuer in accordance
with the provisions of the Indenture;

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 10.05(c) of the
Indenture, upon receipt of the Officers Certificate and the Opinion of Counsel, the Trustee shall execute any documents reasonably
required to evidence the Releases; and

WHEREAS, the Issuer desires and has instructed
the Trustee to join in entering into this Supplemental Indenture for the purpose of evidencing the termination of the Released Guarantors
Guarantees and the release of all Released Guarantors from all obligations under the Notes and the Indenture, specifically including Article
10 thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Released Guarantors, the Issuer

and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable
benefit of the holders of the Notes as follows:

1. Capitalized Terms.
Terms defined in the Indenture and not otherwise defined in this Supplemental Indenture shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the
Indenture. The words herein, hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used in this
Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Section hereof.

2. Release of Guarantors.
The Subsidiary Guarantee of each of the Released Guarantors is hereby automatically terminated under Section 10.05(a)(v)(2) of the Indenture
and of no further force or effect and each of the Released Guarantors is hereby and without further action released from all obligations
under the Notes and the Indenture.

3. Ratification of Indenture;
Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed
and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part
of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.

4. GOVERNING LAW.
THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE FOR ADDITIONAL GUARANTEES BUT
WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION
WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.

5. Trustee Makes No
Representation. The Trustee accepts the amendments of the Indenture effected by this Supplemental Indenture on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Indenture, including the terms and provisions defining and limiting the liabilities and responsibilities of the Trustee
and the Trustee shall be indemnified and held harmless related to all actions and transactions referenced herein under the terms of the
Indenture. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or with
respect to any of the recitals or statements contained herein, all of which recitals or statements are made solely by the Issuer and the
Released Guarantors, or for or with respect to (i) the validity, accuracy, or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or any of the
terms or provisions hereof, (ii) the proper authorization hereof by the Issuer and the Released Guarantors, in each case, by action or
otherwise, (iii) the due execution hereof by the Issuer and the Released Guarantors or (iv) the consequences of any amendment herein provided
for, and the Trustee makes no representation with respect to any such matters.

6. Counterparts.
The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together
represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of the Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute
effective execution and delivery of the Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture
and signature pages for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery,
and words of like import in or relating to the Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with the Indenture shall be deemed
to

2 

include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records
in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical
delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions
contemplated hereunder by electronic means.

7. Effect of Headings.
The Section headings of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not intended to be considered
a part hereof and shall not modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Supplemental Indenture
to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

ROLLINS, INC., as Issuer 

By: /s/ Brady Knudsen 

Name: Brady Knudsen 

Title: Treasurer 

ORKIN, LLC

NORTHWEST EXTERMINATING CO., LLC

CLARK PEST CONTROL OF STOCKTON, INC.

HOMETEAM PEST DEFENSE, INC.,

as Released Guarantors 

By: /s/ Andrew Light 

Name: Andrew Light 

Title: Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Supplemental Indenture No. 1]

REGIONS BANK, not in its individual capacity, but solely
as Trustee 

By: /s/ Kristine Prall 

Name: Kristine Prall 

Title: Vice President 

[Signature Page to Supplemental Indenture No. 1]

Schedule I

Released Guarantors

Name of Entity Type of Entity 

Jurisdiction of

Organization

1. Orkin, LLC LLC Delaware

2. Northwest Exterminating Co., LLC LLC Georgia

3. Clark Pest Control of Stockton, Inc. Corporation California

4. HomeTeam Pest Defense, Inc. Corporation Delaware
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>eh250606258_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement

4(a)(2) Program

Between:

Rollins, Inc., as Issuer and

[], as Dealer

Concerning Notes to be issued pursuant to an
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement dated as of [] between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Issuing
and Paying Agent

Dated as of

[]

Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement

4(a)(2) Program

This commercial paper dealer agreement (this Agreement)
sets forth the understandings between the Issuer and the Dealer, each named on the cover page hereof, in connection with the issuance
and sale by the Issuer of its short-term promissory notes (the Notes) through the Dealer.

Certain terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 6 hereof.

The Addendum to this Agreement, and any Annexes or Exhibits described
in this Agreement or such Addendum, are hereby incorporated into this Agreement and made fully a part hereof.

1. Offers, Sales and Resales of Notes.

1.1 While (i) the Issuer has and shall have no obligation to sell the Notes to the Dealer or to permit the Dealer to arrange any sale
of the Notes for the account of the Issuer, and (ii) the Dealer has and shall have no obligation to purchase the Notes from the Issuer
or to arrange any sale of the Notes for the account of the Issuer, the parties hereto agree that in any case where the Dealer purchases
Notes from the Issuer, or arranges for the sale of Notes by the Issuer, such Notes will be purchased or sold by the Dealer in reliance
on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Issuer contained herein or made pursuant hereto and on the terms and
conditions and in the manner provided herein.

1.2 So long as this Agreement shall remain in effect, and in addition to the limitations contained in Section 1.7 hereof, the Issuer shall
not, without the consent of the Dealer, offer, solicit or accept offers to purchase, or sell, any Notes except (a) in transactions with
one or more dealers which may from time to time after the date hereof become dealers with respect to the Notes by executing with the Issuer
one or more agreements which contain provisions substantially identical to those contained in Section 1 of this Agreement, of which the
Issuer hereby undertakes to provide the Dealer prompt notice, or (b) in transactions with the other dealers listed on the Addendum hereto,
which are executing agreements with the Issuer which contain provisions substantially identical to Section 1 of this Agreement contemporaneously
herewith or have executed agreements with the Issuer prior to the date hereof which contain such provisions (in the case of clauses (a)
and (b), each, an Other Dealer and collectively, the Other Dealers). In no event shall the Issuer offer, solicit
or accept offers to purchase, or sell, any Notes directly on its own behalf in transactions with persons other than Other Dealers as specifically
permitted in this Section 1.2.

1.3 The Notes shall have a minimum Face Amount of $250,000 or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, will bear such interest
rates, if interest bearing, or will be sold at such discount from their Face Amounts, as shall be agreed upon by the Dealer and the Issuer,
shall have a maturity not exceeding 397 days from the date of issuance and may have such terms as are specified in Exhibit B hereto, the
Private Placement Memorandum or a pricing supplement, or as otherwise agreed upon by the applicable purchaser and the Issuer. The Notes
shall not contain any provision for extension, renewal or automatic rollover.

1.4 The authentication and issuance of, and payment for, the Notes shall be effected in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency
Agreement, and the Notes shall be either individual physical certificates or book-entry notes evidenced by one or more master notes (each,
a Master Note) registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company

(DTC) or its nominee, in the form or forms annexed
to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.

1.5 If the Issuer and the Dealer shall agree on the terms of the purchase of any Note by the Dealer or the sale of any Note arranged by
the Dealer (including, but not limited to, agreement with respect to the date of issue, purchase price, principal amount, maturity and
interest rate or interest rate index and margin (in the case of interest-bearing Notes) or discount thereof (in the case of Notes issued
on a discount basis), and appropriate compensation for the Dealers services hereunder) pursuant to this Agreement, the Issuer shall
cause such Note to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and payment for such
Note shall be made by the purchaser thereof, either directly or through the Dealer, to the Issuing and Paying Agent, for the account of
the Issuer. Except as otherwise agreed, in the event that the Dealer is acting as an agent and a purchaser shall either fail to accept
delivery of or make payment for a Note on the date fixed for settlement, the Dealer shall promptly notify the Issuer, and if the Dealer
has theretofore paid the Issuer for the Note, the Issuer will promptly return such funds to the Dealer against its return of the Note
to the Issuer, in the case of a certificated Note, and upon notice of such failure in the case of a book-entry Note. If such failure occurred
for any reason other than default by the Dealer, the Issuer shall reimburse the Dealer on an equitable basis for the Dealers loss
of the use of such funds for the period such funds were credited to the Issuers account.

1.6 The Dealer and the Issuer hereby establish and agree to observe the following procedures in connection with offers, sales and subsequent
resales or other transfers of the Notes:

(a) Offers and sales of the Notes by or through the Dealer shall be made only to: (i) investors reasonably believed by the Dealer to be
Qualified Institutional Buyers or Institutional Accredited Investors and (ii) non-bank fiduciaries or agents that will be purchasing Notes
for one or more accounts, each of which is reasonably believed by the Dealer to be a Qualified Institutional Buyer or an Institutional
Accredited Investor.

(b) Resales and other transfers of the Notes by the holders thereof shall be made only in accordance with the restrictions in the legend
described in clause (e) below.

(c) No general solicitation or general advertising shall be used in connection with the offering of the Notes. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, without the prior written approval of the Dealer, the Issuer shall not issue any press release, make any other statement
to any member of the press making reference to the Notes, the offer or sale of the Notes or this Agreement or place or publish any tombstone
or other advertisement relating to the Notes or the offer or sale thereof. To the extent permitted by applicable securities laws, the
Issuer shall (i) omit the name of the Dealer from any publicly available filing by the Issuer that makes reference to the Notes, the offer
or sale of the Notes or this Agreement, (ii) not include a copy of this Agreement in any such filing or as an exhibit thereto, and (iii)
redact the Dealer's name and any contact or other information that could identify the Dealer from any agreement or other information included
in any such filing. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not post the Private Placement Memorandum on a website without the consent
of the Dealer and each Other Dealer, if any, for the Notes.

(d) No sale of Notes to any one purchaser shall be for less than $250,000 Face Amount, and no Note shall be issued in a smaller Face Amount.
If the purchaser is a non-bank

3 

fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom
such purchaser is acting must purchase at least $250,000 Face Amount of Notes.

(e) Offers and sales of the Notes shall be subject to the restrictions described in the legend appearing on Exhibit A hereto. A legend
substantially to the effect of such Exhibit A shall appear as part of the Private Placement Memorandum used in connection with offers
and sales of Notes hereunder, as well as on each individual certificate representing a Note and each Master Note representing book-entry
Notes offered and sold pursuant to this Agreement.

(f) The Dealer shall furnish or make available or shall have furnished or made available to each purchaser of Notes for which it has acted
as the Dealer a copy of the then-current Private Placement Memorandum unless such purchaser has previously been furnished or had made
available to it a copy of the Private Placement Memorandum as then in effect. The Private Placement Memorandum shall expressly state that
any person to whom Notes are offered shall have an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive information from, the Issuer and the Dealer
and shall provide the names, addresses and telephone numbers of the persons from whom information regarding the Issuer may be obtained.

(g) The Issuer agrees, for the benefit of the Dealer and each of the holders and prospective purchasers from time to time of the Notes
that, if at any time the Issuer shall not be subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer will furnish, upon request
and at its expense, to the Dealer and to holders and prospective purchasers of Notes information required by Rule 144A(d)(4)(i) in compliance
with Rule 144A(d).

(h) In the event that any Note offered or to be offered by the Dealer would be ineligible for resale under Rule 144A, the Issuer shall
promptly notify the Dealer (by telephone, confirmed in writing) of such fact and shall promptly prepare and deliver to the Dealer an amendment
or supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum describing the Notes that are ineligible, the reason for such ineligibility and any
other relevant information relating thereto.

(i) The Issuer represents that it is not currently issuing commercial paper in the United States market in reliance upon the exemption
provided by Section 3(a)(3) of the Securities Act. The Issuer agrees that, if it shall issue commercial paper after the date hereof in
reliance upon such exemption (a) the proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be segregated from the proceeds of the sale of any such
commercial paper by being placed in a separate account; (b) the Issuer will institute appropriate corporate procedures to ensure that
the offers and sales of notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Section 3(a)(3) exemption are not integrated with offerings and sales
of Notes hereunder; and (c) the Issuer will comply with each of the requirements of Section 3(a)(3) of the Securities Act in selling commercial
paper or other short-term debt securities other than the Notes in the United States.

1.7 The Issuer hereby represents and warrants to the Dealer, in connection with offers, sales and resales of Notes, as follows:

(a) The Issuer hereby confirms to the Dealer that (except as permitted by Section 1.6(i)) within the preceding six months neither the
Issuer nor any person other than the Dealer or the Other Dealers acting on behalf of the Issuer has offered or sold any Notes, or any
substantially similar security of the Issuer (including, without limitation, medium-term notes issued by the Issuer which could be integrated
with the Notes for Securities Act

4 

purposes), to, or solicited offers to buy any such security
from, any person other than the Dealer or the Other Dealers. The Issuer also agrees that (except as permitted by Section 1.6(i)), as long
as the Notes are being offered for sale by the Dealer and the Other Dealers as contemplated hereby and until at least six months after
the offering of Notes hereunder has been terminated, neither the Issuer nor any person other than the Dealer or the Other Dealers (except
as contemplated by Section 1.2 hereof) will offer the Notes or any substantially similar security of the Issuer for sale to, or solicit
offers to buy any such security from, any person other than the Dealer or the Other Dealers, it being understood that such agreement is
made with a view to bringing the offer and sale of the Notes within an exemption provided by the Securities Act and shall survive any
termination of this Agreement. The Issuer hereby (i) represents and warrants that it has not taken or omitted to take, and (ii) covenants
that it will not take, or omit to take, in each case, any action, which action (or the absence thereof, in the case of an omission) would
cause the offering and sale of Notes hereunder to be integrated with any other offering of securities, whether such offering is made by
the Issuer or some other party or parties.

(b) The Issuer represents and agrees that the proceeds of the sale of the Notes are not currently contemplated to be used for the purpose
of buying, carrying or trading securities within the meaning of Regulation T and the interpretations thereunder by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System. In the event that the Issuer determines to use such proceeds for the purpose of buying, carrying or trading
securities, whether in connection with an acquisition of another company or otherwise, the Issuer shall give the Dealer at least five
business days prior written notice to that effect. The Issuer shall also give the Dealer prompt notice of the actual date that
it commences to purchase securities with the proceeds of the Notes. Thereafter, in the event that the Dealer purchases Notes as principal
and does not resell such Notes on the day of such purchase, to the extent necessary to comply with Regulation T and the interpretations
thereunder, the Dealer will sell such Notes either (i) only to offerees it reasonably believes to be Qualified Institutional Buyers or
to Qualified Institutional Buyers it reasonably believes are acting for other Qualified Institutional Buyers, in each case in accordance
with Rule 144A, or (ii) in a manner which would not cause a violation of Regulation T and the interpretations thereunder.

1.8 The Issuer shall not issue Notes,
or request the Dealer to offer and sell Notes, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance and the application of the proceeds
thereof, the aggregate Face Amount of outstanding Notes under the Program would exceed the Maximum Amount. The Issuer may from time to
time increase the Maximum Amount by:

(a) giving at least ten (10) days notice by letter substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
C (the Notification Letter for an Increase in the Maximum Amount) to the Dealer and the Issuing and Paying Agent;
and

(b) delivery of (i) a certificate from a duly authorized officer of the Issuer confirming that no changes
have been made to the organizational documents of the Issuer since the date a certified copy thereof was most recently delivered to the
Dealer or, if there has been any such change, a certified copy of the related organizational documents currently in force; (ii) certified
copies of all documents evidencing the internal authorization and approval required to be adopted by the Issuer for such an increase in
the Maximum Amount; (iii) an updated or supplemental Private Placement Memorandum reflecting the increase in the Maximum Amount of the
Program; (iv) a legal opinion of

5 

counsel to the Issuer, addressed to
the Dealer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Dealer; and (v) evidence from each nationally recognized statistical
rating organization providing a rating of the Notes either (A) that such rating has been confirmed after giving effect to the increase
in the Maximum Amount or (B) setting forth any change in the rating of the Notes after giving effect to the increase in the Maximum Amount.

2. Representations and Warranties of Issuer.

The Issuer represents and warrants that:

2.1 The Issuer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
and has all the requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Notes, this Agreement and the
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.

2.2 This Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer and constitute
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles
of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).

2.3 The Notes have been duly authorized, and when issued as provided in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, will be duly and validly
issued and will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their
terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability,
to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).

2.4 The offer and sale of the Notes in the manner contemplated hereby do not require registration of the Notes under the Securities Act,
and no indenture in respect of the Notes is required to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.

2.5 The Notes will rank at least pari passu in priority of payment with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer.

2.6 No consent or action of, or filing or registration with, any governmental or public regulatory body or authority, including the SEC,
is required to authorize, or is otherwise required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of, this Agreement, the Notes
or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, except as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states in connection
with the offer and sale of the Notes.

2.7 Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, nor the issuance of the Notes in
accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, nor the fulfillment of or compliance with the terms and provisions hereof or
thereof by the Issuer, will (i) result in the creation or imposition of any mortgage, lien, charge or encumbrance of any nature whatsoever
upon any of the properties or assets of the Issuer, or (ii) violate or result in a breach or a default under any of the terms of (a) the
Issuers charter documents or by-laws, (b) any contract or instrument to which the Issuer is a party or by which it or its property
is bound, or (c) any law or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or government instrumentality, to which
the Issuer is subject or by which it or its property is bound, which violation, breach or default with respect to clauses (b) or (c) would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be

6 

expected to have a material adverse effect on the condition
(financial or otherwise), operations of the Issuer or the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Notes
or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.

2.8 There is no litigation or governmental proceeding pending, or to the knowledge of the Issuer threatened, against or affecting the
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change in the condition (financial
or otherwise), operations of the Issuer or the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Notes or the
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.

2.9 The Issuer is not an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.10 Neither the Private Placement Memorandum (excluding Dealer information) nor the Company Information contains any untrue statement
of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

2.11 Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries nor any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person associated with
or acting on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates has (i) made, offered, promised or authorized any unlawful
contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense (or taken any act in furtherance thereof); (ii) made, offered, promised or
authorized any direct or indirect unlawful payment; or (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, the Bribery Act of 2010 of the United Kingdom or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law, rule or regulation.
The Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates have implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance
by the Issuer, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable anti-bribery
and anti-corruption laws, rules and regulations. The Issuer, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective officers and directors
and to the knowledge of the Issuer, its employees and agents, are in compliance with applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws,
rules and regulations. The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that its subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees
and agents shall not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Notes, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available
such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity in furtherance of an offer, promise to pay, or authorization
of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any person in violation of applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption
laws, rules or regulations.

2.12 The operations of the Issuer and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with the requirements of
applicable anti-money laundering laws, including, but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT ACT
of 2001, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the anti-money laundering laws of the various jurisdictions in which
the Issuer and its subsidiaries conduct business (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries with
respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Issuer, threatened. The Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates
have implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Issuer, its subsidiaries and affiliates
and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable Money Laundering Rules. The

7 

Issuer, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective
officers and directors and to the knowledge of the Issuer, its employees and agents, are in compliance with applicable Money Laundering
Rules. The Issuer shall not, and shall procure that its subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall
not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of the Notes, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds
to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity in furtherance of an offer, promise to pay, or authorization of the
payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any person in violation of applicable Money Laundering Rules.

2.13 None of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Issuer, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate
of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S.
Government, including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC),
or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or
blocked person, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, the Swiss Secretariat of Economic Affairs, the United
Nations Security Council, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Issuer or any of its
subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of comprehensive territorial Sanctions
(including, without limitation, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Zaporizhzhia
and Kherson regions or any other Covered Region of Ukraine identified pursuant to Executive Order 14065, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea
and Syria), and the Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering of the Notes hereunder, or lend, contribute
or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate
any activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the
subject or the target of Sanctions or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating
in the transaction, whether as initial purchaser, dealer, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions, any applicable anti-bribery or
anti-corruption law, or the Money Laundering Laws. The Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates have implemented and maintains in effect
policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Issuer, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents with applicable Sanctions. The Issuer, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective officers and directors
and to the knowledge of the Issuer, its employees and agents, are in compliance with applicable Sanctions.

2.14 Each (a) issuance of Notes by the Issuer hereunder and (b) amendment or supplement of the Private Placement Memorandum shall be deemed
a representation and warranty by the Issuer to the Dealer, as of the date thereof, that, both before and after giving effect to such issuance
and after giving effect to such amendment or supplement, (i) the representations and warranties given by the Issuer set forth in this
Section 2 remain true and correct on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, (ii) in the case of an issuance of Notes,
the Notes being issued on such date have been duly and validly issued and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer,
enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement
is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law), (iii) in the case of an issuance of Notes, since the date of the most recent Private Placement
Memorandum, there has been no material adverse change in the condition (financial or

8 

otherwise), operations of the Issuer or the ability of the
Issuer to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Notes or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement which has not been disclosed
to the Dealer in writing and (iv) the Issuer is not in default of any of its obligations hereunder or under the Notes or the Issuing and
Paying Agency Agreement.

2.15 The Issuer and its subsidiaries respective information technology assets, equipment, computers, systems, net-works, hardware,
software, websites, applications, and databases, including any and all data and information stored thereon or transmitted thereby (collectively,
IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with, the operation
of the respective businesses of the Issuer and its subsidiaries as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted by them, in each
case, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Issuer and its
subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures and safeguards, consistent with prevalent
industry practices, to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems, and, except
as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect, there have been no breaches,
violations, outages or unauthorized uses or disclosures of, accesses to, or material malfunctions or failures of, the same.

3. Covenants and Agreements of Issuer.

The Issuer covenants and agrees that:

3.1 The Issuer will give the Dealer prompt notice (but in any event prior to any subsequent issuance of Notes hereunder) of any amendment
to, modification of or waiver with respect to, the Notes or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, including a complete copy of any
such amendment, modification or waiver.

3.2 The Issuer shall, whenever there shall occur any change in the Issuer's condition (financial or otherwise), operations or any development
or occurrence in relation to the Issuer that would be materially adverse to holders of the Notes or potential holders of the Notes (including
any downgrading or receipt of any notice of intended or potential downgrading or any review for potential change in the rating accorded
any of the Issuer's securities by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization which has published a rating of the Notes),
promptly, and in any event prior to any subsequent issuance of Notes hereunder, notify the Dealer (by telephone, confirmed in writing)
of such change, development or occurrence; provided that, the Issuer shall be deemed to have met the requirements of this Section 3.2
to the extent that the Issuer has made information regarding any such change, development or occurrence publicly available through filings
with the EDGAR system of the SEC or posted on the website of the Issuer (so long as the Issuer notifies the Dealer of any such posting
and any such posting is identified in such notice).

3.3 The Issuer shall, if legally permissible, from time to time furnish to the Dealer such information as the Dealer may reasonably request,
including, without limitation, any press releases or material provided by the Issuer to any national securities exchange or rating agency,
regarding (i) the Issuer's operations and financial condition, (ii) the due authorization and execution of the Notes and (iii) the Issuer's
ability to pay the Notes as they mature; provided that, to the extent any such publicly released information is filed with the EDGAR system
of the SEC or posted on the website of the Issuer (so long as the Issuer notifies the Dealer of any such posting and any such posting
is identified in such notice), such material shall be deemed to be furnished to the Dealer in accordance herewith. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation under this Section 3.3 to furnish any

9 

information to the extent such information constitutes material
non-public information or is information the Issuer is otherwise required to keep confidential.

3.4 The Issuer will take all such action as the Dealer may reasonably request to ensure that each offer and each sale of the Notes will
comply with any applicable state Blue Sky laws; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be obligated to file any general consent
to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or subject itself to
taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.5 The Issuer will not (i) be in default of any of its obligations under the Notes, or (ii) be in default in any material respect of
any of its obligations hereunder or under the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, at any time that any of the Notes are outstanding.

3.6 The Issuer shall not issue Notes hereunder until the Dealer shall have received (a) an opinion of counsel to the Issuer, addressed
to the Dealer, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Dealer, (b) a copy of the executed Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement
as then in effect, (c) a copy of resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
to the Dealer and certified by the Secretary or similar officer of the Issuer, authorizing execution and delivery by the Issuer of this
Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes and consummation by the Issuer of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, (d) a certificate of the secretary, assistant secretary or other designated officer of the Issuer certifying as to (i) the
Issuers organizational documents, and attaching true, correct and complete copies thereof and (ii) the incumbency of the officers
of the Issuer authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes, and take other
action on behalf of the Issuer in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (e) prior to the issuance of any book-entry
Notes represented by a Master Note, a copy of the executed Letter of Representations among the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and
DTC and of each executed Master Note, (f) prior to the issuance of any Notes in physical form, a copy of such form (unless attached to
this Agreement or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement), (g) confirmation of the then current rating assigned to the Notes by each
nationally recognized statistical rating organization then rating the Notes, if any, (h) a properly completed and signed IRS Form W-8
or W-9, as applicable, for the Issuer, (i) all information regarding beneficial ownership required by 31 C.F.R. 1010.230, including
a completed form promulgated by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association to facilitate compliance with the requirements
of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, and (j) such other certificates, opinions, letters and documents as the Dealer shall have
reasonably requested.

3.7 The Issuer shall reimburse the Dealer for all of the Dealers reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses related to this
Agreement, including expenses incurred in connection with its preparation and negotiation, and the transactions contemplated hereby (including,
but not limited to, the printing and distribution of the Private Placement Memorandum), and for the reasonable and documented fees and
out-of-pocket expenses of the Dealers counsel.

3.8 The Issuer shall not file a Form D (as referenced in Rule 503 under the Securities Act) at any time in respect of the offer or sale
of the Notes.

10 

4. Disclosure.

4.1 The Private Placement Memorandum and its contents (other than the Dealer Information) shall be the sole responsibility of the Issuer.
The Private Placement Memorandum shall contain a statement expressly offering an opportunity for each prospective purchaser to ask questions
of, and receive answers from, the Issuer concerning the offering of Notes and to obtain relevant additional information which the Issuer
possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense.

4.2 The Issuer agrees to promptly furnish the Dealer the Company Information as it becomes available; provided that, the public filing
of the Company Information with the EDGAR system of the SEC or the posting of the Company Information on the website of the Issuer (so
long as the Issuer notifies the Dealer that the Issuer has posted such Company Information and such posting is identified in such notice)
shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 4.2, with respect to such publicly filed information.

4.3 (a) The Issuer further agrees to notify the Dealer promptly upon the occurrence of any event relating to or affecting the Issuer that
would cause the Company Information then in existence to include an untrue statement of a material fact or to omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

(b)In
the event that the Issuer gives the Dealer notice pursuant to Section 4.3(a) and (i) the Issuer is selling Notes in accordance with
Section 1, (ii) the Dealer notifies the Issuer that it then has Notes it is holding in inventory, or (iii) any Notes are otherwise
outstanding, the Issuer shall promptly supplement or amend the Private Placement Memorandum so that the Private Placement
Memorandum, as amended or supplemented, shall not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and the
Issuer shall make such supplement or amendment available to the Dealer.

(c)In
the event that (i) the Issuer gives the Dealer notice pursuant to Section 4.3(a), (ii) (A) the Issuer is not selling Notes in
accordance with Section 1, (B) the Dealer does not notify the Issuer that it is then holding Notes in inventory, and (C) no Notes
are otherwise outstanding, and (iii) the Issuer chooses not to promptly amend or supplement the Private Placement Memorandum in the
manner described in clause (b) above, then all solicitations and sales of Notes shall be suspended until such time as the Issuer has
so amended or supplemented the Private Placement Memorandum, and made such amendment or supplement available to the Dealer.

5. Indemnification
and Contribution.

5.1 The Issuer will indemnify and hold harmless the Dealer, and each of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents and
each person, if any, who controls the Dealer within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (hereinafter the Indemnitees)
against any and all liabilities, penalties, suits, causes of action, losses, damages, claims, costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
fees and disbursements of counsel) or judgments of whatever kind or nature or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) (each a Claim),
imposed upon, incurred by or asserted against the Indemnitees arising out of or based upon (i) any allegation that the Private Placement
Memorandum, the Company Information or any information provided by the Issuer to the Dealer included (as of any relevant time) or includes
an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted (as of any relevant time) or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (ii) the breach by the Issuer

11 

of any agreement, covenant or representation made in or pursuant
to this Agreement. This indemnification shall not apply to the extent that the Claim arises out of or is based upon Dealer Information
or, with respect to clause (ii) above only, the gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Dealer in the performance of, or failure
to perform, its obligations under this Agreement, as established by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.

5.2 The Issuer agrees to reimburse each Indemnitee for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees
and disbursements of one counsel in each applicable jurisdiction) as they are incurred by it in connection with investigating or defending
any loss, claim, damage, liability or action in respect of which indemnification may be sought under this Section 5 (whether or not it
is a party to any such proceedings).

5.3 Promptly after receipt by an Indemnitee of notice of the existence of a Claim, such Indemnitee will, if a claim in respect thereof
is to be made against the Issuer, notify the Issuer in writing of the existence thereof; provided that (i) the omission to so notify the
Issuer will not relieve the Issuer from any liability which it may have hereunder unless and except to the extent it did not otherwise
learn of such Claim and such failure results in the forfeiture by the Issuer of substantial rights and defenses, and (ii) the omission
so to notify the Issuer will not relieve it from liability which it may have to an Indemnitee otherwise than on account of this indemnity
agreement. In case any such Claim is made against any Indemnitee and it notifies the Issuer of the existence thereof, the Issuer will
be entitled to participate therein, and to the extent that it may elect by written notice delivered to the Indemnitee, to assume the defense
thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee; provided that if the defendants in any such Claim include both the Indemnitee
and the Issuer, and the Indemnitee shall have concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional
to those available to the Issuer, the Issuer shall not have the right to direct the defense of such Claim on behalf of such Indemnitee,
and the Indemnitee shall have the right to select separate counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer to assert such legal defenses
on behalf of such Indemnitee. Upon receipt of notice from the Issuer to such Indemnitee of the Issuers election so to assume the
defense of such Claim and approval by the Indemnitee of counsel, the Issuer will not be liable to such Indemnitee for expenses incurred
thereafter by the Indemnitee in connection with the defense thereof (other than reasonable costs of investigation) unless (i) the Indemnitee
shall have employed separate counsel in connection with the assertion of legal defenses in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding
sentence (it being understood, however, that the Issuer shall not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (in addition
to any local counsel in the jurisdiction in which any Claim is brought), approved by the Dealer, representing the Indemnitee who is party
to such Claim), (ii) the Issuer shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee to represent the Indemnitee
within a reasonable time after notice of existence of the Claim or (iii) the Issuer has authorized in writing the employment of counsel
for the Indemnitee. The indemnity, reimbursement and contribution obligations of the Issuer hereunder shall be in addition to any other
liability the Issuer may otherwise have to an Indemnitee and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors, assigns,
heirs and personal representatives of the Issuer and any Indemnitee. The Issuer agrees that without the Dealers prior written consent,
it will not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any Claim in respect of which indemnification may be sought
under the indemnification provision of the Agreement (whether or not the Dealer or any other Indemnitee is an actual or potential party
to such Claim), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of each Indemnitee from all

12 

liability arising out of such Claim and (ii) does not include
a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or failure to act, by or on behalf of any Indemnitee.

5.4 In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in this Section
5 is held to be unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless the Indemnitees, although applicable in accordance with the terms of this
Section 5, the Issuer shall contribute to the aggregate costs incurred by the Dealer and its related Indemnitees in connection with any
Claim in the proportion of the respective economic interests of the Issuer, on the one hand, and the Dealer and its related Indemnitees,
on the other hand. The respective economic interests shall be calculated by reference to the aggregate proceeds to the Issuer of the Notes
issued hereunder and the aggregate commissions and fees earned by the Dealer hereunder. If the allocation by respective economic interests
provided by the preceding two sentences above is not permitted by applicable law, then the Issuers contribution shall be in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the respective economic interests referred to above but also the relative fault of the
Issuer, on the one hand, and the Dealer, on the other, with respect to statements or omissions which results in such loss, claim, damage
liability or expense, or action in respect thereof. The relative fault of the Issuer and the Dealer shall be determined by reference to,
among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material
fact relates to information supplied by the Issuer or by the Dealer and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such statements or omission. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above, the contribution
by the Issuer in any case shall be in an amount such that the aggregate costs incurred by the Dealer and its related Indemnitees do not
exceed the aggregate of the commissions and fees actually received by the Dealer hereunder with respect to the issue or issues of Notes
to which such Claim relates.

6. Definitions.

6.1 BHC Act Affiliate shall have the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k).

6.2 Claim shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.

6.3 Company Information at any given time shall mean the Private Placement Memorandum together with, to the extent applicable,
(i) the Issuers most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC and each report on Form 10-Q or 8-K filed by the Issuer with
the SEC since the most recent Form 10-K, (ii) the Issuers most recent annual audited financial statements and each interim financial
statement or report prepared subsequent thereto, if not included in item (i) above, (iii) the Issuers and its affiliates
other publicly available recent reports, including, but not limited to, any publicly available filings or reports provided to their respective
shareholders, (iv) any other information or disclosure prepared pursuant to Section 4.3 hereof and (v) any information prepared or approved
by the Issuer for dissemination to investors or potential investors in the Notes.

6.4 Covered Entity shall mean any of the following:

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.82(b);

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or

13 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
382.2(b).

6.5 Current Issuing and Paying Agent shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.9(a).

6.6 Dealer shall mean the institution designated as Dealer on the cover page of
this Agreement.

6.7 Dealer Information shall mean material concerning the Dealer provided by the Dealer in writing expressly for inclusion
in the Private Placement Memorandum.

6.8 Default Right shall have the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

6.9 Exchange Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

6.10 Face Amount shall mean (i) with respect to any interest-bearing Note, the principal amount of such Note, and (ii) with respect
to any Note sold at a discount, the amount payable with respect to such Note at the maturity thereof.

6.11 Indemnitee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.

6.12 Institutional Accredited Investor shall mean an institutional investor that is an accredited investor within the meaning
of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and that has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of
evaluating and bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Notes, including, but not limited to, a bank, as defined in Section 3(a)(2)
of the Securities Act, or a savings and loan association or other institution, as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act,
whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity.

6.13 Issuer shall mean the entity designated as the Issuer on the cover page of this Agreement.

6.14 Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement shall mean the issuing and paying agency agreement described on the cover page of
this Agreement, or any replacement thereof, as such agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

6.15 Issuing and Paying Agent shall mean the party designated as such on the cover page of this Agreement, or any successor
thereto or replacement thereof, as issuing and paying agent under the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.

6.16 Master Note shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.4.

6.17 Maximum Amount shall mean the maximum of the aggregate Face Amount of the Issuers Notes permitted to be outstanding
under the Program at any time (whether sold through the Dealer or Other Dealers), which such aggregate Face Amount shall equal $1,000,000,000,
unless such amount is increased by the Issuer in accordance with Section 1.8 hereof.

6.18 Money Laundering Laws shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.12.

6.19 Non-bank fiduciary or agent shall mean a fiduciary or agent other than (a) a bank, as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of
the Securities Act, or (b) a savings and loan association, as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act.

6.20 Other Dealer and Other Dealers shall have the meanings set forth in Section 1.2.

14 

6.21 Outstanding Notes shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.9(b).

6.22 Private Placement Memorandum shall mean offering materials prepared in accordance with Section 4 (including materials
referred to therein or incorporated by reference therein, if any) provided to purchasers and prospective purchasers of the Notes, and
shall include amendments and supplements thereto which may be prepared from time to time in accordance with this Agreement (other than
any amendment or supplement that has been completely superseded by a later amendment or supplement).

6.23 Program shall mean the commercial paper program of the Issuer as contemplated by this Agreement and the Issuing and
Paying Agency Agreement.

6.24 Qualified Institutional Buyer shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

6.25 Replacement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.9(a).

6.26 Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.9(a).

6.27 Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section
7.9(a).

6.28 Rule 144A shall mean Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

6.29 SEC shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

6.30 Securities Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

6.31 U.S. Special Resolution Regime shall mean each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

7. General

7.1 Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices under this Agreement to parties hereto shall be in writing and shall be effective
when received at the address of the respective party set forth in the Addendum to this Agreement.

7.2 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict
of laws provisions.

7.3 (a) The Issuer agrees that any suit, action or proceeding brought by the Issuer against the Dealer in connection with or arising out
of this Agreement or the Notes or the offer and sale of the Notes shall be brought solely in the United States federal courts located
in the Borough of Manhattan or the courts of the State of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan. EACH OF THE DEALER AND THE ISSUER
WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(b) The Issuer hereby irrevocably accepts and submits to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of each of the aforesaid courts in personam, generally and unconditionally, for itself and in respect of its
properties, assets and revenues, with respect to any suit, action or proceeding in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or
the Notes or the offer and sale of the Notes.

15 

7.4 This Agreement may be terminated, at any time, by the Issuer, upon one business days prior notice to such effect to the Dealer,
or by the Dealer upon one business days prior notice to such effect to the Issuer. Any such termination, however, shall not affect
the obligations of the Issuer under Sections 3.7, 5 or 7.3 hereof or the respective representations, warranties, agreements, covenants,
rights or responsibilities of the parties made or arising prior to the termination of this Agreement.

7.5 This Agreement is not assignable by either party hereto without the written consent of the other party; provided, however, that the
Dealer may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any affiliate of the Dealer. Any purported assignment made in contravention
of the immediately preceding sentence shall be null and void and of no effect whatsoever.

7.6 This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Each party to this Agreement agrees that the other party may execute its counterpart
of this Agreement by (i) an electronic signature, whether digital or encrypted, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act of New
York, or any similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or (ii) an electronic transmission (including electronic
mail in portable document format (pdf.) form), or other electronic means that reproduces an image of a manually-signed counterpart or
(iii) a digital signature transmitted through DocuSign, Adobe Sign or any other secure portal for digitized signature of documents that
complies with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000. Any such counterpart shall be effective to the same extent as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart of this Agreement and treated as an original manually executed counterpart for all purposes of this Agreement.

7.7 Except as provided in Section 5 with respect to non-party Indemnitees, this Agreement is for the exclusive benefit of the parties
hereto, and their respective permitted successors and assigns hereunder, and shall not be deemed to give any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim to any other person whatsoever; provided, however, that Section 7.3(b) is hereby specifically and expressly acknowledged
to also be for the benefit of the holders from time to time of the Notes, as third-party beneficiaries.

7.8 The Issuer acknowledges and agrees that (i) purchases and sales, or placements, of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement, including
the determination of any prices for the Notes and Dealer compensation, are arm's-length commercial transactions between the Issuer, on
the one hand and the Dealer, on the other, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transactions, the Dealer
is acting solely as a principal and not the agent (except to the extent explicitly set forth herein) or fiduciary of the Issuer or any
of its affiliates, (iii) the Dealer has not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Issuer or any of its affiliates
with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Dealer has advised or is
currently advising the Issuer or any of its affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to the Issuer or any of its affiliates
except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv) the Issuer is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands
and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (v) the Dealer and its affiliates may
be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Issuer and that the Dealer has no obligation
to disclose any of those interests by virtue of any advisory or fiduciary relationship, (vi) the Dealer has not provided any legal, accounting,
regulatory or tax advice with respect to the

16 

transactions contemplated hereby, and (vii) the Issuer has
consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Issuer agrees that it will not claim that the
Dealer has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Issuer, in connection with
such transactions or the process leading thereto. Any review by the Dealer of the Issuer, the transactions contemplated hereby or other
matters relating to such transactions shall be performed solely for the benefit of the Dealer and shall not be on behalf of the Issuer.
This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Issuer and the Dealer with respect
to the issuance and sale of Notes by the Dealer. The Issuer hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims
the Issuer may have against the Dealer with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty arising out of this Agreement.

7.9 (a) The parties hereto agree that the Issuer may, in accordance with the terms of this Section 7.9, from
time to time replace the party which is then acting as Issuing and Paying Agent (the Current Issuing and Paying Agent) with
another party (such other party, the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent), and enter into an agreement with the Replacement
Issuing and Paying Agent covering the provision of issuing and paying agency functions in respect of the Notes by the Replacement Issuing
and Paying Agent (the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement) (any such replacement, a Replacement).

(b) From and after the effective date
of any Replacement, (i) to the extent that the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement provides that the Current Issuing and Paying Agent
will continue to act in respect of Notes outstanding as of the effective date of such Replacement (the Outstanding Notes),
then (A) the Issuing and Paying Agent for the Notes shall be deemed to be the Current Issuing and Paying Agent, in respect
of the Outstanding Notes, and the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent, in respect of Notes issued on or after the Replacement, (B) all
references to the Issuing and Paying Agent hereunder shall be deemed to refer to the Current Issuing and Paying Agent in
respect of the Outstanding Notes, and the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent in respect of Notes issued on or after the Replacement,
and (C) all references to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement hereunder shall be deemed to refer to the existing Issuing
and Paying Agency Agreement, in respect of the Outstanding Notes, and the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, in respect
of Notes issued on or after the Replacement; and (ii) to the extent that the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement does not provide that
the Current Issuing and Paying Agent will continue to act in respect of the Outstanding Notes, then (A) the Issuing and Paying
Agent for the Notes shall be deemed to be the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent, (B) all references to the Issuing and
Paying Agent hereunder shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent, and (C) all references to the Issuing
and Paying Agency Agreement hereunder shall be deemed to refer to the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.

(c) From and after the effective date
of any Replacement, the Issuer shall not issue any Notes hereunder unless and until the Dealer shall have received: (i) a copy of the
executed Replacement Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, (ii) a copy of the executed Letter of Representations among the Issuer, the
Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent and DTC or a copy of the executed Swing Letter from the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent to DTC,
as applicable, as required by DTC, (iii) a copy of each executed Master Note authenticated by the Replacement Issuing and Paying Agent
and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, (iv) an amendment or supplement to or replacement of the Private

17 

Placement Memorandum describing the Replacement
Issuing and Paying Agent as the Issuing and Paying Agent for the Notes, and reflecting any other changes thereto necessary in light of
the Replacement so that the Private Placement Memorandum, as amended , supplemented, or replaced, satisfies the requirements of this Agreement,
and (v) a legal opinion of counsel to the Issuer, addressed to the Dealer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Dealer.

7.10 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree that:

(a) In the event that the Dealer that
is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from the Dealer of this Agreement,
and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under
the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States
or a state of the United States.

(b) In the event that the Dealer that
is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of the Dealer becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default
Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against the Dealer are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default
Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or
a state of the United States.

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement
to be executed as of the date and year first above written.

Rollins, Inc., as Issuer [], as Dealer 

By: By: 

Name: Name: 

Title: Title: 

19 

Addendum

The following additional clauses shall apply to the Agreement and
be deemed a part thereof.

1. The Other Dealers referred to in clause (b) of Section 1.2 of the Agreement are [] and [].

2. The addresses of the respective parties for purposes of notices under Section 7.1 are as follows:

For the Issuer:

Address: 2170 Piedmont Rd. NE, Atlanta, GA 30324 

Attention: Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

Email address: [ ]

For the Dealer:

Address:

Attention:

Telephone number:

Email address: 

20 

Exhibit A

Form of Legend for Private Placement Memorandum and Notes

The
Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any other applicable
securities law, and offers and sales thereof may be made only in compliance with an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. By its acceptance of a Note, the purchaser will be deemed to represent
that it has been afforded an opportunity to investigate matters relating to Rollins, Inc. (the Company) and the Notes, that
it is not acquiring such note with a view to any distribution thereof and that it is either (a) an institutional investor that is an accredited
investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act (an Institutional Accredited Investor) and that either
is purchasing notes for its own account, is a U.S. Bank (as defined in section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act) or a savings and loan association
or other institution (as defined in section 3(a)(5)(a) of the Securities Act) acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity or is a fiduciary
or agent (other than a U.S. bank or savings and loan association or other such institution) purchasing Notes for one or more accounts
each of which is such an Institutional Accredited Investor and with respect to which the purchaser has sole investment discretion; or
(b) a Qualified Institutional Buyer (QIB) within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act that is acquiring notes
for its own account or for one or more accounts, each of which is a QIB and with respect to each of which the purchaser has sole investment
discretion; and the purchaser acknowledges that it is aware that the Seller may rely upon the exemption from the registration provisions
of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. By its acceptance of a Note, the purchaser thereof shall also be deemed to agree
that any resale or other transfer thereof will be made only (a) in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act, either
(1) to the Company or to [] or another
person designated by the Company as a Dealer for the notes (collectively, the Dealers), neither of which shall have any
obligation to acquire such Note, (2) through a Dealer to an Institutional Accredited Investor or a QIB, or (3) to a QIB in a transaction
that meets the requirements of Rule 144A and (b) in minimum amounts of $250,000.

By its purchase of a Note, the purchaser
further represents and agrees that (i) it has knowledge in financial and business matters and is capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of investing in the Notes; (ii) it has had access to such information as the purchaser deems necessary in order to make an informed
investment decision; (iii) although a Dealer may repurchase Notes, no Dealer is obligated to do so, and accordingly, the purchaser should
be prepared to hold such Note until maturity; (iv) it has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from the Issuer
and the Dealer; and (v) it understands that each Note will bear a legend substantially as set forth in capital letters above.

21 

Exhibit B

Statement of Terms for Interest Bearing Commercial Paper
Notes of Rollins, Inc.

THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH BELOW ARE QUALIFIED TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE
BY THE TRANSACTION SPECIFIC PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM SUPPLEMENT (THE SUPPLEMENT) (IF ANY) SENT TO EACH PURCHASER AT
THE TIME OF THE TRANSACTION.

1. General. (a) The obligations of the Issuer to which
these terms apply (each a Note) are represented by one or more Master Notes (each, a Master Note) issued in
the name of (or of a nominee for) The Depository Trust Company (DTC), which Master Notes include the terms and provisions
for the Issuer's Interest-Bearing Commercial Paper Notes that are set forth in this Statement of Terms, since this Statement of Terms
constitutes an integral part of the Underlying Records as defined and referred to in the Master Notes.

(b) Business Day means any day other than a
Saturday or Sunday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, executive
order or regulation to be closed in New York City, unless otherwise specified in the Supplement.

2. Interest. (a) Each Note will bear interest at a
fixed rate (a Fixed Rate Note) or at a floating rate (a Floating Rate Note).

(b) The Supplement sent to each holder of such Note will
describe the following terms: (i) whether such Note is a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note and whether such Note is an Original
Issue Discount Note (as defined below); (ii) the date on which such Note will be issued (the Issue Date); (iii) the Stated
Maturity Date (as defined below); (iv) if such Note is a Fixed Rate Note, the rate per annum at which such Note will bear interest, if
any, and the Interest Payment Dates; (v) if such Note is a Floating Rate Note, the Base Rate, the Index Maturity, the Interest Reset Dates,
the Interest Payment Dates and the Spread and/or Spread Multiplier, if any (all as defined below), and any other terms relating to the
particular method of calculating the interest rate for such Note; and (vi) any other terms applicable specifically to such Note. Original
Issue Discount Note means a Note which has a stated redemption price at the Stated Maturity Date that exceeds its Issue Price by
more than a specified de minimis amount and which the Supplement indicates will be an Original Issue Discount Note.

(c) Each Fixed Rate Note will bear interest from its Issue
Date at the rate per annum specified in the Supplement until the principal amount thereof is paid or made available for payment. Interest
on each Fixed Rate Note will be payable on the dates specified in the Supplement (each an Interest Payment Date for a Fixed
Rate Note) and on the Maturity Date (as defined below). Interest on Fixed Rate Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and
actual days elapsed.

If any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date of a Fixed
Rate Note is on a day that is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, and/or interest will be payable
on the next succeeding Business Day, and no additional interest will accrue in respect of the payment made on that next succeeding Business
Day.

(d) The interest rate on each Floating Rate Note for each
Interest Reset Period (as defined below) will be determined by reference to an interest rate basis (a Base Rate) plus or
minus a number of basis points (one basis point equals one-hundredth of a percentage point) (the Spread), if any, and/or
multiplied by a certain percentage (the Spread Multiplier), if any, until the principal thereof is paid or made available
for payment. The Supplement will designate which of the following Base Rates is applicable to the related Floating Rate Note: (i) the
Commercial Paper Rate (a Commercial Paper Rate Note), (ii) the Federal Funds Rate (a

22 

Federal
Funds Rate Note), (iii) the Prime Rate (a Prime Rate Note), (iv) the Treasury Rate (a Treasury Rate Note)
or (v) such other Base Rate as may be specified in such Supplement.1

The rate of interest on each Floating Rate Note will be reset
daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly or semi-annually (the Interest Reset Period). The date or dates on which interest will
be reset (each, an Interest Reset Date) will be, unless otherwise specified in the Supplement, in the case of Floating Rate
Notes which reset daily, each Business Day; in the case of Floating Rate Notes (other than Treasury Rate Notes) that reset weekly, the
Wednesday of each week; in the case of Treasury Rate Notes that reset weekly, the Tuesday of each week; in the case of Floating Rate Notes
that reset monthly, the third Wednesday of each month; in the case of Floating Rate Notes that reset quarterly, the third Wednesday of
March, June, September and December; and in the case of Floating Rate Notes that reset semiannually, the third Wednesday of the two months
specified in the Supplement. If any Interest Reset Date for any Floating Rate Note is not a Business Day, such Interest Reset Date will
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, except that if such Business Day is in the next succeeding calendar month, such Interest
Reset Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day, unless otherwise specified in the Supplement. Interest on each Floating Rate
Note will be payable monthly, quarterly or semiannually (the Interest Payment Period) and on the Maturity Date. Unless otherwise
specified in the Supplement, and except as provided below, the date or dates on which interest will be payable (each, an Interest
Payment Date for a Floating Rate Note) will be, in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a monthly Interest Payment Period, on the
third Wednesday of each month; in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a quarterly Interest Payment Period, on the third Wednesday of
March, June, September and December; and in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a semiannual Interest Payment Period, on the third Wednesday
of the two months specified in the Supplement. In addition, the Maturity Date will also be an Interest Payment Date.

If any Interest Payment Date for any Floating Rate Note (other
than an Interest Payment Date occurring on the Maturity Date) would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Payment
Date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, except that if such Business Day is in the next succeeding calendar month,
such Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day, unless otherwise specified in the Supplement. If the Maturity
Date of a Floating Rate Note is on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment of principal and interest will be made on the next succeeding
Business Day, and no interest on such payment shall accrue for the period from and after such maturity.

Interest payments on each Interest Payment Date for Floating
Rate Notes will include accrued interest from and including the Issue Date or from and including the last date in respect of which interest
has been paid, as the case may be, to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date. On the Maturity Date, the interest payable on a Floating
Rate Note will include interest accrued to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. Accrued interest will be calculated by multiplying the principal
amount of a Floating Rate Note by an accrued interest factor. This accrued interest factor will be computed by adding the interest factors
calculated for each day in the period for which accrued interest is being calculated. The interest factor (expressed as a decimal) for
each such day will be computed by dividing the interest rate applicable to such day by 360, in the cases where the Base Rate is the Commercial
Paper Rate, Federal Funds Rate or Prime Rate, or by the actual number of days in the year, in the case where the Base Rate is the Treasury
Rate. The interest rate in effect on each day will be (i) if such day is an Interest Reset Date, the interest rate with respect to the
Interest Determination Date (as defined below) pertaining to such Interest Reset Date, or (ii) if such day is not an Interest Reset Date,
the interest rate with respect to the Interest Determination Date pertaining to the next preceding Interest Reset Date, subject in either
case to any adjustment by a Spread and/or a Spread Multiplier.

1 In addition, Notes may be issued utilizing
index rates other than those set forth herein, including, without limitation, SOFR, BSBY, Ameribor, and OBFR, and such index rates may
be incorporated by (i) modifying this Statement of Terms through the Supplement to accommodate such alternative index rates, or (ii)
expressly modifying the Statement of Terms to include such index rates.

23 

The Interest Determination Date where the Base
Rate is the Commercial Paper Rate will be the second Business Day next preceding an Interest Reset Date. The Interest Determination Date
where the Base Rate is the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate will be the Business Day next preceding an Interest Reset Date. The Interest
Determination Date where the Base Rate is the Treasury Rate will be the day of the week in which such Interest Reset Date is when Treasury
Bills are normally auctioned. Treasury Bills are normally sold at auction on Monday of each week, unless that day is a legal holiday,
in which case the auction is held on the following Tuesday or the preceding Friday. If an auction is so held on the preceding Friday,
such Friday will be the Interest Determination Date pertaining to the Interest Reset Date occurring in the next succeeding week. The Interest
Determination Date where the Base Rate is a rate other than a specific rate set forth in this paragraph will be as set forth in the Supplement.

The Index Maturity is the period to maturity
of the instrument or obligation from which the applicable Base Rate is calculated.

The Calculation Date, where applicable, shall
be the earlier of (i) the tenth calendar day following the applicable Interest Determination Date or (ii) the Business Day preceding the
applicable Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date.

All times referred to herein reflect New York City time,
unless otherwise specified.

The Issuer shall specify in writing to the Issuing and Paying
Agent which party will be the calculation agent (the Calculation Agent) with respect to the Floating Rate Notes. The Calculation
Agent will provide the interest rate then in effect and, if determined, the interest rate which will become effective on the next Interest
Reset Date with respect to such Floating Rate Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent as soon as the interest rate with respect to such Floating
Rate Note has been determined and as soon as practicable after any change in such interest rate.

All percentages resulting from any calculation on Floating
Rate Notes will be rounded to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with five-one millionths of a percentage point
rounded upwards. For example, 9.876545% (or .09876545) would be rounded to 9.87655% (or .0987655). All dollar amounts used in or resulting
from any calculation on Floating Rate Notes will be rounded, in the case of U.S. dollars, to the nearest cent or, in the case of a foreign
currency, to the nearest unit (with one-half cent or unit being rounded upwards).

Commercial Paper Rate Notes

Commercial Paper Rate means the Money Market Yield (calculated
as described below) of the rate on any Interest Determination Date for commercial paper having the Index Maturity, as published by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB) in Statistical Release, Commercial Paper Rates and Outstanding Summary
or any successor publication of the FRB (Commercial Paper Rates and Outstanding Summary), available through the world wide
website of the FRB at https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/cp/default.htm, or any successor site or publication or other recognized
source used for the purpose of displaying the applicable rate under the heading Rates [AA nonfinancial][AA financial]2.

If the above rate is not published in Commercial Paper Rates and
Outstanding Summary by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Calculation Date, then the Commercial Paper Rate will be the Money Market
Yield of the rate on such Interest Determination Date for commercial paper of the Index Maturity published in the daily update of H.15
Daily Update, available through the world wide website of the FRB at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15/, or any successor site
or publication or other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying the applicable rate (H.15 Daily Update)
under the heading Commercial Paper-

2 Choose based on nature of Issuer.

24 

[Financial][Nonfinancial].

If by 3:00 p.m. on such Calculation Date such rate is not published
in H.15 Daily Update, then the Calculation Agent will determine the Commercial Paper Rate to be the Money Market Yield of the arithmetic
mean of the offered rates as of 11:00 a.m. on such Interest Determination Date of three leading dealers of U.S. dollar commercial paper
in New York City selected by the Calculation Agent for commercial paper of the Index Maturity placed for an industrial issuer whose bond
rating is AA, or the equivalent, from a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.

If the dealers selected by the Calculation Agent are not quoting
as mentioned above, the Commercial Paper Rate with respect to such Interest Determination Date will remain the Commercial Paper Rate then
in effect on such Interest Determination Date.

Money Market Yield will be a yield calculated
in accordance with the following formula:

where D refers to the applicable per annum
rate for commercial paper quoted on a bank discount basis and expressed as a decimal and M refers to the actual number of
days in the interest period for which interest is being calculated.

Federal Funds Rate Notes

Federal Funds Rate means the rate on any Interest
Determination Date for federal funds as available through the FRB Website, as displayed on Bloomberg screen FEDL01 Index page on such
date (Bloomberg Screen Page).

If the above rate does not appear on the FRB Website or the
Bloomberg Screen Page or is not so published by 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, the Federal Funds Rate will be the rate on such Interest
Determination Date as published in H.15 Daily Update under the heading Federal Funds/(Effective).

If such rate is not published as described above by 3:00
p.m. on the Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the Federal Funds Rate to be the arithmetic mean of the rates for the
last transaction in overnight U.S. dollar federal funds arranged by each of three leading brokers of Federal Funds transactions in New
York City selected by the Calculation Agent prior to 9:00 a.m. on such Interest Determination Date.

If the brokers selected by the Calculation Agent are not
quoting as mentioned above, the Federal Funds Rate will remain the Federal Funds Rate then in effect on such Interest Determination Date.

FRB Website means the world wide website of
the FRB at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15/, or any successor site or publication
or other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying the H.15 Daily Update.

Prime Rate Notes

Prime Rate means the rate on any Interest Determination
Date as published in H.15 Daily Update under the heading Bank Prime Loan.

25 

If the above rate is not published in H.15 Daily Update prior
to 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, then the Prime Rate will be the rate on such Interest Determination Date as published in H.15 Daily
Update opposite the caption Bank Prime Loan.

If the rate is not published prior to 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation
Date in H.15 Daily Update, then the Calculation Agent will determine the Prime Rate to be the arithmetic mean of the rates of interest
publicly announced by each bank that appears on the Reuters Screen US PRIME1 Page (as defined below) as such banks prime rate or
base lending rate as of 11:00 a.m., on that Interest Determination Date.

If fewer than four such rates referred to above are so published
by 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the Prime Rate to be the arithmetic mean of the prime rates
or base lending rates quoted on the basis of the actual number of days in the year divided by 360 as of the close of business on such
Interest Determination Date by three major banks in New York City selected by the Calculation Agent.

If the banks selected are not quoting as mentioned above,
the Prime Rate will remain the Prime Rate in effect on such Interest Determination Date.

Reuters Screen US PRIME1 Page means the display
designated as page US PRIME1 on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or such other page as may replace the US PRIME1
page on that service for the purpose of displaying prime rates or base lending rates of major United States banks).

Treasury Rate Notes

Treasury Rate means:

(1) the rate from the auction held on the Interest Determination
Date (the Auction) of direct obligations of the United States (Treasury Bills) having the Index Maturity specified
in the Supplement under the caption INVEST RATE on the display on the Reuters Page designated as USAUCTION10 (or any other
page as may replace that page on that service) or the Reuters Page designated as USAUCTION11 (or any other page as may replace that page
on that service), or

(2) if the rate referred to in clause (1) is not so published
by 3:00 p.m. on the related Calculation Date, the Bond Equivalent Yield (as defined below) of the rate for the applicable Treasury Bills
as published in H.15 Daily Update, under the caption U.S. Government Securities/Treasury Bills/Auction High, or

(3) if the rate referred to in clause (2) is not so published
by 3:00 p.m. on the related Calculation Date, the Bond Equivalent Yield of the auction rate of the applicable Treasury Bills as announced
by the United States Department of the Treasury, or

(4) if the rate referred to in clause (3) is not so announced
by the United States Department of the Treasury, or if the Auction is not held, the Bond Equivalent Yield of the rate on the particular
Interest Determination Date of the applicable Treasury Bills as published in H.15 Daily Update under the caption U.S. Government
Securities/Treasury Bills/Secondary Market, or

(5) if the rate referred to in clause (4) is not so published
by 3:00 p.m. on the related Calculation Date, the rate on the particular Interest Determination Date of the applicable Treasury Bills
as published in H.15 Daily Update, under the caption U.S. Government Securities/Treasury Bills/Secondary Market, or

(6) if the rate referred to in clause (5) is not so published
by 3:00 p.m. on the related Calculation Date, the rate on the particular Interest Determination Date calculated by the Calculation Agent

26 

as
the Bond Equivalent Yield of the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid rates, as of approximately 3:30 p.m. on that Interest Determination
Date, of three primary United States government securities dealers selected by the Calculation Agent, for the issue of Treasury Bills
with a remaining maturity closest to the Index Maturity specified in the Supplement, or

(7) if the dealers so selected by the Calculation Agent are
not quoting as mentioned in clause (6), the Treasury Rate in effect on the particular Interest Determination Date.

Bond Equivalent Yield means a yield (expressed
as a percentage) calculated in accordance with the following formula:

where D refers to the applicable per annum
rate for Treasury Bills quoted on a bank discount basis and expressed as a decimal, N refers to 365 or 366, as the case
may be, and M refers to the actual number of days in the applicable Interest Reset Period.

"Reuters Page" means the display on Thomson Reuters
Eikon, or any successor service, on the page or pages specified in this Statement of Terms or the Supplement, or any replacement page
on that service.

3. Final Maturity. The Stated
Maturity Date for any Note will be the date so specified in the Supplement, which shall be no later than 397 days from the date of issuance.
On its Stated Maturity Date, or any date prior to the Stated Maturity Date on which the particular Note becomes due and payable by the
declaration of acceleration, each such date being referred to as a Maturity Date, the principal amount of such Note, together with accrued
and unpaid interest thereon, will be immediately due and payable.

4. Events of Default.
The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default with respect to a Note: (i) default in any
payment of principal of or interest on such Note (including on a redemption thereof); (ii) the Issuer makes any compromise
arrangement with its creditors generally including the entering into any form of moratorium with its creditors generally; (iii) a
court having jurisdiction shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer in an involuntary case under any
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or there shall be appointed a receiver,
administrator, liquidator, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar officer) with respect to the whole or substantially the
whole of the assets of the Issuer and any such decree, order or appointment is not removed, discharged or withdrawn within 60 days
thereafter; or (iv) the Issuer shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now
or hereafter in effect, or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the
appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, administrator, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or
similar official), with respect to the whole or substantially the whole of the assets of the Issuer or make any general assignment
for the benefit of creditors. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the principal of such Note (together with interest accrued
and unpaid thereon) shall become, without any notice or demand, immediately due and payable.3

5. Obligation Absolute. No provision
of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement under which the Notes are issued shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which
is absolute and

3 Unlike single payment notes, where a default arises only at the stated
maturity, interest-bearing notes with multiple payment dates should contain a default provision permitting acceleration of the maturity
if the Issuer defaults on an interest payment.

27 

unconditional,
to pay the principal of and interest on each Note at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

6. Supplement. Any term contained
in the Supplement shall supersede any conflicting term contained herein.

28 

EXHIBIT C

Notification Letter for an Increase in the
Maximum Amount

[_____________], 20[__]

To: [__], as Dealer

cc. U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Issuing and Paying Agent

Re: Commercial Paper
Program of [Insert Name of Issuer]

Ladies and Gentlemen,

We refer to a commercial
paper dealer agreement, dated as of [ ], (as amended, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time, the Dealer Agreement)
between Rollins, Inc., as Issuer, and you, as Dealer, relating to a commercial paper program with a Maximum Amount of $1,000,000,000 as
of the date hereof.

Capitalized terms used in
this letter shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Dealer Agreement.

In accordance with Section
1.8 of the Dealer Agreement, we hereby notify you that the Maximum Amount shall be increased from $1,000,000,000 to [_________], effective
on [_____________], 20[__], subject to the delivery to you and the Issuing and Paying Agent of the following documents:

(i) a certificate from a duly authorized officer of the Issuer confirming that no changes have been made to
the organizational documents of the Issuer since the date of the Dealer Agreement or, if there have been any changes, a certified copy
of the related organizational documents currently in force;

(ii) certified copies of all documents evidencing the internal authorization and approval required for such
an increase in the Maximum Amount;

(iii) an updated or supplemental Private Placement Memorandum reflecting the increase in the Maximum Amount
of the Program;

(iv) a legal opinion of counsel to the Issuer, addressed to the Dealer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Dealer; and

(v) evidence from each nationally recognized statistical rating organization providing a rating of the Notes
either (A) that such rating has been confirmed after giving effect to the increase in the Maximum Amount or (B) setting forth any change
in the rating of the Notes after giving effect to the increase in the Maximum Amount.

By its execution hereof,
the Issuer shall be deemed to represent and warrant that its representations and warranties in the Dealer Agreement are true and correct
on and as of the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof and shall be true and correct after giving effect to the increase
of the Maximum Amount.

[Signature Page Follows]

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer
has caused this Letter to be executed as of the date and year first above written.

Rollins, Inc., 

as Issuer 

Name: 

Title: 

30
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>eh250606258_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.2

EXECUTION VERSION

AMENDMENT NO. 1

Dated as of March 21, 2025

to

CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of February 24, 2023

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 (this
Amendment) is made as of March 21, 2025 by and among ROLLINS, INC. a Delaware corporation (the Company),
the Lenders party hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent), under
that certain Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023, by and among the Borrower, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to
time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement; the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this
Amendment, the Credit Agreement). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective
meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

WHEREAS, the Company desires,
and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed, to release all of the now existing Subsidiary Guarantors (the Existing
Subsidiary Guarantors) from their obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement,
the Existing Subsidiary Guaranty) on the terms and conditions set forth herein;

WHEREAS, the Company, the
Lenders and the Administrative Agent have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to enter into this Amendment.

1.Amendments to the Credit Agreement. Subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 below:

(a)Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following definitions in the appropriate alphabetical
order:

Amendment
No. 1 Effective Date means March 21, 2025.

(b)The following definitions in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety as
follows:

Subsidiary
Guarantor means each Subsidiary that is a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty.

Subsidiary
Guaranty means (a) prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, that certain Guaranty dated as of the Effective Date (including
any and all supplements thereto) and executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor party thereto and (b) any other guaranty executed by each

Subsidiary Guarantor after the Amendment
No. 1 Effective Date in accordance with Section 5.10(a) of this Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the
Lenders, to be substantially in form of the Subsidiary Guaranty described in the immediately preceding clause (a) or otherwise in form
and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

(c)Section 5.10(a) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

(a) 
On or prior to
the date on which any Subsidiary that is not then a Subsidiary Guarantor becomes a borrower or a guarantor in respect of any Material
Indebtedness of the Company or its Domestic Subsidiaries, the Company shall cause each such Subsidiary to deliver to the Administrative
Agent a Subsidiary Guaranty (or joinder thereto) pursuant to which such Subsidiary agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions thereof,
such Subsidiary Guaranty to be accompanied by appropriate authorizing resolutions, other organizational documentation and, if requested
by the Administrative Agent, legal opinions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Receivables Entity shall be required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor.

(d)Section 9.19(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

(b) Further,
the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to), upon the request of the Company, release any
Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if such Subsidiary Guarantor is no longer a borrower or a guarantor
in respect of any Material Indebtedness of the Company or its Domestic Subsidiaries.

(e) 
Section
2.06(c) of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:

(c) 
Expiration
Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary
thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) (x) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter
of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension of the expiration date thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) or (y)
such later date that the Administrative Agent and applicable Issuing Bank may approve in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) the date
that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

2.Release of Subsidiary Guarantors. On the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, (a) each Existing Subsidiary Guarantor shall
be automatically released and discharged from its obligations as a Subsidiary Guarantor under and as defined in the Existing
Subsidiary Guaranty and (b) the Existing Subsidiary Guaranty shall terminate and be of no further force or effect other than those provisions
therein that specifically survive termination. The Administrative Agent hereby further agrees, at the reasonable request of the Borrower
and at its cost and expense, at any time and from time to time, to take all such actions as may be reasonably requested in order to more
effectively evidence, confirm or carry out the release described in this Section 2.

3.Conditions of Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following
conditions precedent (the date such conditions are satisfied, the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date):

(a)The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment

2 

duly executed by the Company, each Lender and
the Administrative Agent;

(b)Each Existing Subsidiary Guarantor shall have been or shall substantially concurrently be released from its obligations as a guarantor
of the Companys 5.250% Senior Notes due 2035 and any other obligations under the Indenture dated as of February 24, 2025 among
the Company, as the issuer thereunder, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Regions Bank, as trustee; and

(c)The Administrative Agent shall have received payment of the Administrative Agents and its affiliates fees and reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent) required to be paid
by the Borrower on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date pursuant to the Loan Documents, including this Amendment (in the case of expenses,
to the extent invoiced at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date).

4.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(a)This Amendment and the Credit Agreement as modified hereby constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable
in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme
of arrangement or otherwise), liquidation, composition, compromise, assignment, examinership, suspension of payments, dissolution, moratorium
or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law.

(b)As of the date hereof and after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct in
all material respects (or in all respects if any such representation or warranty is qualified by material or Material
Adverse Effect) with the same effect as though made on and as of the date hereof (it being understood and agreed that any representation
or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date is true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if such
representation or warranty is qualified by material or Material Adverse Effect) only as of such specified
date).

5.Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement.

(a)Upon the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Credit Agreement in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall
mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby.

(b)The Credit Agreement and, with the exception of the Existing Subsidiary Guaranty, all other documents, instruments and agreements
executed and/or delivered in connection therewith shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. In furtherance
of the foregoing, each Loan Party reaffirms its obligations under the Credit Agreement and each and every other Loan Document (except
for the Existing Subsidiary Guaranty) to which it is a party.

(c)The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the
Administrative Agent or the Lenders except to the extent of the amendment of the Credit Agreement effected hereby, nor constitute a waiver
of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith.

3 

(d) This Amendment is a Loan Document.

6.Governing Law. This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by and construed in accordance with
the law of the State of New York.

7.Headings. Section headings in this Amendment used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this
Amendment and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment.

8.Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement. The words execution, signed,
signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and/or any document to be signed
in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries
or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually
executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic
Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted
by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Section
9.06(b) of the Credit Agreement apply to this Amendment.

9.No Novation. Except as set forth in Section 2 of this Amendment with respect to the liability of the Existing Subsidiary
Guarantors under the Existing Subsidiary Guaranty, neither the execution, delivery and acceptance of this Amendment nor any of the terms,
covenants, conditions or other provisions set forth herein are intended, nor shall they be deemed or construed, to effect a novation of
any Obligations or to pay, extinguish, release, satisfy or discharge (a) the Obligations or (b) the liability of any Loan Party under
the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents executed and delivered in connection therewith or any Obligations.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this
Amendment has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

ROLLINS, INC., as the Company 

By: /s/ Brady Knudsen 

Name: Brady Knudsen 

Title: VP, Treasurer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent and a Lender 

By: /s/ Jackie Castillo 

Name: Jackie Castillo 

Title: Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 

By: /s/ Nathan Muller 

Name: Nathan Muller 

Title: 

SVP 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Sam Schuessler 

Name: 

Sam Schuessler 

Title: 

Principal 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Brad Johnston 

Name: 

Brad Johnston 

Title: 

Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Thomas P. Coffey 

Name: 

Thomas P. Coffey 

Title: 

Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as a Lender 

By: /s/ Margaret Stock 

Name: 

Margaret Stock 

Title: 

Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

REGIONS BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Sankar R. Nair 

Name: 

Sankar R. Nair 

Title: 

Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Corey Coward 

Name: 

Corey Coward 

Title: 

Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Ketak Sampat 

Name: 

Ketak Sampat 

Title: 

Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.

Acknowledged and agreed: 

ORKIN, LLC

CLARK PEST CONTROL OF STOCKTON, INC.

HOMETEAM PEST DEFENSE, INC.

NORTHWEST EXTERMINATING CO., LLC 

By: /s/ Andrew Light 

Name: 

Andrew Light 

Title: 

Treasurer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to

Credit Agreement

Rollins, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>formula.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>formula2.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rol-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>rol-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>rol-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 1-4422

Entity Registrant Name ROLLINS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000084839

Entity Tax Identification Number 51-0068479

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2170 Piedmont Road, N.E.

Entity Address, City or Town Atlanta

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 30324

City Area Code 404

Local Phone Number 888-2000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value Per Share

Trading Symbol ROL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rollins.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

eh250606258_8k.htm 
rol-20250321.xsd 
rol-20250321_lab.xml 
rol-20250321_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000950142-25-000808-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>eh250606258_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000084839 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000084839 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
ROLLINS, INC. 
DE 
1-4422 
51-0068479 
2170 Piedmont Road, N.E. 
Atlanta 
GA 
30324 
404 
888-2000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value Per Share 
ROL 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>