<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-001280.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-001280.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103164338
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-001280
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			European Wax Center, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001856236
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				863150064
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0106

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40714
		FILM NUMBER:		25507195

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5830 GRANITE PARKWAY, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		469-264-8123

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5830 GRANITE PARKWAY, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ewcz-20241227.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001856236European Wax Center, Inc.00018562362024-12-272024-12-27

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 27, 2024

EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-40714 

86-3150064

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

5830 Granite Parkway, 3rd Floor 

Plano, Texas 

75024

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:(469)264-8123

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share 

EWCZ 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

On December 27, 2024, European Wax Center, Inc. (the Company) issued to dolabra holdings llc, an affiliate of dolabra digital llc (dolabra), 300,000 restricted shares (the Restricted Stock) of Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 (the Common Stock), and warrants to purchase an aggregate amount of 2,730,000 shares of Common Stock in five tranches at the amounts and strike prices as set forth below (the Warrants and together with the Restricted Stock, the Securities):

Warrant Tranche 

Number of Warrants 

Strike Price

Tranche 1 

365,000 

$6.24

Tranche 2 

365,000 

$9.00

Tranche 3 

500,000 

$12.00

Tranche 4 

750,000 

$17.00

Tranche 5 

750,000 

$19.00

The Restricted Stock will vest as follows: (i) 100,000 shares upon the earlier of (1) December 27, 2025 and (2) the Company reporting system wide sales (SWS) of $1.1 billion; (ii) 100,000 shares upon the earlier of (1) December 27, 2026 and (2) the Company reporting SWS of $1.25 billion; and (iii) 100,000 shares on the earlier of (1) December 27, 2027 and (2) the Company reporting SWS of $1.4 billion. The Warrants will vest as follows (i) one-half of the Warrants shall vest on April 1, 2025 and (ii) thereafter, one-sixth of the Warrant shall vest at the end of each subsequent six-month period following the initial vesting on April 1, 2025. The vesting of the Restricted Stock and Warrants are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of a change of control transaction.

The Securities were issued to dolabra in consideration for the provision of professional services by dolabra to the Company. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction not involving a public offering.

The foregoing summary of the terms of the Securities does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference, and the Form of Warrant, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and is incorporated by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 

Restricted Stock Award Agreement, dated December 27, 2024 by and between dolabra holdings llc and the Company.

10.2 

Form of dolabra Warrant.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

Date: 

January 3, 2025 

By: 

/s/ GAVIN M. O'CONNOR

Name: Gavin M. O'Connor

Title: Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ewcz-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1

European Wax Center, Inc.

Notice of RESTRICTED STOCK Grant

Grantee:

dolabra holdings llc

# of Shares of Restricted Class A Common Stock:

300,000

Date of Grant:

December 27, 2024

Vesting Schedule:

The Restricted Stock shall vest in accordance with terms of the Award Agreement attached hereto as Annex I. Upon vesting, the Restricted Stock shall no longer be subject to forfeiture pursuant to Section 1 of the Award Agreement.

By signing your name below, you accept the Restricted Stock and acknowledge and agree that the Restricted Stock is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Award Agreement set forth on Annex I.

DOLABRA HOLDINGS LLC 

European Wax Center, Inc.

By:/s/ Mark Pinho 

By: 

/s/ David Berg

Title: Managing Member 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer

Annex I

EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT

Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Grant Notice (Grant Notice) and this Award Agreement, European Wax Center, Inc. (together with its Subsidiaries, whether existing or thereafter acquired or formed, and any and all successor entities, the Company) has granted the Grantee shares of Restricted Class A Common Stock (the Shares) indicated in the Grant Notice (the Award). The Shares are granted to the Grantee effective as of the Date of Grant.

1. Vesting. The term vest as used herein with respect to the Shares or any portion thereof means to become nonforfeitable and the term vested as applied to the Shares or any portion thereof means that the Shares (or such portion) are then nonforfeitable. To the extent not fully vested, the Shares are subject to forfeiture as set forth in Section 12(b) of the Statement of Work #1, by and between Grantee and EWC Ventures (EWC Ventures), dated as of December 27, 2024 (the SOW). The Shares shall vest as follows (each date a Vesting Date):

(a)

100,000 Shares upon the earlier of (1) the first (1st) anniversary of the effective date of the SOW and (2) the Company reporting system wide sales (SWS) of $1.1 billion; 

(b)

100,000 Shares upon the earlier of (1) the second (2nd) anniversary of the effective date of the SOW and (2) the Company reporting SWS of $1.25 billion; and

(c)

100,000 Shares on the earlier of (1) the third (3rd) anniversary of the effective date of the SOW and (2) the Company reporting SWS of $1.4 billion.

SWS shall be based on sales as reported in the Companys public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (or if Company is no longer publicly traded, then based on audit reports of sales consistent with past practices). The above SWS vesting thresholds shall be measured as of the end of each fiscal year of the Company beginning with fiscal year 2025.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Award Agreement, in the event of a termination of the SOW by EWC Ventures, the Shares shall vest in accordance with Section 12(b)(iii) of the SOW, and the remaining unvested portion of this Award shall be forfeited.

2. Rights as a Stockholder. Subject to the terms of this Award Agreement, the Grantee will be the record owner of the Shares unless or until they are forfeited or transferred pursuant to this Award Agreement or otherwise disposed of, and as the record owner will be entitled to all rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote such Shares and receive all dividends or other distributions paid with respect to such Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Board, any dividends or other distributions will subject to the same restrictions as the Shares with respect to which they were paid and will be withheld by the Company and paid to the Grantee at such time as the Shares with respect to which they were paid have vested. The Company acknowledges and agrees to be bound by and subject to the obligations of Section 7(e) of the SOW.

3. Change of Control Transaction. If, at any time while this Award is outstanding, a Change of Control (as defined in Section 12(c)(iii) of the SOW) occurs, then the unvested portion of this Award shall automatically accelerate and become fully vested immediately prior to the effective time of such Change of Control.

4. Changes in Capital Structure and Similar Events. In the event of (a) any dividend (other than regular cash dividends) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.00001 (Common Stock), other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to acquire Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a Change of Control) that affects the Common Stock or (b) unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without limitation, a Change of Control) affecting the Company, any affiliate, or the financial statements of the

Company or any affiliate, or changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements of any governmental body or securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service, accounting principles or law, such that in any case an adjustment is determined by the Board to be necessary or appropriate, then the Board shall make any such adjustments in such manner as it may deem equitable, including, without limitation, any or all of the following:

(a)

adjusting any or all of (i) the number of Shares that may be delivered pursuant to this Award Agreement and (ii) the terms of this Award Agreement, including, without limitation, the number of Shares subject to this Award Agreement;

(b)

providing for a substitution or assumption of this Award, accelerating the delivery, vesting and/or exercisability of, lapse of restrictions and/or other conditions on, or termination of, this Award; and

(c)

cancelling this Award Agreement and causing to be paid to the Grantee, in cash, Common Stock, other securities or other property, or any combination thereof, the value of such Award, if any, as determined by the Board (which, if applicable, may be based upon the price per share of Common Stock received or to be received by other stockholders of the Company in such event).

Any such adjustment hereunder, upon notice, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes.

5. Taxes. The Grantee shall be solely responsible for any applicable taxes (including, without limitation, income and excise taxes) and penalties, and any interest that accrues thereon, that the Grantee incurs in connection with the receipt, vesting or settlement of the Shares granted hereunder.

6. Legends. The Shares shall bear a legend in the form of the following in addition to any other information the Company deems appropriate:

TRANSFER OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY IS RESTRICTED PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 27, 2024 BETWEEN EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC. AND DOLABRA HOLDINGS LLC. A COPY OF SUCH AWARD AGREEMENT IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF EUROPEAN WAX CENTER, INC.

Promptly following the applicable Vesting Date (and no later than the thirtieth (30th) day following the applicable Vesting Date) of any Shares bearing such legends, the Company shall cause a certificate or certificates covering such Shares, without such legend, to be issued and delivered to the Grantee. If such Shares are held in book entry form, the Company shall take such steps as it deems necessary or appropriate to record and manifest the restrictions applicable to such Shares.

7. Representations of the Company. The Company is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, and has all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets. The Company has full power and authority to enter into this Award Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder, carry out its obligations hereunder and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Company. This Award Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder have been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and (assuming due authorization, executions and delivery by the Grant) this Award Agreement and the documents to be delivered hereunder constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Award Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, does not and will not (a) violate any provision of the organizational documents of the Company, (b) conflict with, or result in the breach of, or constitute a default under, any contract to which the Company is a party or bound, or (c) violate any law in which the Company is subject to. The Shares have been validly authorized by the Company and when issued in accordance with this Award Agreement will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

2

8. Miscellaneous.

(a)

Compliance with Legal Requirements. The granting of the Shares, and any other obligations of the Company under this Award Agreement, shall be subject to all applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, all applicable non-U.S. laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. The Grantee agrees to take all steps that the Board or the Company determines are reasonably necessary to comply with all applicable provisions of U.S. federal and state securities law and non-U.S. securities law in exercising the Grantees rights under this Award Agreement.

(b)

Transferability. This Award Agreement may not be assigned by the Grantee, other than to Affiliates of the initial Grantee, without the written consent of the Company.

(c)

Waiver. No amendment or modification of any provision of this Award Agreement shall be effective unless signed in writing by or on behalf of the Company and the Grantee. No waiver of any breach or condition of this Award Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or condition whether of like or different nature. Any amendment or modification of or to any provision of this Award Agreement, or any waiver of any provision of this Award Agreement, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given.

(d)

Notices. All notices, requests and other communications under this Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered in person (by courier or otherwise), mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested to the contact details below. The parties may use e-mail delivery, so long as the message is clearly marked, sent to the e-mail address(es) set forth below.

if to the Company, to:

European Wax Center, Inc.

5830 Granite Pkwy, 3rd Floor

Plano, TX 75024

Telephone: [ ]

Email: [ ]

Attention: Gavin OConnor

if to the Grantee, to:

dolabra holdings llc

1640 Boro Place, 4th Floor

McLean, VA 22102

Telephone: [ ]

Email: [ ]

Attention: Mark Pinho

or to such other address or e-mail address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other parties hereto.

(e) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Award Agreement, and each other provision of this Award Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law.

(f) Successors. The terms of this Award Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns, and of the Grantee and its successors and assigns.

(g) Entire Agreement. The Grantee hereby accepts the grant of Shares and agrees to be bound by its contractual terms as set forth herein. The Grantee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions and interpretations of the Board regarding any questions relating to the Shares. This

3

Award Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Grantee and the Company on the subject matter hereof and supersedes all proposals, written or oral, and all other communications between the parties relating to such subject matter.

(h) Governing Law. This Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

(i) Dispute Resolution; Consent to Jurisdiction. The Grantee and the Company agree that any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with this Award Agreement (whether brought by any party or any of its Affiliates or against any party or any of its Affiliates) shall be brought in the United States federal and state courts in Delaware, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ewcz-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

EXHIBIT 10.2

THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT (THE SECURITIES) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION).

FORM OF WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

Number of Shares: [] (subject to adjustment)

Warrant No. [] Original Issue Date: December 27, 2024

European Wax Center, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, dolabra holdings llc or its registered assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company up to a total of []shares of Class A common stock, $0.00001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at an exercise price per share equal to $[] (the Exercise Price), in each case as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9 hereof, upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after the Initial Vesting Date (as defined below) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on December 27, 2034 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter.

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the

following meanings:

Affiliatemeans, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediates, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person.

Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder, (ii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder or any Attribution Parties and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders and/or any other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 12(c)(iii) of the SOW.

Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the last trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Group shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and all related rules, regulations and jurisprudence.

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization.

Principal Trading Market means the national securities exchange or other trading market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading, which, as of the Original Issue Date, shall be the Nasdaq Global Select Market.

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

SOW means that certain Statement of Work #1, by and between Holder and EWC Ventures, dated as of December 27, 2024.

Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for the Principal Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock that is in effect on the date of delivery of an applicable Exercise Notice, which as of the Original Issue Date was T+1.

Trading Day means any weekday on which the Principal Trading Market is normally open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the

2

Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the Companys transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock, and any successor appointed in such capacity.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2. Issuance of Securities; Registration of Warrants. The Company shall register

ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is permissibly assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

3. Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance with all applicable securities

laws, the Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, register the transfer of all or any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and payment for all applicable transfer taxes (if any). Upon any such registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase Common Stock in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. The Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, prepare, issue and deliver at the Companys own expense any New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary.

4. Vesting and Exercise of Warrants.

3

(a)

All or any part of this Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant (including Section 11) at any time and from time to time on or after the Initial Vesting Date (as defined below) and on or before the Termination Date. To the extent not fully vested, this Warrant is subject to forfeiture as set forth in Section 12(b) of the SOW. The Warrant shall vest as follows:

(i) One-half of the Warrant shall vest on April 1, 2025 (the Initial Vesting Date); and

(ii) Thereafter, one-sixth of the Warrant shall vest at the end of each subsequent six-month period following the Initial Vesting Date; 

provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing:

(A)

If the SOW is terminated by Customer for any reason (other than pursuant to Section 12(a) thereof), then that unvested portion of this Warrant that, absent such termination, would have vested pursuant to Section 4(a) hereof at the end of the then current vesting period, shall vest pro rata based the number of days elapsed in such vesting period through the effective date of termination (including any transition period) relative to total number of days in such period, and the remaining unvested portion of this Warrant shall be forfeited;

(B)

If the SOW is terminated pursuant to Section 12(a) thereof, then two-thirds of this Warrant (inclusive of any portion of this Warrant that is then vested) shall vest, and one-third of this Warrant shall be forfeited; 

(C)

If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, a Change of Control occurs in accordance with terms of the SOW, then the unvested portion of the Warrant shall automatically accelerate and become fully vested immediately prior to the effective time of such Change of Control.

(b)

Following the Initial Vesting Date, the Holder may exercise this Warrant, to the extent vested, by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 (the Exercise Notice), completed and duly signed, (ii) payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised (which shall take the form of a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 10 below unless otherwise indicated in the Exercise Notice), and (iii) any conditions to the exercise of this Warrant, and the date on which the last of such items is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions hereof) is an Exercise Date. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent (x) this Warrant is vested but not exercised, and (y) the Closing Sale Price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the Termination Date exceeds the Exercise Price or the consideration to be received by the holders of Common Stock in any Change of Control exceeds the Exercise Price, this Warrant shall be exercised automatically on a cashless basis immediately prior to the Termination Date or the effectiveness of any Change of Control, unless Holder otherwise notifies the Company in writing.

4

(c)

The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this section, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(d)

The Company acknowledges and agrees to be bound by and subject to the obligations of Section 7(e) of the SOW.

5. Delivery of Warrant Shares. Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following the Exercise Date), upon the request of the Holder, cause the Transfer Agent to credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock specified by the Holder in the Exercise Notice and to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (the Exercise Shares) to (a) the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system or (b) in book-entry form via a direct registration system (DRS) maintained by or on behalf of the Transfer Agent, in each case, so long as either (i) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or the resale of such Warrant Shares by the Holder or (ii) the Exercise Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (assuming cashless exercise of this Warrant). The Holder, or any Person so designated by the Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account or the date of the book entry positions, as the case may be. Nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Exercise Shares.

6.

Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance and delivery of Exercise Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any Warrant Shares or the Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

7.

Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case, a customary and reasonable contractual indemnity, if requested by the Company. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant to the Company as a condition precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant.

5

8.

Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that it will, at all times while this Warrant is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 9). The Company further represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that (a) it is corporation duly organized, validly existing and good standing under laws of the State of Delaware; (b) it has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Warrant, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transaction contemplated hereby; (c) this Warrant has been duly authorized and is validly issued; (d) that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and non-assessable; and (e) execution, delivery or performance of this Warrant by the Company does not, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not, (i) violate the organizational documents of the Company or any law applicable to the Company, (ii) require any consent or approval of, notice to or filing with any governmental authority or other person, or (iii) conflict with, result in a breach or violation of or the acceleration of any obligation under any material contract to which the Company is a party. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such shares of Common Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company further covenants that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Holder, take any actions to increase the par value of the Common Stock at any time while this Warrant is outstanding.

9.

Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (the Number of Warrant Shares) are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 9.

(a)

Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock issued and outstanding on the Original Issue Date and in accordance with the terms of such stock on the Original Issue Date or as amended, that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares of Common Stock, (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of capital stock any additional shares of Common Stock of the Company, then in each such case the Number of Warrant Shares shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor, the Number of Warrant Shares shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such 

6

dividends. Any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision, combination or issuance.

(b)

Pro Rata Distributions. If, on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other pro rata distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property, options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any distribution of shares of Common Stock subject to Section 9(a),any distribution of Purchase Rights (as defined below) subject to Section 9(c) (a Distribution) then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage (as defined below)) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

(c)

Purchase Rights. If at any time on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property, in each case pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and at the Holders election, in its sole discretion, either (1) such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum 

7

Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right to be held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation) or (2) the Company shall offer the Holder the right upon exercise of such Purchase Right to acquire a security (e.g. a pre-funded warrant) that would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage but will otherwise to the extent possible have economic and other rights, preferences and privileges substantially consistent and on par with the securities or other property issuable upon exercise of the originally offered Purchase Rights. As used in this Section 9(c), (i) Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities and (ii) Convertible Securities mean any stock or securities (other than Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock.

(d)

Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Number of Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 9, the Exercise Price shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased Number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may the Exercise Price be adjusted below the par value of the Common Stock then in effect.

(e)

Calculations. All calculations under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest one-tenth of one cent or the nearest share, as applicable.

(f)

Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder, promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the Companys transfer agent.

(g)

Notice of Corporate Events. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property in respect of its Common Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Change of Control or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such transaction at least ten (10) days prior to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in order to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction; provided, however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In addition, if while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Change of Control, the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such Change of Control at least thirty (30) days prior to the date such Change of 

8

Control is consummated. Holder agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant to this Section 9(g) in confidence until such information is publicly available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect to trading in the Companys securities following receipt of any such information.

(h)

Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Trading Market, the Company may at any time during the term of this Warrant, reduce the then-current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

10. Payment of Exercise Price. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the

contrary, the Holder may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares in an exchange of securities effected pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, determined as follows:

X = Y [(A-B)/A] 

where:

X

equals the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder;

Y

equals the total number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised;

A

equals the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock as of the Trading Day on the date immediately preceding the Exercise Date; and

B

equals the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on the Original Issuance Date (provided that the Commission continues to take the position that such treatment is proper at the time of such exercise). If the Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the Company acknowledges and agrees that, in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Exercise Shares issued in such exercise shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrants being exercised. Except as set forth in Section 12 (No Fractional Shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be settled in cash.

11. Limitations on Exercise.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant, and the Holder of this Warrant shall not exercise any portion of the Warrant, and any such exercise shall be null and void ab initio and

9

treated as if the exercise had not been made, to the extent that immediately prior to or following such exercise, the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficially owns or would beneficially own as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, in excess of 9.99% (the Maximum Percentage) of the Common Stock that would be issued and outstanding following such exercise. For purposes of calculating beneficial ownership for determining whether the Maximum Percentage is or will be exceeded, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties, shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the relevant Warrant with respect to which the determination is being made but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised Warrant held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company held and/or beneficially owned by such Holder or any Attribution Party (including, without limitation, any convertible notes, convertible stock or warrants) that are subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. For purposes of this Paragraph 11(a), beneficial ownership of the Holder or the Attribution Parties shall, except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, be calculated and determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder of this Warrant may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (such issued and outstanding shares, the Reported Outstanding Share Number). For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. The Holder shall disclose to the Company the number of shares of Common Stock that it, together with the Attribution Parties holds and/or beneficially owns and has the right to acquire through the exercise of derivative securities and any limitations on exercise or conversion analogous to the limitation contained herein contemporaneously or immediately prior to submitting an Exercise Notice for the relevant Warrant. If the Company receives an Exercise Notice from the Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall (i) notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that such Exercise Notice would otherwise cause the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 11(a), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be purchased pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares) and (ii) as soon as reasonably practicable, the Company shall return to the Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and the Attribution Parties since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of Common

10

Stock to the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant results in the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued by which the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder and/or the Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after the issuance of the Excess Shares has been deemed null and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares. By written notice to the Company, a Holder of this Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99% specified in such notice; providedthat any increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company and shall not negatively affect any partial exercise effected prior to such change.

(b) For purposes of clarity, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder or Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, including Rule 16a-1(a)(1). No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 11 to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 11 or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

12.

No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares that would otherwise be issuable, the number of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional shares.

13.

Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address specified by the Company prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address specified by the Company on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service specifying next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if by hand delivery.

11

14.

Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as warrant agent under this Warrant. Upon 10 days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the Company or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last address as shown on the Warrant Register.

15.

Miscellaneous.

(a)

No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise set forth in this Warrant, the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such Person is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

(b)

Further Assurances. Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate or articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

12

(c)

Successors and Assigns. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Holder, other than to Affiliates of the initial Holder, without the written consent of the Company. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company without the written consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a Change of Control. This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Holder and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right, remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors and assigns.

(d)

Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder.

(e)

Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

(f)

Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.

(g)

Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

13

(h) Severability. If any part or provision of this Warrant is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable manner, and the remainder of this Warrant shall remain binding upon the parties hereto.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.

European Wax Center, Inc.

By:

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Form of Warrant]

SCHEDULE 1

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Warrant]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

(1) The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. __ (the Warrant) issued byEuropean Wax Center, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

(2) The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase _____ Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(3) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one):

Cash Exercise

Cashless Exercise under Section 10 of the Warrant

(4) If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall pay the sum of $ _____ in immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(6) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby (i) the Holder is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and (ii) the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the number of shares of Common Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) permitted to be owned under Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates.

Dated: 

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ewcz-20241227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Cover [Abstract] 
Amendment Flag 
City Area Code 
Document Period End Date 
Document Type 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity File Number 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Local Phone Number 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Security Exchange Name 
Soliciting Material 
Trading Symbol 
Written Communications
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document And Entity Information

Dec. 27, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 27, 2024

Entity Registrant Name European Wax Center, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001856236

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity File Number 001-40714

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-3150064

Entity Address, Address Line One 5830 Granite Parkway, 3rd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Plano

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75024

City Area Code (469)

Local Phone Number 264-8123

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share

Trading Symbol EWCZ

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://waxcenter.com/20241227/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ewcz-20241227.htm 
ewcz-20241227.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-001280-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ewcz-20241227_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001856236 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

false 
0001856236 
European Wax Center, Inc. 
8-K 
2024-12-27 
DE 
001-40714 
86-3150064 
5830 Granite Parkway, 3rd Floor 
Plano 
TX 
75024 
(469) 
264-8123 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share 
EWCZ 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>