<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950103-25-000703.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0000950103-25-000703.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121160807
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-25-000703
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Acutus Medical, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001522860
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				451306615
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39430
		FILM NUMBER:		25542569

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2210 FARADAY AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		442-232-6080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2210 FARADAY AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92008
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dp223579_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000152286000015228602025-01-212025-01-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

_________________________________________

FORM 8-K

_________________________________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 21, 2025

_________________________________________

Acutus
Medical, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter)

_________________________________________

Delaware 001-39430 45-1306615

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2210
Faraday Ave., Suite 100

Carlsbad, CA 92008

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code: (442) 232-6080

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report)

_________________________________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered1

Common Stock, par value $0.001 AFIB N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

1 On May 16, 2024, the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC filed a Form 25 to delist our common stock and remove such securities from registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and such delisting took effect on May 26, 2024. The deregistration of our common stock under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act was effective 90 days after the Form 25 filing. Our common stock currently trades on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol AFIB.

1

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material
Definitive Agreement.

Amendment to Credit Agreement and Entry into Contingent Value
Rights Agreement, Warrant Termination Agreement and Registration Rights Termination Agreement 

On January 21, 2025, Acutus Medical, Inc. (the
Company) and Deerfield Partners, L.P. and Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P. (collectively, the Deerfield Funds)
entered into Amendment No. 5 (Amendment No. 5) to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022 (as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among the Company, the Deerfield
Funds and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

Pursuant to Amendment No. 5, the Credit Agreement
is being amended to allow the Company to effect the deregistration of its common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock),
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including the termination of the Companys periodic reporting
obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (the Deregistration)
and, among other things: (i) provides that the Deerfield Funds will receive a consent fee in the form of a contingent value right payable
upon certain triggering events in an amount equal to the lesser of $300,000 or 5.0% of the aggregate amount of total value that would
otherwise be available to the Companys equityholders (the Consent Fee); (ii) modifies the financial reporting requirements
under the Credit Agreement, including requiring delivery of cash flow forecasts to the Deerfield Funds; (iii) requires the appointment
of a Chief Restructuring Officer of the Company; and (iv) modifies the negative covenants to limit the Companys business activities
and requires the Company to maintain minimum liquidity of $5 million. The effectiveness of Amendment No. 5 is conditioned upon the occurrence
of the Deregistration on or prior to January 31, 2025 (or such other date as agreed to by the Deerfield Funds in their sole discretion).

In connection with entry into Amendment No. 5 and
the Deregistration, the Company also entered into certain other agreements, including: (i) a contingent value rights agreement to provide
for payment of the Consent Fee by the Company to the Deerfield Funds (the Contingent Value Rights Agreement); (ii) a warrant
termination agreement to terminate (a) warrants to purchase 224,118 shares of Common Stock pursuant to that certain Warrant to Purchase
Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated as of June 7, 2018 (the 2018 Warrants), (b) warrants to purchase 209,996 shares
of Common Stock pursuant to that certain Warrant dated as of May 20, 2019 (the 2019 Warrants) and (c) warrants to purchase
3,779,018 shares of Common Stock pursuant to that certain Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock of the Company dated June 30, 2022
(the 2022 Warrants) for a fee equal to $250,000 in the aggregate paid by the Company to the Deerfield Funds (the Warrant
Termination Agreement) and (iii) a registration rights termination agreement to terminate the registration rights agreement, dated
June 30, 2022, among the Company and the Deerfield Funds and withdraw the registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC (File
No. 333-266804) in connection with the sale from time to time of the Companys securities held by the Deerfield Funds and terminate
the offer and/or sale of securities under such registration statement (the Registration Rights Termination Agreement and,
together with Amendment No. 5, the Contingent Value Rights Agreement and the Warrant Termination Agreement, the Transaction Documents).

The foregoing description of the Transaction Documents
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Transaction Documents, copies of which are filed
as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

2

Material Relationships

Andrew ElBardissi, a member of the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board), is a partner in Deerfield Management Company, L.P., the investment manager of Deerfield
Partners, L.P. and Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P., the lenders under the Credit Agreement and principal stockholders of the Company.
Further information regarding the material relationships between the Company, Mr. ElBardissi and the Deerfield Funds is set forth in Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the Companys
2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, as filed with the SEC on April 25, 2024, and is incorporated into this Current Report on Form 8-K
by reference herein.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of
Security Holders. 

The information set forth
under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On January 21, 2025, the Board determined
to effect the deregistration of its Common Stock with the SEC, including the termination of the Companys periodic reporting obligations
under the Exchange Act (i.e., the Deregistration). The Company intends to file a Form 15 with the SEC to voluntarily effect
the Deregistration. The Company is eligible to deregister by filing the Form 15 because it has fewer than 300 holders of record of its
Common Stock. The filing of the Form 15 immediately suspends the Companys reporting obligations under Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act, subject only to its obligation to file a Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. The Company expects the Deregistration
to become effective 90 days after filing the Form 15 with the SEC.

The Board of Directors has determined that going
dark is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders as a result of the substantial cost savings from the elimination
of accounting and other expenses relating to maintaining its status as a public reporting company. In coming to this decision, the Board,
among other factors, considered the advantages and disadvantages of being an Exchange Act reporting company, the number of stockholders
and the relatively low level of trading in its Common Stock.

The Company anticipates that its Common Stock
may continue to be quoted on the OTC Pink Market (where it is currently quoted) to the extent market makers continue to make a market
in the Common Stock. No guarantee, however, can be made that a trading market in the Common Stock in any over-the-counter market will
be maintained.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K and certain information
incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements within the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements included or incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K, other than statements
that are purely historical, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, expect, intend,
plan, believe, seek, estimate, will, should, would,
could, may and similar expressions also identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements
include, without limitation, statements regarding the Companys intent, current expectations or belief regarding the Deregistration,
including the estimated timing and cost savings; whether the Deregistration will be successfully completed; and the benefits of the Deregistration.

Our expectations, beliefs, objectives, intentions
and strategies regarding future results are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from results contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect the actual
results achieved by the Company include, without limitation, the risk that the Company may not be able to effectuate the Deregistration
as currently anticipated or within the timing currently anticipated; the impact of the Deregistration on the Companys business;
the impact of the Transaction Documents on the Companys business and operations; and the risk factors listed from time to time
in the Companys filings with the SEC, as further described below.

3

We urge you to carefully consider risks and uncertainties
and review the additional disclosures we make concerning risks and uncertainties that may materially affect the outcome of our forward-looking
statements and our future business and operating results, including those made under the captions Risk Factors contained
in our most recently filed Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and subsequent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. You are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the filing of this Current Report on Form
8-K.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Amendment No. 5 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2025, by and among the Company and the Deerfield Funds, and acknowledged by Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent

10.2 Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2025, by and among the Company and the Deerfield Funds

10.3 Warrant Termination Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2025, by and among the Company and the Deerfield Funds

10.4 Registration Rights Termination Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2025, by and among the Company and the Deerfield Funds

104.0 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Acutus Medical, Inc.

Date: January 21, 2025 By: /s/ Takeo Mukai

Takeo Mukai

Chief Executive Officer & Chief Financial Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dp223579_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDMENT
NO. 5

TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This
AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment), dated as of January 21, 2025, is entered
into by and between Acutus Medical, Inc. (the Borrower or the Company), and Deerfield Partners,
L.P. (Deerfield Partners) and Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P. (DPD III and, together
with Deerfield Partners, the Lenders), and acknowledged by Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative
Agent.

WHEREAS,
the Borrower, the Lenders and Administrative Agent are each party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of
June 30, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including pursuant to Amendments No. 1, No.
2, No. 3 and No. 4 thereto, the Credit Agreement), by and among the Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party
thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent;

WHEREAS,
on November 30, 2024, the Borrower commenced a reduction in operations (the Restructuring Transaction) to a scale
designed solely to support the manufacturing and distribution of Medtronic, Inc.s (MDT) left-heart access
products through the transition of the production of these products to MDT pursuant to the terms of the MDT Sale Agreement and that certain
Distribution Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, between MDT and the Borrower (the Distribution Agreement);

WHEREAS,
the Borrower will continue the manufacturing and distribution of left-heart access products for MDT until it has fulfilled its obligations
under the MDT Sale Agreement and the Distribution Agreement, following which the Borrower will exist solely to receive potential earnout
payments it is eligible to receive pursuant to the MDT Sale Agreement;

WHEREAS,
as part of the Restructuring Transaction, the Borrower intends to (i) terminate the registration of its securities under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act and suspend its public reporting obligations in connection therewith; and (ii) terminate its shelf registration statement
on Form S-3 with respect to the resale of certain securities held by the Lenders and their respective affiliates;

WHEREAS,
the Lenders are supportive of the Borrowers undertaking of the Restructuring Transaction and the transactions contemplated thereby;

WHEREAS,
the Borrower and the Lenders desire to amend the Credit Agreement in certain respects, on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. 
Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used herein (including in the preamble and recitals above) but not otherwise defined herein shall
have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

2. 
Amendments to Credit Agreement; Other Agreements. Subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 below, the
Credit Agreement (excluding the schedules, annexes, exhibits and signature pages thereto) and the Security Agreement are each hereby
amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken
text) and to add the bold, double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined
text) as set forth in Exhibit A and Exhibit B (collectively, the Amended Loan Documents).

1

3. 
Conditions. The effectiveness of this Amendment and each of the Amended Loan Documents is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver)
of the following conditions precedent (the date of satisfaction or waiver of all such conditions precedent hereunder shall be referred
to herein as the Fifth Amendment Effective Date):

(a) 
this Amendment shall have been executed by the Borrower and the Lenders, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent;

(b) 
as of the date hereof, the Borrower shall have entered into the Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and
among the Borrower and the Lenders, issuing to each Lender party hereto, for its own ratable account, a consent fee in the form of a
contingent value right on the terms set forth therein, effective as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date;

(c) 
the Borrower shall have (i) on the date hereof submitted a registration withdrawal request to the SEC with respect to the Borrowers
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with respect to the resale of certain securities held by the Lenders and their respective affiliates
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lenders and (ii) no later than January 31, 2025 or such other date as agreed to by
the Lenders in writing in their sole discretion, received SEC approval for the termination of such shelf registration statement and terminated
such registration statement;

(d) 
the Borrower shall have filed a form 15 with the SEC for the purpose of effecting a termination of the registration of its securities
under the Exchange Act in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lenders no later than January 31, 2025 or such other date as
agreed to by the Lenders in writing in their sole discretion;

(e) 
pursuant to the Warrant Termination Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Borrower and the Lenders, the Lenders that
hold Warrants shall have received the Warrant Termination Payment (as defined therein) and the Warrants shall have been terminated in
accordance therewith

(f) 
the representations and warranties in Section 4 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects (except with respect to any
representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which representation or warranty shall be true and correct
in all respects) as of the date hereof and as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date; provided, however that those representations and
warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct in all material respects (except with respect to any representation
or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects)
as of such date;

(g) 
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(h) 
on the date hereof, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Loan
Party certifying that, both as of the date hereof and after giving effect to this Amendment:

(i) 
attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the bylaws (or limited liability company agreement or other equivalent governing documents)
of such Loan Party as in effect on the date hereof or that there have been no amendments or modifications to the bylaws (or limited liability
company agreement or other equivalent governing documents) of such Loan Party most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent, and
that no amendments or modifications to the bylaws (or limited liability company agreement or other equivalent governing documents) are
currently planned or anticipated prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date;

2

(ii) 
attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors (or managing member or equivalent)
of such Loan Party authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which such person is a party and that
such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date;

(iii) 
attached thereto is (A) a true and complete copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation or certificate of formation, including
all amendments thereto, of such Loan Party, certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State (or other similar official) of the
jurisdiction of its organization, or that there have been no amendments or modifications to the certificate or articles of incorporation
or certificate of formation of such Loan Party most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent and (B) a certificate as to the good
standing (to the extent such concept or a similar concept exists under the laws of such jurisdiction) of each such Loan Party in the
jurisdiction in which it is formed or organized as of a recent date from such Secretary of State (or other similar official), which has
not been amended; and

(iv) 
as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer executing any Credit Document or any other document delivered in connection
herewith on behalf of such Credit Party or that there have been no amendments or modifications to the applicable incumbency certification
most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent; 

(i) 
on the date hereof, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received a solvency certificate duly executed and delivered by
the chief financial or accounting Authorized Officer of the Borrower, dated as of the date hereof, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Lenders; 

(j) 
on the date hereof, the Borrower shall have paid all fees and expenses owing to Administrative Agent and the Lenders, including (i) legal
fees and expenses of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and any other legal fees incurred by the Lenders and their Affiliates in connection
with the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby; (ii) all outstanding legal fees
and expenses owed to Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP as of the date hereof; and (iii) all legal fees and expenses of Seward & Kissel LLP
owed as of the date hereof and incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the transactions
contemplated hereby; and

(k) 
the Fifth Amendment Effective Date shall have occurred on or prior to January 31, 2025 or such other date as agreed to with the Lenders
in writing in their sole discretion (it being understood that to the extent that the Fifth Amendment Effective Date has not occurred
on or prior to such date, this Amendment, the Contingent Value Rights Agreement, the Warrant Termination Agreement and the Registration
Rights Termination Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect). 

4. 
Representations and Warranties. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to each Lender as follows: 

(a) 
the Borrower has duly executed this Amendment, and the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment is within
its corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or organizational action, and do not contravene the Borrowers
Organic Documents, any court decree or order binding on or affecting it or any Law or regulation binding on or affecting it or this Amendment
or the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby); 

(b) 
each of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower,
enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar Laws affecting creditors rights generally and by principles of equity); 

3

(c) 
the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) are, in each case, true and
correct in all material respects (except with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, which representation or warranty is true and correct in all respects) as of the date hereof and as of the Fifth Amendment Effective
Date; provided, however that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date are true and correct
in all material respects (except with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
which representation or warranty is true and correct in all respects) as of such date; 

(d) 
both immediately before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(e) 
the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) will not result
in a default under any material contract, agreement, or instrument binding on or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary; and 

(f) 
except as required by Section 10, no authorization, approval, clearance or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental
Authority or other Person is required for the due execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of this Amendment
or any Credit Document to which it is a party. 

5. 
Reaffirmation. The Loan Parties, in each case as debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in other any other similar
capacity in which the Loan Parties grant liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as accommodation party or guarantor,
as the case may be, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under
each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (after giving effect hereto) and, (ii) to the extent any Loan Party granted Liens on
or security interests in any of its property pursuant to any such Loan Document as security for the Obligations of the Loan Parties under
or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms such guarantee and grant of security interests and Liens and confirms and
agrees that such security interests and liens hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby. Each of the Loan Parties consent
to this Amendment and acknowledges that the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, and each of the other Loan Documents, as
amended hereby, remains in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and reaffirmed. The execution of this Amendment shall not operate
as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or Lenders, constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the
Loan Documents or serve to effect a novation of the Obligations.

6. 
Legal Fees and Expenses. The Borrower agrees to pay on the date hereof all fees and expenses owing to Administrative Agent and
the Lenders on demand, including (i) legal fees and expenses of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and any other legal fees incurred by the
Lenders and their Affiliates in connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated
hereby; (ii) legal fees and expenses owed to Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP as of the date hereof; and (iii) legal fees and expenses of Seward
& Kissel LLP owed as of the date hereof and incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment
and the transactions contemplated hereby.

7. 
References to Credit Agreement. From and after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this
Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference to
the Credit Agreement in any other Loan Document shall be deemed a reference to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby, and this Amendment
shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

4

8. 
Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Amendment may be executed by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which
shall be an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of
a signature page to this Amendment by email (in pdf, tiff or similar format) or telecopy shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execute, execution, signed,
signature and words of like import herein or in any amendment or other modification hereof (including waivers and consents)
shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms
approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect,
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to
the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act,
the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act.

9. 
Severability. The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Amendment or any instrument or agreement required hereunder
shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment or any instrument
or agreement required hereunder.

10. 
Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE)
BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK)
WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS OR RULES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

11. 
General Release. In consideration of, among other things, the Lenders and Administrative Agents execution and delivery
of this Amendment, Borrower, on behalf of itself and its agents, representatives, officers, directors, advisors, employees, subsidiaries,
affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, Releasors), hereby waives, releases and discharges, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, each Releasee from any and all claims (including crossclaims, counterclaims, rights of set-off and recoupment),
actions, causes of action, suits, debts, accounts, interests, liens, promises, warranties, damages and consequential damages, demands,
agreements, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, controversies, variances, trespasses, judgments, executions, costs, expenses or claims
whatsoever, that such Releasor now has or hereafter may have, of whatsoever nature and kind, whether known or unknown, whether now existing
or hereafter arising, whether arising at law or in equity (collectively, the Claims), against Administrative Agent
or any or all Lenders in any capacity and each of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, shareholders and controlling persons
(within the meaning of the federal securities laws), and their respective successors and assigns and each and all of the officers, directors,
employees, agents, attorneys, advisors and other representatives of each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees),
based in whole or in part on facts, whether or not now known, existing on or before the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, that relate to,
arise out of or otherwise are in connection with any or all of the Loan Documents or transactions contemplated thereby or any actions
or omissions in connection therewith through the date of this Amendment. The receipt by Borrower of any Loans or other financial accommodations
made by any Lender after the date hereof shall constitute a ratification, adoption, and confirmation by such party of the foregoing general
release of all Claims against the Releasees that are based in whole or in part on facts, 

5

whether
or not now known or unknown, existing on or prior to the date of receipt of any such Loans or other financial accommodations. In entering
into this Amendment, Borrower consulted with, and has been represented by, legal counsel and expressly disclaims any reliance on any
representations, acts or omissions by any of the Releasees and hereby agrees and acknowledges that the validity and effectiveness of
the releases set forth above do not depend in any way on any such representations, acts and/or omissions or the accuracy, completeness
or validity thereof. The provisions of this Section shall survive the termination of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other
Loan Documents and payment in full of the Obligations. Borrower hereby agrees that it shall be obligated to indemnify and hold the Releasees
harmless with respect to any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements
of any kind or nature whatsoever incurred by the Releasees, or any of them, whether direct, indirect or consequential, as a result of
or arising from or relating to any proceeding by or on behalf of any Person, including, without limitation, the respective officers,
directors, agents, trustees, creditors, partners or shareholders of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, whether threatened or initiated,
in respect of any claim for legal or equitable remedy under any statute, regulation or common law principle arising from or in connection
with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance, administration and enforcement of the Credit Agreement, the other
Loan Documents, this Amendment or any other document executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith prior to the date
of this Amendment; provided, that Borrower shall have no obligation to indemnify or hold harmless any Releasee hereunder with
respect to liabilities to the extent they result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of that Releasee as determined by a
final non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction. If and to the extent that the foregoing undertaking may be unenforceable
for any reason, Borrower agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction thereof that is permissible under Applicable
Law.

12. 
Agent Authorization. Each of the Lenders hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver this Amendment.

[Signature
Pages Follow]

6

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized
officers as of the day and year first above written.

ACUTUS
MEDICAL, INC.,

as
the Borrower

By: /s/ Takeo Mukai_______________________________

Name:
Takeo Mukai

Title:
CEO & CFO

[Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement]

Deerfield partners, l.p.

By:
Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., its General Partner

By: J.E. Flynn Capital, LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ David Clark________________________________

Name: David Clark 

Title: Authorized Signatory

Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P.

By:
Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., its General Partner

By: J.E. Flynn Capital, LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ David Clark________________________________

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement]

Acknowledged
by:

WILMINGTON
TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as the Administrative Agent

By: /s/
Aidan OBrien 

Name: Aidan OBrien 

Title: Assistant Vice President 

[Signature
Page to Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement]

Exhibit
A

Amended
Credit Agreement

[see
attached]

Exhibit A to Amendment No. 25
to Credit Agreement

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT1

dated as of June 30, 2022

as
amended by (i) Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of August 4, 2023, (ii) Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated as of November
8, 2023 (iii) Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 4, 2024 (iv) Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement dated as of November
13, 2024 and (v) Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement dated as of January 21, 2025

among

ACUTUS MEDICAL, INC.,

as the Borrower,

THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO

AND

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as the Administrative Agent

THE LOANS HEREUNDER ARE BEING ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL
ISSUE DISCOUNT (OID) FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF OID, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY
OF THE LOANS MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE BORROWER BY

1 Conformed to reflect changes through
(i) Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of August 4, 2023 and,
(ii) Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated as of November 8, 2023 (iii)
Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 4, 2024 (iv) Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement dated as of November 13, 2024
and (v) Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement dated as of January 21, 2025.

CONTACTING THE ADDRESS OF THE BORROWER SPECIFIED
ON SCHEDULE 10.2 TO THE DISCLOSURE LETTER.

-2-

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 21

SECTION 1.1 Defined Terms 21

SECTION 1.2 Use of Defined Terms 2827

SECTION 1.3 Cross-References 28

SECTION 1.4 Accounting and Financial Determinations 28

ARTICLE II COMMITMENT AND BORROWING PROCEDURES 28

SECTION 2.1 Commitment and Lender Warrants 28

SECTION 2.2 Borrowing Procedure 29

SECTION 2.3 Funding 29

SECTION 2.4 Reduction of the Commitment Amounts 29

ARTICLE III REPAYMENTS, PREPAYMENTS, INTEREST AND FEES 29

SECTION 3.1 Repayments and Prepayments; Application 3029

SECTION 3.2 Repayments and Prepayments 3029

SECTION 3.3 Application 30

SECTION 3.4 Interest Rate 30

SECTION 3.5 Default Rate 3130

SECTION 3.6 Payment Dates 3130

SECTION 3.7 Repayment Premium 31

SECTION 3.8 Exit Fee 31

SECTION 3.9 Administration Fee 3231

SECTION 3.10 Commitment Fee 3231

SECTION 3.11 Payments Generally 32

ARTICLE IV SOFR AND OTHER PROVISIONS 32

SECTION 4.1 Increased Costs, Etc. 32

SECTION 4.2 Increased Capital Costs 32

SECTION 4.3 Taxes 3332

SECTION 4.4 Payments, Computations; Proceeds of Collateral, Etc 3534

SECTION 4.5 Setoff 36

SECTION 4.6 Rates; Inability to Determine Rate; Illegality; Benchmark Replacement 36

ARTICLE V CONDITIONS TO MAKING THE LOANS 38

SECTION 5.1 Credit Extensions 3938

SECTION 5.2 Secretarys Certificate, Etc. 3938

SECTION 5.3 Closing Date Certificate 39

SECTION 5.4 Partial Repayment of Existing Loans 4039

SECTION 5.5 Delivery of Notes 4039

-i- 

SECTION 5.7 MDT Sale 4039

SECTION 5.8 Solvency, Etc. 4039

SECTION 5.9 Guarantee 40

SECTION 5.10 Security Agreements 40

SECTION 5.11 Intellectual Property Security Agreements 4140

SECTION 5.12 Opinions of Counsel 41

SECTION 5.13 Insurance 41

SECTION 5.14 Closing Fees, Expenses, Etc. 41

SECTION 5.15 Anti-Terrorism Laws 41

SECTION 5.16 [Reserved] 41

SECTION 5.17 Equity Matters 41

SECTION 5.18 Loan Documents; Investment Documents 4241

SECTION 5.19 Lien and Judgment Searches 4241

ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 4241

SECTION 6.1 Organization, Etc. 4241

SECTION 6.2 Due Authorization, Non-Contravention, Etc. 42

SECTION 6.3 Government Approval, Regulation, Etc. 4342

SECTION 6.4 Validity, Etc. 4342

SECTION 6.5 Financial Information 4342

SECTION 6.6 No Material Adverse Change 4443

SECTION 6.7 Litigation, Labor Matters and Environmental Matters 4443

SECTION 6.8 Subsidiaries 4443

SECTION 6.9 Ownership of Properties 44

SECTION 6.10 Taxes 4544

SECTION 6.11 Benefit Plans, Etc. 4544

SECTION 6.12 Accuracy of Information 4544

SECTION 6.13 Regulations U and X 45

SECTION 6.14 Solvency 4645

SECTION 6.15 Intellectual Property 4645

SECTION 6.16 Material Agreements 47

SECTION 6.17 Permits 4847

SECTION 6.18 Regulatory Matters 4847

SECTION 6.19 Transactions with Affiliates 51

SECTION 6.20 Investment Company Act 5251

SECTION 6.21 OFAC 5251

SECTION 6.22 Deposit and Disbursement Accounts 5251

SECTION 6.27 MDT Sale 5251

ARTICLE VII AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 52

SECTION 7.1 Financial Information, Reports, Notices, Etc. 52

SECTION 7.2 Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Contracts, Laws, Etc. 54

SECTION 7.3 Maintenance of Properties 5455

-ii- 

SECTION 7.4 Insurance 5455

SECTION 7.5 Books and Records 55

SECTION 7.6 Environmental Law Covenant 5556

SECTION 7.7 Use of Proceeds 5556

SECTION 7.8 Future Guarantors, Security, Etc. 5556

SECTION 7.9 Obtaining of Permits, Etc. 5657

SECTION 7.10 Permits 5657

SECTION 7.11 Maintenance of Regulatory Authorizations, Contracts, Intellectual Property, Etc. 5657

SECTION 7.12 Inbound Licenses 5758

SECTION 7.13 Cash Management 5758

ARTICLE VIII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 60

SECTION 8.1 Business Activities 60

SECTION 8.2 Indebtedness 60

SECTION 8.3 Liens 6160

SECTION 8.4 Minimum Liquidity 6361

SECTION 8.5 Investments 6362

SECTION 8.6 Restricted Payments, Etc. 6562

SECTION 8.7 Consolidation, Merger; Etc. 6562

SECTION 8.8 Permitted Dispositions 6562

SECTION 8.9 Modification of Certain Agreements 6562

SECTION 8.10 Transactions with Affiliates 6663

SECTION 8.11 Restrictive Agreements, Etc. 6663

SECTION 8.12 Sale and Leaseback 6663

SECTION 8.13 Product Agreements 6763

SECTION 8.14 Change in Name, Location or Executive Office or Executive Management; Change in Fiscal Year 6763

SECTION 8.15 Benefit Plans and Agreements 6763

SECTION 8.15 Transfers to Non-Guarantors 64

ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT 6864

SECTION 9.1 Listing of Events of Default 6864

SECTION 9.2 Action if Bankruptcy 7067

SECTION 9.3 Action if Other Event of Default 7067

SECTION 9.4 Application of Funds 7067

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 7169

SECTION 10.1 Waivers, Amendments, Etc. 7169

SECTION 10.2 Notices; Time 7270

SECTION 10.3 [Reserved] 7371

SECTION 10.4 Indemnification; Expenses; and Damage Waiver 7371

SECTION 10.5 Survival 7573

SECTION 10.6 Severability 7674

SECTION 10.7 Headings 7674

SECTION 10.8 Execution in Counterparts, Effectiveness, Etc. 7674

-iii- 

SECTION 10.9 Governing Law; Entire Agreement 7674

SECTION 10.10 Successors and Assigns 7674

SECTION 10.11 Other Transactions 7977

SECTION 10.12 Forum Selection and Consent to Jurisdiction 7977

SECTION 10.13 Waiver of Jury Trial 8077

SECTION 10.14 Confidential Information 8078

SECTION 10.15 Exceptions to Confidentiality 8178

SECTION 10.16 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 8179

SECTION 10.17 Payments Set Aside 8279

SECTION 10.18 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 8280

SECTION 10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In EEAAffected
Financial Institutions 8280

SECTION 10.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported OFCs 8381

SECTION 10.21 No Novation 8482

SECTION 10.22 Independent Nature of Lenders 8482

SECTION 10.23 No Fiduciary Relationship 8583

ARTICLE XI ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 8583

SECTION 11.1 Appointment and Authority 8583

SECTION 11.2 Rights as a Lender 8684

SECTION 11.3 Exculpatory Provisions 8684

SECTION 11.4 Reliance by the Administrative Agent 8886

SECTION 11.5 Delegation of Duties 8986

SECTION 11.6 Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent 8987

SECTION 11.7 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders 9087

SECTION 11.8 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 9088

SECTION 11.9 Collateral and Guarantee Matters 9188

SECTION 11.9 Collateral and Guarantee Matters 92

SCHEDULES:

Schedule 2.1 Commitments and Applicable Percentages

Schedule 5.8(c) Investments in Subsidiaries

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A - Form of Promissory Note

Exhibit B - Form of Loan Request

Exhibit C - Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit D - Form of Guarantee

Exhibit E - Form of Security Agreement

Exhibit F - Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit G - Form of Warrant[Reserved]

Exhibit H - Form of Intercompany Debt Subordination Agreement

Exhibit I - Form of Registration Rights Agreement[Reserved]

-iv- 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED
CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 30, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time after the Amendment and Restatement
Closing Date, this Agreement), is by and among ACUTUS MEDICAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower),
the Lenders (defined herein), and WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent. The Borrower and each Lender are sometimes
referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS,
the Borrower, Administrative Agent, Orbimed Royalty Opportunities II, LP (Orbimed),
and Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P. (DPDF3;
and collectively with Orbimed, the Existing Lenders) are parties to that
certain Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019 (the Initial
Closing Date) (as heretofore amended or otherwise modified prior to the Amendment and Restatement Closing
Date, the Existing Credit Agreement), pursuant to which the Existing Lenders made
a term loan to the Borrower in the aggregate principal amount of $40,000,000 (the Initial Loan);

WHEREAS,
the Borrower has entered into the MDT Sale Agreement (as defined below), whereby Borrower has agreed to sell certain assets to Medtronic,
Inc. (MDT) pursuant to the terms and conditions of such agreement (the MDT
Asset Sale); 

WHEREAS,
the Borrower is repaying (x) in cash in full all of the Obligations (as defined in
the Existing Credit Agreement) owed to Orbimed pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and other Loan
Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) and (y) in cash a portion of the Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit
Agreement) owed to DPDF3 pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement),
consisting of $2,500,000 of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Initial Loan provided by DPDF3 and all accrued interest, fees
and expenses that would be owed to DPDF3 assuming all of its Initial Loan was repaid in full by the Borrower on the Amendment and Restatement
Closing Date; and

WHEREAS, the Borrower
has requested, and the Lenders (which includes DPDF3) have agreed, upon and subject to the conditions set forth herein, to make, refinance
or otherwise continue and/or maintainLenders have provided
a term loan (the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan) to
the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount equal to $35,000,000 (the Refinancing and,
together with the MDT Asset Sale, the Transactions), which Amendment and Restatement
Term Loan shall include the remaining aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Initial Loan provided by DPDF3 (the Rollover
Lender) and not prepaid by the Borrower on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date equal to $17,500,000
(the Rollover Amount).);

WHEREAS,
in connection with the Fifth Amendment (as defined below), the Borrower has requested that, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
set forth in the Fifth Amendment, on the Fifth Amendment Effective
Date (as defined below) the Lenders agree to permit the Borrower to engage in the Restructuring Transaction (as defined in the Fifth Amendment);
and

WHEREAS,
the Lenders are willing, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Fifth Amendment and herein, to permit the Borrower to engage in
the Restructuring Transaction.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties agree, subject to satisfaction (or
waiver by the requisite Lenders) of the conditions set forth in Article
Vhereof, to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety as follows:

ARTICLE
I

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

SECTION
1.1 Defined Terms. The following terms (whether or not underscored) when used in this Agreement, including its preamble
and recitals, shall, except where the context otherwise requires, have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable
to the singular and plural forms thereof):

Administrative
Agent means Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the CreditLoan
Documents, or any successor administrative agent.

Administrative
Agents Office means the Administrative Agents address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule
10.2 to the Disclosure Letter or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower
and the Lenders.

Agreed
Disclosure Process is defined in Section 7.14(c).

Affected
Financial Institution means (a) any UK
Financial Institution, or (b) any credit institution or investment
firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (c)
any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent
of an institution described in clause (b)
of this definition, or (d) any
financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (b)
or (c) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision
with its parent.

Affiliate
of any Person means any other Person which, directly or indirectly, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with such Person.
Control (and its correlatives) by any Person means (a) the power of such Person, directly or indirectly, (i) to vote
10% or more of the Voting Securities (determined on a fully diluted basis) of another Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction
of the management and policies of such other Person (whether by contract or otherwise), or (b) ownership by such Person of 10% or more
of the Capital Securities of another Person. With respect to a Lender, any investment fund or managed account that is managed on a discretionary
basis by the same investment manager as such Lender shall, for purposes hereof, be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Lender. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, none of the Lenders shall constitute an Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

-2- 

Agency Fee Letter
means the fee letter, originally dated as of May 20, 2019, and amended and restated as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date,
between the Borrower and Wilmington Trust, as Administrative Agent.

Agreement
is defined in the preamble.

Amendment and Restatement
Closing Date means June 30, 2022.

Amendment and Restatement
Term Loan is defined in the recitals.

Applicable Margin
means 9.00%.

Applicable Percentage
means, with respect to any Lender at any time, with respect to such Lenders portion of the outstanding Loans at any time, the percentage
of the outstanding principal amount of the Loans held by such Lender at such time. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is
set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.1 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes
a party hereto, as applicable.

Approved Fund
means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity
that administers or manages a Lender.

Assignment and Assumption
means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required
by Section 10.10(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit F hereto or any other
form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Assignment Effective
Date is defined in Section 10.10(a).

Authorized Officer
means, relative to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, those of its officers, general partners, managers or managing members (as
applicable) whose signatures and incumbency shall have been certified to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section
5.2.

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark
is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period
pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component
thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark
pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance
of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest
Period pursuant to Section 4.6.

Benchmark
means, initially, Term SOFR; provided that, if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to Term SOFR or the then-current
Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced
such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 4.6.

-3- 

Bail-In
Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA
Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEAAffectedFinancial Institution.

Bail-In
Legislation means, (a) with
respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the
European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.,
and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other
law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other
financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Benchmark
Replacement the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent (at the
direction of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark
rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention
for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities
at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined
would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents.

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative
value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower giving due
consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body, or (b) any
evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread
adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated
credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark
Replacement Date means a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders),
which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) in
the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement
or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof); or

(b) in
the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation

-4- 

thereof)
has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to
be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement
or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues
to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance
of doubt, theTheBenchmark
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence
of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition
Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(b) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the F.R.S Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component)
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component)
which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(c) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not,
or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance
of doubt, aABenchmark
Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information
set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the
calculation thereof).

-5- 

Benchmark Transition
Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date
and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior
to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective
event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication).

Benchmark Unavailability
Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time,
no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance
with Section 4.6 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes
hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 4.6.

Benefit Plan
means any employee benefit plan, as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA, that either: (a) is a multiemployer plan, as defined
in section 3(37) of ERISA, (b) is subject to section 412 of the Code, section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA, or (c) provides welfare
benefits to terminated employees, other than to the extent required by section 4980B(f) of the Code and the corresponding provisions of
ERISA.

BHC Act Affiliate
of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of
such party.

Biotronik
Agreements means, collectively, (i) the Existing Biotronik Agreements and (ii) any other agreement, contract, arrangement or other
understanding between the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Pending Party, on the other hand (including any
agreement replacing or substituting for any of the Existing Biotronik Agreements).

Board
of Directors means, as to any Person, the board of directors
or managers, as applicable, of such Person or any direct or indirect
parent of such Person (or, if such Person is a partnership, the board of directors or other governing body of the general partner of such
Person) or any duly authorized committee thereof.

Borrower
is defined in the preamble.

Business Day
means any day which is neither a Saturday or Sunday nor a legal holiday on which banks are authorized or required to be closed in New York,
New York or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that fixed income departments of
its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

Capital Securities
means, with respect to any Person, all shares of, interests or participations in, or other equivalents in respect of (in each case however
designated, whether voting or non-voting), of such Persons capital stock or
other equity interests, including all membership interests, partnership interests or equivalent, whether now outstanding or issued
after the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, and however designated
and whether voting or non-voting.

-6- 

Capitalized Lease
Liabilities means, with respect to any Person, all monetary obligations of such Person and its Subsidiaries under any leasing
or similar arrangement which have been (or, in accordance with GAAP, should be) classified as capitalized leases, and for purposes of
each Loan Document the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof, determined in accordance with GAAP, and the
stated maturity thereof shall be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under such lease prior to the first date
upon which such lease may be terminated by the lessee without payment of a premium or a penalty; provided,
however, that all obligations of any Person that are or would have been treated as operating
leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on February 25, 2016 of an Accounting Standards
Update (the ASU) shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes
of all financial definitions, calculations and covenants for purpose of this Agreement (whether or not such operating lease obligations
were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective
or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be treated as capitalized lease obligations in accordance with GAAP..

Cash Equivalent
Investment means, at any time:

(a)any direct obligation of (or unconditionally guaranteed by) the United States (or any agency or political subdivision thereof,
to the extent such obligations are supported by the full faith and credit of the United States) maturing not more than one year after
such time;

(b)commercial paper maturing not more than one year from the date of issue, which is issued by a corporation (other than an
Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) organized under the Laws of any state of the United States or of the District of
Columbia and rated A-1 or higher by S&P or P-1 or higher by Moodys;

(c)any certificate of deposit, demand or time deposit or bankers acceptance, maturing not more than one year after its date
of issuance, which is issued by or placed with any bank or trust company organized under the Laws of the United States (or any state thereof)
and which has (i) a credit rating of A2 or higher from Moodys or A or higher from S&P and (ii) a combined capital
and surplus greater than $500,000,000; or

(d)investments in money market mutual funds at least 95% of the assets of which are comprised of securities of the types described
in clauses (a) through (c) of this definition.

Casualty Event
means the damage, destruction or condemnation, as the case may be, of property of any Person or any of its Subsidiaries.

cGCP
means the then current Good Clinical Practices that establish the national and international ethical and scientific quality standards
for designing, conducting, recording and reporting clinical trials that are promulgated or endorsed for the United States by the FDA (including
through ICH E6 and 21 CFR Parts 50, 54, 56 and 312) and for outside the United States by comparable Governmental Authorities.

-7- 

Change in Control
means and shall be deemed to have occurred if: (a) any person or group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5
of the Exchange Act) shall acquire or own, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, determined on a fully diluted basis, more
than 40% of the Voting Securities of the Borrower; (b) a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board
of directors (or equivalent)Board of Directors of
the Borrower shall at any time be occupied by persons who were neither (i) nominated, appointed or approved by the board
of directorsBoard of Directors of the Borrower nor
(ii) appointed by directors so nominated, appointed or approved; (c) the Borrower shall cease to directly own, beneficially and of record,
100% of the issued and outstanding Capital Securities of the Subsidiaries (other than directors qualifying shares or similar shares
as required by applicable Law); or (d) a Major
Transaction (as defined in any Lender Warrant) shall occur.sale,
exclusive license, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions of
all or substantially all of the Companys assets; (e) purchase, tender or exchange offer made to the holders of outstanding Common
Stock (whether by the Company or a third party), such that following the completion of such purchase, tender or exchange offer a change
of control shall have occurred (i.e., current stockholders no longer hold at least 50% of the Common Stock or no longer have the ability
to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company); or (f) an issuance or series of issuances by the Company after June 30,
2022 (other than to the Lenders and
its Affiliates) of an aggregate number of Common Stock equal to 50% or more of the Companys outstanding Common Stock as of the
date of such issuance (or first issuance of such series, as applicable).

Change in Law
means the occurrence, after the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of
any Law, rule, regulation or treaty; (b) any change in any Law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation
or application thereof by any Governmental Authority; or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether
or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
(i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued
in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements,
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities,
in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted,
adopted or issued.

Chief
Restructuring Officer or CRO is defined in Section
7.15. 

Closing Date Certificate
means a closing date certificate executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower in accordance with Section 5.3.

CMS means
the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

Collateral
is defined in the Security Agreement.

Commitment
means, as to each Lender, such Lenders obligation (if any) to make Loans hereunder.

-8- 

Commitment Amount
means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make (or, to the extent such Lender is a Rollover Lender, to maintain and/or continue) a portion
of the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1, in the principal amount set forth opposite
such Lenders name on Schedule 2.1. The aggregate principal amount of the Commitment Amount of all of the Lenders as in effect
on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date is $35,000,000.

Commitment Fee
is defined in Section 3.10.

Common Stock
means the common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower.

Compliance Certificate
means a certificate duly completed and executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit C
hereto.

Confidential Information
means any and all information or material (whether written or oral, or in electronic or other form) that, at any time before, on or after
the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, has been or is provided or communicated to the Receiving Party by or on behalf of the Disclosing
Party pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and shall include the existence and terms
of this Agreement, other than any such information that is available to the Receiving Party on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure
by the Disclosing Party.

Conforming
Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition
of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition
of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing
requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, and other technical, administrative
or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) reasonably decides may be appropriate
to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders)
reasonably decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent
(at the direction of the Required Lenders) reasonably determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists,
in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) reasonably decides is necessary
in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Contingent Liability
means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by which any Person guarantees, endorses or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable
upon (by direct or indirect agreement, contingent or otherwise, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to, or otherwise to invest
in, a debtor, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss) the Indebtedness of any other Person (other than by endorsements of instruments
in the course of collection), or guarantees the payment of dividends or other distributions upon the Capital Securities of any other Person.
The amount of any Persons obligation under any Contingent Liability shall (subject to

-9- 

any limitation set forth therein) be deemed to be the stated or determined
amount of the outstanding debt, obligation or other liability guaranteed thereby, or if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably
anticipated amount of such debt, obligation or other liability as determined by such Person in good faith; provided, however,
that such amount shall not in any event exceed the maximum amount for which such Person may be liable under the applicable agreement,
undertaking or arrangement.

Continuing
Business has the meaning specified in the Second Amendment. 

Control
is defined within the definition of Affiliate.

Controlled Account
is defined in Section 7.13(a).

Copyrights
means all copyrights, whether statutory or common law, and all exclusive and nonexclusive licenses from third parties or rights to use
copyrights owned by such third parties, along with any and all (a) renewals, revisions, extensions, derivative works, enhancements, modifications,
updates and new releases thereof, (b) income, royalties, damages, claims and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable with respect
thereto, including damages and payments for past, present or future Infringements thereof, (c) rights to sue for past, present and future
Infringements thereof, and (d) foreign copyrights and any other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world.

Copyright Security
Agreement means any Copyright Security Agreement executed and delivered by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in substantially
the form of Exhibit C to the Security Agreement, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

Covered Party
is defined in Section 10.20.

Credit
Documents means the Loan Documents other than the Investment Documents.

Debtor Relief Laws
means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors,
moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable
jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default
means any Event of Default or any condition, occurrence or event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event
of Default.

Designated Jurisdiction
means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject of any Sanction.

Device
means any instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent, or other similar or related article, including
any component, part, or accessory which is (a) intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation,
treatment, or prevention of disease, in man or other animals, or (b) intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man
or other animals; and which does not achieve its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other
animals and

-10- 

which is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of
its primary intended purposes.

Disclosing Party
means the Party disclosing Confidential Information.

Disclosure Letter
means the disclosure letter, dated as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date (as supplemented by the Borrower pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement), delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders.

Disposition
(or words of similar import such as Dispose) means any sale, transfer, lease, license, sublease,
sublicense, contribution or other conveyance (including by way of merger,
consolidation or similar transaction) of, or the granting of options, warrants or other rights to, any of the Borrowers
or its Subsidiaries assets (including accounts receivable and Capital Securities of Subsidiaries, but excluding,
for the avoidance of doubt, the issuance of Capital Securities of the Borrower, or sale of treasury Capital Securities
of the Borrower, in each case by the Borrower) to any other Person (other than to the Borrower or any of the Guarantors) in a single transaction
or series of transactions.

Disqualified Capital
Securities shall mean any Capital Securities that, by their terms (or by the terms of any security or other Capital Securities
into which they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) mature or are
mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Capital Securities), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except
as a result of a Change in Control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a Change in Control
or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable
and the termination of the Commitment), (b) are redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Capital
Securities) (except as a result of a Change in Control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence
of a Change in Control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that
are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitment), in whole or in part, (c) provide for the scheduled payment of dividends
in cash or otherwise or (d) are or become convertible into or exchangeable
for Indebtedness or any other Capital Securities that would constitute Disqualified Capital Securities, in each case of clauses (a)
through (d), prior to the date that is 181 days after the Maturity Date; provided that, if such Capital Securities are issued
pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or by any such plan to such employees, such
Capital Securities shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Securities solely because they may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower
or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations.

Distribution
Agreement means that certain Distribution
Agreement, between Medtronic, Inc. and the Borrower, dated as of June 30, 2022.

Division/Series
Transaction means, with respect to any Person that is a limited liability company organized
under the Laws of the State of Delaware, that any such Person (a) divides into two or more Persons (whether or not the
original Person survives such division) or (b) creates, or reorganizes into, one or more series, in each case, as contemplated under the
Laws of the State of Delaware or similar Laws in any other applicable jurisdiction.

-11- 

EEA
Financial Institution
means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA
Resolution Authority, (b)
any entity established
in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a)
of this definition, or (c)
any financial institution
established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a)
or (b) of this definition
and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

Earnout
Payment means any Earnout Payment (as defined in the MDT
Sale Agreement) and any proceeds thereof.

EEA Member Countrymeans
any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEAAffected
Financial Institution.

Eligible Assignee
means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.10(b)(iiid)
and (vf)
(subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.10(b)(iiid)).

Eligible
Market means the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Capital Market, the New
York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the OTCQX Market or the OTCQB Market (or, in each case, any successor thereto).

Environmental Laws
means all federal, state, local or international laws, statutes, rules, regulations, codes, directives, treaties, requirements, ordinances,
orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority,
relating in any way to the environment, natural resources, Hazardous Material or health and safety matters.

Environmental Liability
means any liability, loss, claim, suit, action, investigation, proceeding, damage, commitment or obligation, contingent or otherwise (including
any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary
directly or indirectly arising from, in connection with or based upon (a) any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit, (b) the generation,
use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment, recycling, presence, disposal, Release or threatened Release of, or exposure to, any
Hazardous Materials, or (c) any contract, agreement, penalty, order, decree, settlement, injunction or other arrangement (including operation
of Law) pursuant to which liability is assumed, entered into, inherited or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

Environmental Permit
is defined in Section 6.7(c).

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.

ERISA Affiliate
means, as applied to any Person, (a) any corporation that is a member of a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of section
414(b) of the Code of which

-12- 

that Person is a member, (b) any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) that is a member of a group of trades or businesses under common control within the meaning of section 414(c) of the Code
of which that Person is a member, or (c) any member of an affiliated service group within the meaning of section 414(m) or 414(o) of the
Code of which that Person, any corporation described in clause (a) above or any trade or business described in clause (b)
above is a member.

Event of Default
is defined in Section 9.1.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Excluded AccountsAccount
is defined in Section 7.13(a).

Existing
Biotronik Agreements means, collectively, (i) that certain License and Distribution Agreement dated as of July 2, 2019,
by and among the Borrower, Biotronik SE & Co. KG (Biotronik)
and VascoMed GmbH, (ii) that certain Global Alliance for Biotronik Product Distribution Agreement dated as of May 11, 2020, by and between
the Borrower and Biotronik, (iii) that certain Global Alliance for Acutus Product Distribution Agreement dated as of May 25, 2020, by
and between the Borrower and Biotronik, (iv) that certain Feasibility and Development Agreement dated as of June 3, 2021, by and between
the Borrower and Biotronik and (v) that certain Manufacturing and Supply Agreement dated as of April 19, 2022, by and between the Borrower
and Biotronik, in each case as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time not in violation of Section 8.9.

Existing Credit
Agreement is defined in the recitalsmeans
that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019,
by and among the Borrower, Administrative Agent, Orbimed Royalty
Opportunities II, LP and Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P.

Existing Lender
is defined in the recitals.

Exit Fee
is defined in Section 3.8.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that
is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections
of the Code.

FDA means
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and any successor entity.

FD&C Act
means the U.S. Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (or any successor thereto), as amended from time to time, and the rules, regulations, guidelines,
guidance documents and compliance policy guides issued or promulgated thereunder.

Federal Funds Rate
means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members
of the Federal Reserve System

-13- 

arranged by federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that, if such day is not a Business Day,
the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the
next succeeding Business Day.

Fifth
Amendment means that certain Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2025, among the
Borrower and the Lenders party
thereto and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent.

Fifth
Amendment Effective Date is defined in the Fifth
Amendment.

First Amendment
Effective Date means August 4, 2023.

Fiscal Quarter
means a quarter ending on the last day of March, June, September or December.

Fiscal Year
means any period of twelve consecutive calendar months ending on December 31; references to a Fiscal Year with a number corresponding
to any calendar year (e.g., the 2022 Fiscal Year) refer to the Fiscal Year ending on December 31 of such calendar
year.

Floor
means 2.50%.

F.R.S. Board
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any successor thereto.

FTC Act
means the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended.

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial
loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

Governmental Authority
means any national, supranational, federal, state, county, provincial, local, municipal, territorial or other government or political
subdivision thereof, whether domestic or foreign, and any agency, authority, commission, Notified Body, ministry, instrumentality, regulatory
body, court, tribunal, arbitrator, central bank or other Person exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative
powers or functions of or pertaining to any such government. For the avoidance of doubt, Governmental
Authority shall include the SEC, the Principal Market, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and any agency, branch or other governmental
body, entity or panel charged with the responsibility and/or vested with the authority to administer and/or enforce any health care Laws,
including any Medicare or Medicaid administrators, contractors, intermediaries or carriers.

Guarantee
means the guarantee executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of each Guarantor, substantially in the form of Exhibit D
hereto, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

-14- 

Guarantor
means any Person that signs a Guarantee, which shall include all Material Subsidiaries.

Hazardous Material
means any material, substance, chemical, mixture or waste which is capable of damaging or causing harm to any living organism, the environment
or natural resources, including all explosive, special, hazardous, polluting, toxic, industrial, dangerous, biohazardous, medical, infectious
or radioactive substances, materials or wastes, noise, odor, electricity or heat, and including petroleum or petroleum products, byproducts
or distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, urea formaldehyde, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, ozone-depleting substances,
greenhouse gases, and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law or as to which any Governmental
Authority requires investigation, reporting or remedial action.

Hedging Obligations
means, with respect to any Person, all liabilities of such Person under currency exchange agreements, interest rate swap agreements, interest
rate cap agreements and interest rate collar agreements, and all other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against
fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates.

herein,
hereof, hereto, hereunder and similar terms contained in any Loan Document
refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular Section, paragraph or provision of such Loan Document.

IDE means
an Investigational Device Exemption, as defined in the FD&C Act.

Illegality Notice
is defined in Section 4.6.

Immaterial
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Material
Subsidiary.

including
and include means including without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term, and, for purposes
of each Loan Document, the Parties agree that the rule of ejusdem generis shall not be applicable to limit a general statement,
which is followed by or referable to an enumeration of specific matters, to matters similar to the matters specifically mentioned.

Indebtedness
of any Person means:

(a)all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or advances and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures,
notes or similar instruments;

(b)all obligations, contingent or otherwise, relative to the face amount of all letters of credit, whether or not drawn, and
bankers acceptances issued for the account of such Person;

(c)all Capitalized Lease Liabilities of such Person and all obligations of such Person arising under Synthetic Leases;

(d)net Hedging Obligations of such Person;

-15- 

(e)all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Capital Securities;

(f)whether or not so included as liabilities in accordance with GAAP, all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase
price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period
of more than 9030
days or, if overdue for more than 9030
days, as to which a dispute exists and adequate reserves in conformity with GAAP have been established on the books of such Person),
and ;

(g)indebtedness secured by (or for which the holder of such indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to
be secured by) a Lien on property owned or being acquired by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other
title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; and

(h)(g) all Contingent Liabilities of such Person in respect of any of the
foregoing.

The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the
Indebtedness of any other Person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable
therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such Person, except to the extent the terms
of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.

Indemnified Liabilities
is defined in Section 10.4.

Indemnified Parties
is defined in Section 10.4.

Infringement
and Infringes mean the misappropriation or other violation of know-how, trade secrets, confidential information,
or Intellectual Property.

Initial Closing
Date is defined in the recitals.

Initial Lenders
means DPDF3 and the New Lender, and each of its Approved Funds and Affiliates.

Initial Loan
is defined in the recitals.

Inside
Information is defined in Section 7.14(a).

Insolvency Event
is defined in Section 9.1(h)(iv).

Intellectual Property
means, in any jurisdiction in the world, all: (a) Patents, all patent
applications and invention disclosure documents of any type, registrations and renewals, reissues, reexaminations and patent rights in
any lawful form thereof; (b) Trademarks; (c) Copyrights and other works of authorship (registered or unregistered), and all applications,
registrations and renewals therefor; (d) Product Agreements; (e) computer software, databases, data and documentation; (f) trade secrets
and confidential business information, whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice, know-how, inventions,
manufacturing

-16- 

processes and techniques, research and development information, data
and other information included in or supporting Regulatory Authorizations; (g) financial,
marketing and business data, pricing and cost information, business, finance and marketing plans, customer and prospective customer lists
and information, and supplier and prospective supplier lists and information; (h) other intellectual property or similar proprietary rights;
(i) copies and tangible embodiments of any of the foregoing (in whatever form or medium); and (j)
Regulatory Authorizations; and (k) any and all improvements to any
of the foregoing which is owned, assigned to or could by contract be owned or assigned to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their respective
agents.

Interest Period
means: (a) initially, the period beginning on (and including) the date on which the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan is made hereunder
pursuant to Section 2.3 and ending on (but not including) the last Business Day of the calendar month in which the Loan was made;
and (b) thereafter, the period beginning on (and including) the last Business Day of the immediately preceding calendar month and ending
on the earlier of (i) (but not including) the last Business Day of such calendar month and (ii) (and including) the Maturity Date.

Investigational
Application means an authorization to commence human clinical studies or distribute an investigational product, including (a)
an investigational device exemption (IDE), (b) an abbreviated IDE as specified in FDA regulations in 21 C.F.R. 812.2(b), (c) any
equivalent of a United States IDE in other countries or regulatory jurisdictions, (d) all amendments, variations, extensions and renewals
thereof that may be filed with respect to the foregoing and (e) all related documents and correspondence thereto, including documents
and correspondence with Institutional Review Boards (IRBs).

Investment
means, relative to any Person, (a) any loan, advance or extension of credit made by such Person to any other Person, including the purchase
by such Person of any bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of any other Person, (b) Contingent Liabilities in favor of any
other Person, and (c) any Capital Securities held by such Person in any other Person. The amount of any
Investment shall be the original principal or capital amount thereof less all returns of principal or equity thereon and shall, if made
by the transfer or exchange of property other than cash, be deemed to have been made in an original principal or capital amount equal
to the fair market value of such property at the time of such Investment.

Investment
Documents means, collectively, the Lender Warrants, the Warrant Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement.

Key Permits
means all Permits relating to the Products, which Permits are material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole.

knowledge
of the Borrower means the actual knowledge of any officer of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, after due inquiry.

Laws
is defined in Section 6.18(a).

Left-Heart
Access Device Business means the business of manufacturing and sale of left-heart access devices for distribution by MDT pursuant
to the Distribution Agreement. 

-17- 

Lender
means each Person identified as a Lender on the signature pages hereto and its successors and permitted assigns, which shall
include, for the avoidance of doubt, each Rollover Lender.

Lender
Warrants means those certain warrants to purchase shares of the Borrowers common stock issued to the
Lenders on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date and substantially in the form of Exhibit Ghereto.

Lending Office
means, as to any Lender, the office address of such Lender and, as appropriate, account of such Lender set forth on Schedule 10.2
to the Disclosure Letter or such other address or account as such Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent.

Lien
means (a) any security interest, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation,
assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge against or interest in property, or other priority
or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, to secure payment of a debt or performance of an obligation and
(b) in the case of Capital
Securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such Capital Securities.

Liquidity
means, at any time, an amount determined for the Borrower equal to the sum of unrestricted cash-on-hand and Cash Equivalent Investments
of the Borrower, to the extent held in a Controlled Account located in the United States.

Loan Documents
means, collectively, the Investment Documents, this Agreement, any Notes, the Security
Agreement, the Agency Fee Letter, the Disclosure Letter, the Perfection Certificate, each other agreement pursuant to which a Lien is
granted to secure the Obligations (including any mortgages or other documents entered into pursuant to Section 7.8), any Guarantee,
and each other agreement, certificate, document or instrument delivered in connection with any Loan Document, whether or not specifically
mentioned herein or therein.

Loan Parties
means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor.

Loan Request
means a Loan request and certificate duly executed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit B
hereto.

Loans
means the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan.

Material Adverse
Effect means a material adverse effect or material adverse change
on (a) the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of any Secured Party under any Loan Document or (c) the ability of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary to perform its material Obligations under any Loan Document.

Material Agreements
means: (a) each contract or agreement to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is a party involving either contractual obligations to pay
or has resulted in aggregate payments of more than $1,000,000, whether such payments are being made by the Borrower or any Subsidiary
to a non-Affiliated Person, or by a non-Affiliated Person to the Borrower or any Subsidiary; and (b)
each of the MDT Sale Agreement and the Distribution Agreement; and (c) all

-18- 

other contracts or agreements, individually or in the aggregate, material
to the business, operations, assets, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise), performance or liabilities of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary.

Material Subsidiary
means each Subsidiary which: (a) is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia; (b)
holds right, title or interest in any Intellectual Property; (c) holds or maintains any material Regulatory Authorization, whether now
in effect or hereafter issued by any Regulatory Agency, other than a Regulatory Authorization directly related to its own business operations,
or holds or maintains any Key Permits received from the FDA or any CE mark, in any case whether now in effect or hereafter issued; (d)
conducts business operations other than commercial sales and general and administrative functions (including accounting, regulatory and
finance functions) directly related to such commercial sales operations; (e) is party to any Material Agreement (other than leases of
real property) other than any Material Agreement between such Subsidiary and the Borrower or another Subsidiary; (f) subject to the last
sentence of this definition with respect to the Specified Subsidiaries, has, together with its Subsidiaries, assets with a book value
or fair market value exceeding the lesser of (x) $3,000,00050,000
in the aggregate and (y) 3.00.50%
of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided that, if at any time the aggregate book value or
the aggregate fair market value of the assets attributable to all Subsidiaries that are not Material Subsidiaries exceeds the threshold
referred to above, the Borrower shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries to eliminate such
excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Material Subsidiaries;
(g) has cash and Cash Equivalent Investments exceeding $500,00050,000
individually for a period of more than 15 calendar days (excluding cash or Cash Equivalent Investments in Excluded Accounts); provided
that, if at any time the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalent Investments attributable to all Subsidiaries that are not Material
Subsidiaries exceeds $500,00050,000,
the Borrower shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries to eliminate such excess, and such
designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Material Subsidiaries; (h) subject to
the last sentence of this definition with respect to the Specified Subsidiaries, as of the most recent Fiscal Quarter of the Borrower,
for the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters then ended, contributed greater than 51%
of the Revenue Base for such period; provided that, if at any time the aggregate portion of the Revenue Base attributable to all
Subsidiaries that are not Material Subsidiaries exceeds 51%
of the Revenue Base for any such period, the Borrower shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries
to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Material Subsidiaries;
or (i) any Subsidiary that qualifies or is designated as a Material Subsidiary notwithstanding such Subsidiary, from time to time, no
longer qualifying as a Material Subsidiary pursuant to clauses (a) through (h) above or the last sentence of this definition. Notwithstanding
clauses (f) and (h) above, contrary, no Specified Subsidiary shall constitute a Material Subsidiary until such Specified
Subsidiary would constitute a Material Subsidiary under any of clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (g) and (i) above or has assets with a
book value or fair market value exceeding 2.50.50%
of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of each of the two most recently ended Fiscal
Quarters of the Borrower; provided further that, if at any time the aggregate book value or the aggregate fair market value of
the assets attributable to all Specified Subsidiaries that are not Material Subsidiaries exceeds the threshold referred to above as of
the last day of each of the two most
recently ended Fiscal Quarters of the Borrower, the Borrower shall designate sufficient Specified Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries
to eliminate such

-19- 

excess, and such designated Specified Subsidiaries shall for all purposes
of this Agreement constitute Material Subsidiaries.

Maturity Date
means June 30, 2027.

MDT
means Medtronic, Inc.

MDT Asset
Sale is defined in the recitals.

MDT Asset
SaleDocuments is defined in the
recitalsSection 6.23.

MDT Sale Agreement
means the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2022, by and between the Borrower and MDT, as such agreement may be amended,
supplemented, waived or other modified not in violation of Section 8.9.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and any successor thereto.

Necessary
Disclosure is defined in Section 7.14(c).

Net Asset Sales
Proceeds means, with respect to a Disposition (other than Dispositions of inventory permitted by Section 8.8(a)and the Disposition described in Section 8.8(d)) after the Amendment and Restatement Closing
Date by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to any Person of any assets of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, the excess of gross cash proceeds
received by the Borrower or any Subsidiary from such Disposition over all reasonable and customary costs, fees and expenses, and including
Taxes payable (or estimated in good faith to be payable) by the recipient of such proceeds, incurred in connection with such Disposition
which have not been paid to Affiliates of the Borrower in connection therewith, but excluding any proceeds
required to be paid to a creditor (other than the Lenders) which holds a first priority Lien securing Purchase Money Indebtedness and
Capitalized Lease Liabilities permitted by Section 8.3on the property which is the subject of
such Disposition..

Net Casualty Proceeds
means, with respect to any Casualty Event, the amount of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards received by the Borrower or any
of the Subsidiaries in connection with such Casualty Event (other than proceeds that are used to repair or replace the assets subject
to such Casualty Event within 180 days of receipt of such proceeds with respect to such Casualty Event with like or similar assets of
substantially equal or better value and utility) in excess of $50,00010,000,
individually or in the aggregate, through the Termination Date (in each case net of all reasonable and customary collection expenses thereof
and Taxes payable with respect thereto), but excluding any proceeds or awards required to be paid to
a creditor (other than to the Lenders as required by
the Loan Documents) which holds a first priority Lien permitted by Section 8.3(e)on the property which is the subject of such Casualty Event..

Net Revenue
means net revenue from commercial sales of Products by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as determined in accordance with GAAP. Net Revenue
shall be determined in a manner consistent with the methodologies, practices and procedures used in developing the Borrowers auditedunaudited
financial statements.

-20- 

Non-Excluded Taxes
means any Taxes other than (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by a Persons net income, and franchise Taxes with respect to any Lender
imposed by any Governmental Authority under the Laws of which such Lender is organized or in which it maintains its applicable Lending
Office, (b) branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States or any similar Tax imposed by any other jurisdiction described in clause
(a) above, and (c) (i) any withholding Tax that is imposed by the United States on amounts payable to a Lender at the time such Lender
first becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new Lending Office), except to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor,
if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower
with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 4.3(a), (ii) Taxes attributable to a Lenders failure to comply
with Section 4.3(e) or (iii) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes or other amounts imposed or payable under FATCA.

Note
means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to a Lender, in the form of Exhibit A hereto (as such promissory note may be amended,
endorsed or otherwise modified from time to time), or such other form as agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, evidencing
the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the outstanding amount of such Loans, and also means all other
promissory notes accepted from time to time in substitution therefor or renewal thereof.

Notified Body
means an entity licensed, authorized or approved by the applicable government agency, department or other authority to assess and certify
the conformity of a Device with the requirements of the EU Medical Devices Directive or Medical Device Regulation, as may be applicable.

NYFRB
means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Obligations
means all obligations (monetary or otherwise, whether absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured) of the Borrower and each Subsidiary
arising under or in connection with a Loan Document and the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including interest accruing
during the pendency of any proceeding of the type described in Section 9.1(h), whether or not allowed in such proceeding) on the
Loans (including any Commitment Fee, Exit Fee or Repayment Premium); providedthat any obligations arising pursuant to the Investment Documents are limited to the payment obligations arising thereunder owed
to any Initial Lender.

OFAC
means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

Organic Document
means, relative to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, its certificate of incorporation, by-laws, certificate of partnership, partnership
agreement, certificate of formation, limited liability agreement, operating agreement and all shareholder agreements, voting trusts and
similar arrangements applicable to the Borrowers or any Subsidiarys Capital Securities.

Other Administrative
Proceeding means any administrative proceeding relating to a dispute involving a patent office or other relevant intellectual
property registry which relates to validity, opposition, revocation, ownership or enforceability of the relevant Intellectual Property.

-21- 

Other Taxes
means any and all stamp, documentary or similar Taxes, or any other excise or property Taxes or similar levies that arise solely on account
of any payment made or required to be made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, registration, recording or enforcement
of any Loan Document (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Taxes described in clauses
(a), (b) or (c) of the definition of Non-Excluded Taxes).

Outside Counsel
means, in respect of any Lender, such Lenders outside counsel as may be designated from time to time by such Lender for purposes
hereof and the other Loan Documents (including, to the extent applicable, receiving notices and communications hereunder and under the
other Loan Documents). The initial Outside Counsel for the Lenders upon the Fifth
Amendment and Restatement ClosingEffective
Date shall be Katten Muchin RosenmanSullivan
& Cromwell LLP (Attention: Mark D. Wood).

Outstanding Amount
means with respect to any Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings
and prepayments or repayments of any Loans occurring on such date.

Party
and Parties have the meanings set forth in the preamble.

Patent
means any patent, any type of patent application or invention disclosure, including all divisions, continuations, continuations in-part,
provisionals, continued prosecution applications, substitutions, reissues, reexaminations, inter partes review, post-grant review by or
any other type of proceeding involving patents and patent applications before any patent office or other Governmental Authority, renewals,
extensions, adjustments, restorations, supplemental protection certificates and patent rights in any form and other additions in connection
therewith, whether in or related to the United States or any foreign country or other jurisdiction.

Patent Security
Agreement means any Patent Security Agreement executed and delivered by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in substantially
the form of Exhibit A to the Security Agreement, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

Pending
Arbitration means that certain arbitration set forth in the demand for arbitration and statement of claims dated February 16, 2024
from Biotronik SE & Co. KG, Germany and VascoMed GmbH.

Pending
Exposure means, as of any date, the sum of the aggregate amount of (x) fees, costs, disbursements, payments and other expenses
paid, incurred, accrued or due or made, or agreed to be made or incurred (whether due or payable immediately, over time or otherwise),
in respect of any of the Pending Matters (including legal and other professional fees of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries owing to any Person and arising
out of or otherwise related to any of the Pending Matters), (y) any judgment, order or award (including pursuant to any settlement, proceeding
or otherwise) for the payment of money by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to any Pending Party arising out of or
otherwise related to any of the Pending Matters, and (z) any other fees, costs, disbursements, expenditures, payments and other expenses
paid, incurred, accrued or due, made, or agreed to be made (whether due or payable immediately, over time or otherwise), to any of the
Pending Parties, in respect of any of the Pending Matters or under, 

-22- 

or in
respect of, any Biotronik Agreement, however structured, in the case
of each of clauses (x), (y) and (z), from and after November 8, 2023.

Pending
Matters means, collectively, any litigation, claims, suits, arbitrations, disputes or other proceedings between the Company and
its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Pending Parties, on the other, as described in the Borrowers Form 8-K filed February
8, 2024 and any other litigation, claims, suits, arbitrations, disputes or other proceedings related thereto or to the subject matter
therein and/or between such parties.

Pending
Parties means, collectively or individually, as the context may require, Biotronik SE & Co. KG, Germany and VascoMed GmbH,
and any of their affiliates, including any successors and assigns thereof.

Perfection Certificate
means a certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, setting forth certain matters with respect to the
assets and properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

Permits
means all permits, licenses, registrations, certificates, orders, approvals, clearances, authorizations, consents, waivers, franchises,
variances and similar rights issued by or obtained from any Governmental Authority or any other Person, including those relating to Environmental
Laws and Regulatory Authorizations.

Permitted
Subordinated Indebtedness means Indebtedness incurred after the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date by
the Borrower or the Subsidiaries that is (a) subordinated to the Obligations and all other Indebtedness
owing from the Borrower or the Subsidiaries to the Secured Parties pursuant
to a written subordination agreement satisfactory to the Required Lenders in their sole discretion and (b) in an amount and on terms approved
by the Required Lenders in their sole discretion.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, trust or unincorporated organization,
Governmental Authority or any other legal entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity.

Prime Rate
means (a) the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The
Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the per annum interest rate published by the F.R.S. Board in Federal Reserve Statistical
Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any
similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders) or any similar release
by the F.R.S. Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders) minus (b) 1.00%;
provided that if the Prime Rate shall be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this
Agreement.

Principal
Trading Market means the NASDAQ Capital Market (or any successor to the foregoing); provided,
however, if the Common Stock is delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market and immediately thereupon
listed or quoted on another Eligible Market, Principal Trading Market shall mean such other Eligible Market.

-23- 

Privacy Laws
means all applicable security and privacy standards regarding protected health information under (a) the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, including
the regulations promulgated thereunder and (b) any applicable state privacy Laws.

Product
means the Advanced Cardiac Mapping Technology (AcQMap) and AcQMap non-contact catheter and related software and accessories
developed by the Borrower, and any current or future service or product (including software products and services) researched, designed,
developed, manufactured, licensed, marketed, sold, performed, distributed or otherwise commercialized by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries,
including any such product in development or which may be developed.

Product Agreement
means each agreement, license, document, instrument, interest (equity or otherwise) or the like under which one or more parties grants
or receives any right, title or interest with respect to any Product Development and Commercialization Activities in respect of one or
more Products specified therein or to exclude third parties from engaging in, or otherwise restricting any right, title or interest as
to any Product Development and Commercialization Activities with respect thereto, including each contract or agreement with suppliers,
manufacturers, distributors, clinical research organizations, hospitals, group purchasing organizations, wholesalers, pharmacies or any
other Person related to any such entity.

Product Development
and Commercialization Activities means, with respect to any Product, any combination of research, development, manufacture,
import, use, sale, importation, storage, labeling, marketing, promotion, supply, distribution, testing, packaging, purchasing or other
commercialization activities, receipt of payment in respect of any of the foregoing, or like activities the purpose of which is to commercially
exploit such Product.

Purchase
Money Indebtedness means Indebtedness: (a) consisting of the deferred purchase price for equipment incurred
in connection with the acquisition of such equipment, where the amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the greater of (i) the cost
of the equipment being financed and (ii) the fair market value of such equipment; and (b) incurred to finance such acquisition by the
Borrower or a Subsidiary of such equipment.

QFC has
the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC Credit Support
is defined in Section 10.20.

QSR means
quality systems regulation requirements related to the organizational structure, responsibilities, procedures, processes, and resources
for implementing quality management for the manufacturing of Devices, as set forth in 21 CFR Part 820.

Qualified Capital
Securities shall mean any Capital Securities that are not Disqualified Capital Securities.

Receiving Party
means the Party receiving Confidential Information.

Recipients
is defined in Section 10.14.

-24- 

Refinancing
is defined in the recitals.

Register
has the meaning specified in Section 10.10(ch).

Registration
Rights Agreement means that certain Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, entered into by the Persons parties thereto and substantially
in the form of Exhibit Ihereto, as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

Regulatory Agencies
means any Governmental Authority that is concerned with the use, control, safety, efficacy, reliability, manufacturing, testing, marketing,
distribution, sale or other Product Development and Commercialization Activities relating to any Product of the Borrower or any of the
Subsidiaries, including CMS, FDA, and all similar agencies in other jurisdictions, and includes Standard Bodies and Notified Bodies.

Regulatory Authorizations
means all approvals, clearances, notifications, authorizations, orders, exemptions, registrations, listings, certifications, licenses
and permits granted by, submitted to or filed with any Regulatory Agencies necessary for the testing, manufacture, development, distribution,
use, storage, import, export, transport, promotion, marketing, sale or other commercialization of any Product in any country or jurisdiction,
including any Investigational Application, IDE, premarket approval application (PMA), premarket notification submission (510(k)), and
humanitarian device exemption (HDE).

Related Parties
means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the stockholders, members, partners, directors, officers, employees,
agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Release
means any releasing, disposing, discharging, injecting, spilling, leaking, leaching, pumping, pouring, dumping, depositing, emitting,
escaping, emptying, seeping, dispersal, migrating or placing, including movement through, into or upon the environment or any natural
or man-made structure.

Relevant Governmental
Body means the F.R.S. Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the F.R.S. Board and/or the
NYFRB, or any successor thereto.

Repayment Premium
means a premium of:

(a) five
percent (5.00%) of the principal amount of any prepayment or repayment of the Borrower on the applicable Loan, if such prepayment or repayment
is made or required to be made on or prior to the third anniversary of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date;

(b) two
and one-half percent (2.50%) of the principal amount of any prepayment or repayment of the Borrower on the applicable Loan, if such prepayment
or repayment is not required to be made prior to, and is made or required to be made after the third anniversary of the Amendment and
Restatement Closing Date, but on or prior to the fourth anniversary of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date; or

-25- 

(c) one
percent (1.00%) of the principal amount of any prepayment or repayment of the Borrower on the applicable Loan, if such prepayment or repayment
is not required to be made prior to, and is made or required to be made after the fourth anniversary of the Amendment and Restatement
Closing Date, but prior to the fifth anniversary of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date.

Required Lenders
means Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50% of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders.

Resolution
Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority, or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Restricted Payment
means (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend (other than dividends payable solely in Capital Securities (other than Disqualified
Capital Securities)) on, or the making of any payment or distribution on account of, or setting apart assets for a sinking or other analogous
fund for the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any class of Capital Securities of the Borrower or
any Subsidiary or any warrants, options or other right or obligation to purchase or acquire any such Capital Securities, whether now or
hereafter outstanding, or (b) the making of any other distribution in respect of such Capital Securities, in each case either directly
or indirectly, whether in cash, property or obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or otherwise.

Revenue Base
means, with respect to any period, the Net Revenues of all Products for such period.

Rollover Amount
is defined in the recitals.

Rollover Lender
is defined in the recitals.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a division of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto.

Sanctions
means any international economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States government (including OFAC), the United Nations
Security Council, the European Union, HerHis
Majestys Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority.

SEC means
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents
means all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents filed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with the SEC pursuant
to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (including all financial statements and schedules included therein, all exhibits thereto and
all documents incorporated by reference therein).

Second Amendment
means that certain Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, among the
Borrower and the Lenders party thereto and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent.

Second Amendment
Effective Date means November 8, 2023.

-26- 

Second
Closing has the meaning ascribed to such term in the MDT Sale Agreement. 

Secured Parties
means the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, and, notwithstanding anything contained in any other Loan Document (including any definition
of the term Secured Party or Secured Parties that may be contained therein), for purposes of this Agreement
and any other Loan Document Secured Parties (and Secured Party) includes
each Initial Lender in its capacity as a holder of the Lender Warrants and is read and construed herein and therein to include each such
party in such capacity.

Securities means the Loans,
the Notes,and the
Guarantees, the Lender Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Security Agreement
means the Pledge and Security Agreement executed and delivered by each of the parties thereto, substantially in the form of Exhibit
E hereto, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time.

Solvent
means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater
than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets
of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become
absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond its ability
to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage
in a business or a transaction, for which the property of such Person would constitute an unreasonably small capital and (e) such Person
has not executed this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or made any transfer or incurred any obligations hereunder or thereunder,
with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors. The amount of Contingent Liabilities at any time shall
be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, can reasonably be expected to become
an actual or matured liability.

Specified Restructuring
TransactionMDT Amendment has the meaning
specified in the Second AmendmentSection
8.9.

Specified Subsidiaries
means Acutus Medical, N.V. and Acutus Medical UK Limited.

Standard Bodies
means any of the organizations that create, sponsor or maintain safety, quality or other standards, including ISO, ANSI, CEN and SCC and
the like.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Securities of such other Person (irrespective
of whether at the time Capital Securities of any other class or classes of such other Person shall or might have voting power upon the
occurrence of any contingency) is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more
other Subsidiaries of such Person, or by one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person. Unless the context otherwise specifically requires,
the term Subsidiary shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of Borrower.

-27- 

Supported QFC
is defined in Section 10.20.

Synthetic Lease
means, as applied to any Person, any lease (including leases that may be terminated by the lessee at any time) of any property (whether
real, personal or mixed) (a) that is not a capital lease in accordance with GAAP and (b) in respect of which the lessee retains or obtains
ownership of the property so leased for federal income Tax purposes, other than any such lease under which that Person is the lessor.

Taxes
means all income, stamp or other taxes, duties, levies, imposts, charges, assessments, fees, deductions or withholdings, now or hereafter
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority, and all interest, additions to tax, penalties or similar
liabilities with respect thereto.

Term SOFR
means the greater of (a) for the applicable Interest Period, the forward-looking secured overnight financing rate administered by the
CME Group, Inc. (or other administrator selected by the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders)) and published
on the applicable Bloomberg LP screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be selected by
the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders)), fixed by the administrator thereof two (2) Business Days prior to
the commencement of the applicable Interest Period (provided, however, if Term SOFR is not published for such Business Day,
then Term SOFR shall be determined by reference to the immediately preceding Business Day on which such rate is published), rounded upwards
if necessary, to the next 1/8th of 1% and adjusted for reserves if the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders)
determines that any Lender is required to maintain reserves with respect to the relevant Loans, all as determined by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with this Agreement and the Administrative Agents loan systems and procedures periodically in effect, plus
0.10% and (b) the Floor.

Termination Date
means the date on which all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations and as otherwise modified pursuant to the proviso below,
if applicable) have been paid in full in cash and the Commitment shall have terminated; provided,
that, notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, prior to an Event of Default or an acceleration
of the Obligations (whether under the Investment Documents or any other Loan Document) or exercise of rights and remedies by
the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, Obligations as used herein shall not include any
Obligations arising pursuant to the Investment Documents. .

Third Party
means any Person other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

Total Credit Exposure
means, as to any Lender at any time, the Outstanding Amount of the Loans of such Lender at such time.

Trademark
means any trademark, whether registered or not, service mark, trade name, logo, symbol, trade dress, trade style, domain name, corporate
name, company name, fictitious business name, certification mark, collective mark or other business identifier or indicator of source
or origin, and all applications, registrations and renewals therefor, together with all of the goodwill associated therewith.

-28- 

Trademark Security
Agreement means any Trademark Security Agreement executed and delivered by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries substantially
in the form of Exhibit B to any Security Agreement, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time
to time.

Transactions
is defined in the recitals.

U.S. Special Resolution
Regimes is defined in Section 10.20.

UCC means
the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York; provided that, if, with respect to any financing
statement or by reason of any provisions of Law, the perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection of the security interests
granted to any Secured Party pursuant to the applicable Loan Document is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction
of the United States other than New York, then UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such
other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions of such Loan Document and any financing statement relating to such perfection or effect
of perfection or non-perfection.

UK
Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time)
promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended
from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment
firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution
of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

United States
or U.S. means the United States of America, its fifty states, its territories and jurisdictions, and the District
of Columbia.

Voting Securities
means, with respect to any Person, Capital Securities of any class or kind ordinarily having the power to vote for the election of directors,
managers or other voting members of the governing body of such Person.

Warrant
Purchase Agreement means that certain Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Amendment and Restatement
Closing Date, by and among the Borrower and the Purchasers
(as defined therein).

Warrant
Shares means a number of shares of Common Stock sufficient to cover all shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of all Lender Warrants (computed without regard to any limitations on the number of shares that may be issued upon exercise).

wholly owned Subsidiary
means any direct or indirect Subsidiaries of Borrower, all of the outstanding Capital Securities of which (other than any directors
qualifying shares or

-29- 

investments by foreign nationals mandated by applicable Laws) is owned
directly or indirectly by Borrower.

Wilmington Trust
means Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent.

Write-Down and Conversion
Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority,
the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable
EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.,
and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel,
reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability
arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide
that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect
of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

SECTION
1.2 Use of Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined or the context otherwise requires, terms for which meanings are provided
in this Agreement shall have such meanings when used in each other Loan Document and the schedules attached hereto.

SECTION
1.3 Cross-References. Unless otherwise specified, references in a Loan Document to any Article or Section are references
to such Article or Section of such Loan Document, and references in any Article, Section or definition to any clause are references to
such clause of such Article, Section or definition.

SECTION
1.4 Accounting and Financial Determinations. Unless otherwise specified, all accounting terms used in each Loan Document
shall be interpreted, and all accounting determinations and computations thereunder (including under Section 8.4 and the definitions
used in such calculations) shall be made, in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if either the
Borrower or the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the
Amendment and Restatement Closing Date in GAAP or the application thereof on the operation of such provision, regardless of whether any
such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis
of GAAP in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such request shall have been withdrawn
or such provision amended in accordance herewith; provided, further, that all obligations of any Person that are or would
have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on February
25, 2016 of the ASU shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions, calculations and
covenants for purpose of this Agreement (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding
the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be treated
as capitalized lease obligations in accordance with GAAP. Unless otherwise expressly provided, all financial covenants and defined financial
terms shall be

-30- 

computed on a consolidated basis for
the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, in each case without duplication.

ARTICLE
II

COMMITMENT AND BORROWING PROCEDURES

SECTION
2.1 Commitmentand Lender Warrants.

(a)On the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, each Lender severally agrees to make and otherwise maintain
and/or continue its portion of the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan to the Borrower on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date in
an aggregate principal amount equal to (but not less than) such Lenders Commitment Amount. It is understood and agreed that, subject
to clause (b) below, the Initial Loans made on the Initial Closing Date will be refinanced in full as of the Amendment and Restatement
Closing Date. No amounts paid or prepaid with respect to the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan may be reborrowed.

(b)The Rollover Lender has elected a cashless roll of the remaining portion of its Initial Loans that has not
been repaid and shall be deemed to have made an Amendment and Restatement Term Loan to the Borrower on the Amendment and Restatement Closing
Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Rollover Amount and, the Initial Loan of such Rollover Lender shall be deemed to have
been maintained and/or continued from the Existing Credit Agreement and shall, upon the occurrence of the Amendment and Restatement Closing
Date, continue as an Amendment and Restatement Term Loan in an aggregate principal amount equal to such Rollover Lenders Rollover
Amount.

(c)
The Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the
Lender Warrants and the Loans with respect to which the Lender Warrants are issued as part of an investment unit within
the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Code. The Borrower and the Lenders have
mutually agreed to allocate $0.49 (per share of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Lender Warrants) of the issue price of each
such investment unit (determined in accordance with Section 1273(c)(2) of the Code) to each Lender Warrant for purposes of determining
the amount of original issue discount with respect to the Loans. The Borrower and the Lenders agree to file all applicable tax returns
in a manner consistent with such allocation and not to take any position on any tax return or in any tax proceeding that is inconsistent
with such allocation, unless otherwise required by a contrary determination within the meaning of Section 1313 of the Code.

SECTION
2.2 Borrowing Procedure. The Borrower may irrevocably request that the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan be made by delivering
to the Administrative Agent a Loan Request on or before 10:00 a.m. on a Business Day at least one Business Day prior to the proposed
Amendment and Restatement Closing Date.

-31- 

SECTION
2.3 Funding. After receipt of the Loan Request for the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan, the Administrative Agent shall
promptly notify each Lender of the amount of such Lenders portion of the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan. Each Lender shall,
on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, make the requested proceeds of such Lenders
portion of the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan available to or as instructed by the Administrative Agent. Upon satisfaction of the
applicable conditions set forth in Article V, the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower
by wire transfer to the account the Borrower shall have specified in its Loan Request in an amount equal to (but not less than) the Lenders
Commitment Amount.

SECTION
2.4 Reduction of the Commitment Amounts. The Commitment Amount shall automatically and permanently be reduced to zero on
the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date.

ARTICLE
III

REPAYMENTS, PREPAYMENTS, INTEREST AND FEES

SECTION
3.1 Repayments and Prepayments; Application. The Borrower agrees that the Loans, and any fees or interest accrued or accruing
thereon, shall be repaid and prepaid solely in U.S. dollars pursuant to the terms of this Article III.

SECTION
3.2 Repayments and Prepayments. The Borrower shall repay in full the unpaid principal amount of the Loans on the Maturity
Date. Prior thereto, payments and prepayments of the Loans shall be made as set forth below.

(a)The Borrower shall have the right, with at least three Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time
and from time to time to prepay any unpaid principal amount of the Loans, in whole or in part.

(b)Within three Business Days of receipt by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any (i) Net Casualty Proceeds or (ii) Net Asset
Sales Proceeds, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and Lenders thereof. If requested by the Required Lenders, the Borrower
shall within three (3) Business Days of such request make a mandatory
prepayment of the Loans, in an amount equal to 100% of such Net Casualty Proceeds or Net Asset Sales Proceeds, as the case may be (or
such lesser amount as the Required Lenders may specify on the
date of such request), to be applied as set forth in Section 3.3.

(c)The Borrower shall repay the Loans in full immediately upon any acceleration of the Maturity Date thereof pursuant to Section
9.2 or Section 9.3, unless, pursuant to Section 9.3, only a portion of the Loans is so accelerated (in which case the
portion so accelerated shall be so repaid).

(d)The principal amount of the Loans shall be paid in installments on the dates and in the respective amounts shown below (as
adjusted to the extent of any repayment or prepayment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement):

-32- 

Date of Payment Amount Due

June 30, 2024 $2,500,000.00

June 30, 2025 $7,500,000.002,500,000.00

September 30, 2025 $2,500,000.00

December 31, 2025 $2,500,000.00

June 30, 2026 $10,000,000.00

Maturity Date $15,000,000.00

SECTION
3.3 Application. Except as provided in Section 4.4(b), amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of the outstanding principal
amount of the Loans pursuant to Section 3.2 shall be applied pro rata to the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan and in the inverse
order of maturity.

SECTION
3.4 Interest Rate. During any applicable Interest Period, the Loans shall accrue interest during such Interest Period at
a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the Applicable Margin plus (b) the Term SOFR for such Interest Period. The interest rate
shall be recalculated and, if necessary, adjusted for each Interest Period, in each case pursuant to the terms hereof.

SECTION
3.5 Default Rate. At all times commencing upon the date any Event of Default occurs, and continuing until such Event of
Default is no longer continuing, the Applicable Margin shall be increased by an additional 10.00% from the then existing per annum amount.

SECTION
3.6 Payment Dates. Interest accrued on the Loans shall be payable in cash, without duplication:

(a)on the Maturity Date;

(b)on the date of any payment or prepayment, in whole or in part, of principal outstanding on such Loan on the principal amount
so paid or prepaid;

(c)on the last Business Day of each calendar month; and

(d)on that portion of the Loans that is accelerated pursuant to Section 9.2 or Section 9.3, immediately upon
such acceleration.

Interest accrued on the Loans or other monetary
Obligations after the date such amount is due and payable (whether on the Maturity Date, upon acceleration or otherwise) shall be payable
upon demand.

SECTION
3.7 Repayment Premium. Upon the prepayment or repayment of all or any portion of any Loans (or upon the date any such prepayment
or repayment is required to be paid),

-33- 

whether
pursuant to Section 9.2 or Section 9.3, or otherwise, other than any repayment pursuant to Section 3.2(d), the Borrower
shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, in cash, on the date on which such prepayment or repayment is paid
or required to be paid, as the case may be, in addition to the other Obligations (including the Exit Fee and the Commitment Fee) so prepaid,
repaid or required to be prepaid or repaid, the Repayment Premium that is applicable on such date with respect to the portion of each
Loan of such Lender so prepaid, repaid or required to be prepaid or repaid.

SECTION
3.8 Exit Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, in cash (the Exit
Fee) upon the prepayment or repayment of any or all of the Loans (or upon the date any such prepayment or repayment is required
to be paid), whether pursuant to Section 9.2 or Section 9.3, or otherwise (including any repayment pursuant to Section
3.2(d)), on the date on which such prepayment or repayment is paid or required to be paid, as the case may be, in addition to the
other Obligations (including the Repayment Premium and Commitment Fee, if any) so prepaid, repaid or required to be prepaid or repaid,
a fee in an amount equal to five percent (5.00%) of the principal amount of the Loans of such Lender prepaid, repaid or required to be
prepaid or repaid, as the case may be, on such date; provided, however, that
in the case of any prepayment or repayment of the Loans made or required to be made on any date that is on or after November 13, 2024,
the Exit Fee to be paid by the Borrower shall be in an amount equal to six percent (6.00%) of the principal amount of the Loans prepaid,
repaid or required to be prepaid, as the case may be, on such date. The Exit Fee is fully earned on the Amendment and Restatement
Closing Date and shall be due and payable in cash upon each such prepayment or repayment of the Loan.

SECTION
3.9 Administration Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent such fees in the amounts and at the times specified
under the Agency Fee Letter.

SECTION
3.10 Commitment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, in cash (the Commitment
Fee), on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, a fully earned, non-refundable commitment fee in an amount equal to one-half
percent (0.50%) of the Commitment Amount of such Lender on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date. DPDF3 is electing to receive its
Commitment Fee in cash on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date and the New Lender is electing to deduct its Commitment Fee from
the amount of cash that it is funding on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, and in either case, the Commitment Fee with respect
to both Lenders shall be accounted for as original issue discount on the Loans.

SECTION
3.11 Payments Generally. Subject to Section 9.3, all payments of principal, interest and any Repayment Premium on
the Loans and all other Obligations payable by any Loan Party under the CreditLoan
Documents shall be due, without any presentment thereof, to the Administrative Agent, at the Administrative Agents Office. The
Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient
promptly following receipt. All repayments and prepayments under the CreditLoan
Documents shall be made to the Lenders on a pro rata basis.

ARTICLE
IV

SOFR AND OTHER PROVISIONSSOFR AND OTHER PROVISIONS

-34- 

SECTION
4.1 Increased Costs, Etc The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Lenders for any increase in the cost to the Lenders of, or
any reduction in the amount of any sum receivable by the Lenders in respect of, the Lenders Commitments and the making, continuation
or maintaining of the Loans hereunder that may arise in connection with any Change in Law, except for such changes with respect to increased
capital costs and Taxes, which are governed by Section 4.2 and Section 4.3, respectively. The Administrative Agent shall
notify the Borrower in writing of the occurrence of any such event, stating the reasons therefor and the additional amount required fully
to compensate the Lenders for such increased cost or reduced amount. Such additional amounts shall be payable by the Borrower directly
to the Administrative Agent for the accounts of the Lenders within ten Business Days of its receipt of such notice, and such notice shall,
in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Borrower.

SECTION
4.2 Increased Capital Costs. If any Change in Law affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to
be maintained by any Lender or any Person controlling such Lender, and such Lender determines (in good faith but in its sole and absolute
discretion) that the rate of return on its or such controlling Persons capital as a consequence of the Commitments or the Loans
made by it hereunder is reduced to a level below that which such Lender or such controlling Person could have achieved but for the occurrence
of any such circumstance, then upon notice from time to time by such Lender to the Borrower, the Borrower shall within ten Business Days
following receipt of such notice pay directly to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender additional amounts sufficient
to compensate such Lender or such controlling Person for such reduction in rate of return. A statement of such Lender as to any such additional
amount or amounts shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Borrower. In determining such amount, such
Lender may use any method of averaging and attribution that it (in its reasonable discretion) shall deem applicable.

SECTION
4.3 Taxes. The Borrower covenants and agrees as follows with respect to Taxes:

(a)Except as required by applicable Law, any and all payments by the Borrower or any Subsidiary under each Loan Document shall
be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any Taxes are imposed
and required to be deducted or withheld from any payment required to be made by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries to or on behalf
of the Lenders under any Loan Document, then:

(i)if such Taxes are Non-Excluded Taxes, the amount of such payment shall be increased as may be necessary so that such payment
is made, after withholding or deduction for or on account of such Non-Excluded Taxes, in an amount that is not less than the Lender would
have received had no such withholding or deduction for Non-Excluded Taxes been made; and

(ii)the Borrower or such Subsidiary shall deduct or withhold the full amount of such Taxes from such payment (as increased pursuant
to clause 4.3(a)(i)) and shall pay such amount to the Governmental Authority
imposing such Taxes in accordance with applicable Law.

-35- 

(b)In addition, the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary shall pay all Other Taxes imposed to the relevant Governmental Authority
imposing such Other Taxes in accordance with applicable Law.

(c)As promptly as practicable after the payment of any Taxes or Other Taxes required to be paid by the Borrower under Section
4.3(a) or (b), and in any event within 45 days of any such payment being due, the Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative
Agent a copy of an official receipt (or a certified copy thereof) evidencing the payment of such Taxes or Other Taxes.

(d)The Borrower shall indemnify each Lender for any Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes levied, imposed or assessed on (and
whether or not paid directly by) such Lender whether or not such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes are correctly or legally asserted by
the relevant Governmental Authority. Promptly upon having knowledge that any such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes have been levied,
imposed or assessed, and promptly upon notice thereof by such Lender, the Borrower shall pay such Non-Excluded Taxes or Other Taxes directly
to the relevant Governmental Authority (provided that such Lender shall not be under any obligation to provide any such notice
to the Borrower). In addition, the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender for any incremental Taxes that may become payable by such Lender
as a result of any failure of the Borrower to pay any Taxes when due, pursuant to clause 4.3(a)(ii)
or (b), to the appropriate Governmental Authority or to deliver to such Lender, pursuant to clause (c), documentation evidencing
the payment of Taxes or Other Taxes. With respect to indemnification for Non-Excluded Taxes and Other Taxes actually paid by each Lender
or the indemnification provided in the immediately preceding sentence, such indemnification shall be made within 30 days after the date
such Lender makes written demand therefor. The Borrower acknowledges that any payment made to any Lender or to any Governmental Authority
in respect of the indemnification obligations of the Borrower provided in this clause (d) shall constitute a payment in respect
of which the provisions of clause (a) and this clause (d) shall apply.

(e)The Lender, or any assignee of Lenders rights hereunder or replacement of Lender hereunder if applicable, shall upon
reasonable request of Borrower furnish to Borrower IRS Form W-9, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or other appropriate version of
IRS Form W-8), as applicable, and such other tax forms and information that it is legally permitted to provide to Borrower as necessary
for tax reporting or withholding requirements of Borrower (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any requirements under FATCA).

(f)Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has
received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 4.3 (including by the payment
of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the
extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses
(including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest

-36- 

(other
than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request
of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (f) (plus any penalties,
interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay
such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the
indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would
place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject
to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments
or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified
party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying
party or any other Person.

(g)For purposes of sections 1272, 1273 and 1275 of the Code and the U.S. Department of Treasury regulations thereunder, the
Loans are being issued with original issue discount. Requests for information regarding the issue price, amount of original issue discount,
issue date, and yield to maturity on the Loans shall be directed to the Borrower, at the address of the Borrower specified on Schedule
10.2 to the Disclosure Letter.

(h)Each partys obligations under this Section 4.3 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all other Obligations.

SECTION
4.4 Payments, Computations; Proceeds of Collateral, Etc.

(a)Unless otherwise expressly provided in a Loan Document, all payments by the Borrower pursuant to each Loan Document shall
be made without setoff, deduction or counterclaim not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date due in same day or immediately available funds,
marked for attention as indicated, or in such other manner or to such other account in any United States bank as the Administrative Agent
may from time to time direct in writing. Funds received after 1:00 p.m. on any day shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding
Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. All interest and fees shall be computed on the basis of the
actual number of days occurring during the period for which such interest or fee is payable over a year comprised of 360 days. Payments
due on other than a Business Day shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall be included in computing
interest and fees in connection with that payment.

(b)All amounts received as a result of the exercise of remedies under the Loan Documents (including from the proceeds of collateral
securing the Obligations) or under applicable Law shall be applied upon receipt to the Obligations as follows: (i)

-37- 

first,
to the payment in full in cash of all interest (including interest accruing after the commencement of a proceeding in bankruptcy, insolvency
or similar Law, whether or not permitted as a claim under such Law) and fees owing under the Loan Documents, and all costs and expenses
owing to the Lenders pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents, until paid in full in cash, (ii) second, after payment in full in cash
of the amounts specified in clause (b)(i), to the payment of the principal amount of the Loans then outstanding, (iii) third,
after payment in full in cash of the amounts specified in clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii), to the payment of all other Obligations
owing to the Lenders, and (iv) fourth, after payment in full in cash of the amounts specified in clauses (b)(i) through (b)(iii),
and following the Termination Date, to the Borrower or any other Person lawfully entitled to receive such surplus.

(c)The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.4(c) are several
and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to make any payment under Section 10.4(c) on any date required hereunder
shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure
of any other Lender to so make its Loan or to make its payment under Section 10.4(c).

(d)Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner
or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or
manner.

(e)If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest
on its portion of any of the Loans or any Repayment Premium in connection therewith resulting in such Lenders receiving payment
of a proportion of the aggregate amount of the Loans and accrued interest thereon and any Repayment Premium in connection therewith greater
than its Applicable Percentage thereof as provided herein, then the Lender shall (x) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact and
(y) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the portions of the Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments
as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate
amount of principal of, accrued interest on and any Repayment Premium in connection with their respective portions of the Loans and other
amounts owing them; provided that:

(i)if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations
shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and

(ii)the provisions of this Section 4.4(e) shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of
the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration
for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its portion of the Loans to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment
to a Loan Party (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply).

-38- 

Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing
and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing
arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if
such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation.

SECTION
4.5 Setoff. Each Lender shall, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default described in clauses (i)
through (iv) of Section 9.1(h) or, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any other Event of Default, have the
right to appropriate and apply to the payment of the Obligations owing to it (whether or not then due), and (as security for such Obligations)
the Borrower hereby grants to each Lender a continuing security interest in, any and all balances, credits, deposits, accounts or moneys
of the Borrower then or thereafter maintained with or on behalf of such Lender. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower after
any such appropriation and application made by it; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity
of such setoff and application. The rights of each Lender under this Section 4.5 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including
other rights of setoff under applicable Law or otherwise) which each Lender may have.

SECTION
4.6 Rates; Inability to Determine Rate; Illegality; Benchmark Replacement.

(a)The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to
(a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Prime Rate or Term SOFR,
or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate
thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor
or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or
have the same volume or liquidity as, the Prime Rate or Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability,
or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related
entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Prime Rate or Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement
rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The
Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Prime Rate or Term SOFR
or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender
or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages,
costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any
such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

(b)If at any time the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) determines (which determination shall
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or the Required
Lenders determine that for any reason that Term SOFR does

-39- 

not adequately
and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such
determination to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon such notice,
the per annum interest rate applicable to the Loan shall be deemed to be the sum of (x) the Prime Rate, plus (y) the Applicable Margin.
Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted.

(c)If any Lender determines that any applicable Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that
it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund the Loan at an interest rate determined by reference
to Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest based upon Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through
the Administrative Agent) (an Illegality Notice), (a) any obligation of the Lenders to make Term SOFR loans shall
be suspended until each affected Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such
determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of an Illegality Notice, the Borrower shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, upon demand
from any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay the Loan or, if applicable, the interest rate for the Loan shall be
deemed to be the sum of (x) the Prime Rate plus (y) the Applicable Margin, until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by each
affected Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR. Upon any such
prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.

(d)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current
Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00
p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected
Lenders and the Borrower. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 4.6 will occur prior
to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date.

(e)In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent
(at the direction of the Required Lenders) will have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to make Conforming Changes from time
to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming
Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(f)The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement
and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration,

-40- 

adoption
or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of the commencement of any Benchmark
Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender
(or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 4.6, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any
selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from
any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section
4.6.

(g)Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the interest rate
shall be deemed to be the sum of (x) the Prime Rate plus (y) the Applicable Margin.

ARTICLE
V

CONDITIONS TO MAKING THE LOANS

SECTION
5.1 Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to make its portion of the Amendment and Restatement Term Loan shall
be subject to the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Parties, the delivery of a Loan Request as requested pursuant to Section
2.3, and the satisfaction (or waiver by the requisite Lenders) of each of the conditions precedent set forth below in this Article.

SECTION
5.2 Secretarys Certificate, Etc The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received from the Borrower and
each Subsidiary party to a Loan Document, (i) a copy of a good standing certificate, dated a date reasonably close to the Amendment
and Restatement Closing Date, for each such Person in such Persons jurisdiction of formation and (ii) a certificate, dated
as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by such Persons Secretary or Assistant Secretary,
managing member or general partner, as applicable, as to:

(a)resolutions of each such Persons board of directors (or other managing body,
in the case of other than a corporation)Board
of Directors and any other corporate resolutions required by applicable Law or pursuant to such Persons Organic Documents,
each of which shall be then in full force and effect, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Document to be
executed by such Person and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby;

(b)the incumbency and signatures of those of its officers, managers, managing member or general partner, as applicable, authorized
to act with respect to each Loan Document to be executed by such Person; and

(c)each Organic Document of such Person being in full force and effect, and attaching copies thereof;

-41- 

upon
which certificates the Administrative Agent and each Lender may conclusively rely until it shall have received a further certificate
of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary, managing member or general partner, as applicable, of any such Person canceling or amending the
prior certificate of such Person.

SECTION
5.3 Closing Date Certificate. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received a Closing Date Certificate, dated
as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, and duly executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower, in which certificate
the Borrower shall certify that (a) the representations and warranties set forth in each Loan Document shall, in each case, be true and
correct in all material respects (except with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
which representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date; provided,
however that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct in all material
respects (except with respect to any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, which representation
or warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such date, (b) no Default shall have then occurred and be continuing, or
would result from the Loan to be advanced on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, and (c) all of the applicable conditions set
forth in this Article V have been satisfied (or waived by the requisite Lenders).

SECTION
5.4 Partial Repayment of Existing Loans. The Refinancing shall have been, or shall concurrently with the initial funding
of Amendment and Restatement Term Loans be, consummated, and all expenses and fees (including any exit fees, prepayment premiums and similar
fees) shall have been paid in full in cash to the Existing Lenders.

SECTION
5.5 Delivery of Notes. Each Lender that is an Existing Lender shall have received a Note (amended and restated or otherwise),
in each case, duly executed and delivered by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower.

SECTION
5.6 [Reserved].

SECTION
5.7 MDT Sale. The First Closing (as defined in the MDT Sale Agreement) shall have been consummated in accordance with the
MDT Sale Agreement, including receipt by the Borrower of the First Closing Purchase Price (as defined in the MDT Sale Agreement).

SECTION
5.8 Solvency, Etc. The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate duly executed and
delivered by the chief financial or accounting Authorized Officer of the Borrower, dated as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date
(and after giving effect to the Transactions), in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent.

SECTION
5.9 Guarantee. With respect to any Material SubsidiariesSubsidiary
(if any) as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date that are not Guarantors as of such date, the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent shall have received executed counterparts of the Guarantee, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed and delivered by each such
Material Subsidiary.

-42- 

SECTION
5.10 Security Agreements. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received executed counterparts of the Security
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and each Material Subsidiary (if any), together with:

(a)certificates (in the case of Capital Securities that are securities (as defined in the UCC)) evidencing all of the issued
and outstanding Capital Securities owned by the Borrower or any Guarantor in in any Subsidiaries,
which certificates in each case shall be accompanied by undated instruments of transfer duly executed in blank, to the extent such certificates
and undated instruments is not in the possession of the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date hereof;

(b)financing statements suitable in form for naming the Borrower and each Material Subsidiary as a debtor and the Administrative
Agent as the secured party, or other similar instruments or documents to be filed under the UCC of all jurisdictions as may be necessary
or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, desirable to perfect the security interests of the Administrative Agent
and the other Secured Parties pursuant to the Security Agreement, to the extent such financing statements are not filed and effective
on or prior to the date hereof;

(c)UCC Form UCC-3 termination statements, if any, necessary to release all Liens and other rights of any Person, except for
Liens permitted pursuant to Section 8.3, (i) in any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or (ii) securing any of the Indebtedness
identified in Schedule 8.2(b)(i) to the Disclosure Letter, together with such other UCC Form UCC-3 termination statements as the
Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request from the Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(d)[reserved]; and

(e)evidence that all deposit accounts, lockboxes, disbursement accounts, investment accounts or other similar accounts of the
Borrower and each Material Subsidiary are Controlled Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts).

SECTION
5.11 Intellectual Property Security Agreements. In case the Collateral includes any Patents, any Copyrights or any Trademarks
for which a filing has not been made prior to the date hereof, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received, respectively,
a Patent Security Agreement, a Copyright Security Agreement and a Trademark Security Agreement, as applicable, each dated as of the Amendment
and Restatement Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that, pursuant to the Security Agreement,
is required to provide such intellectual property security agreements to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

SECTION
5.12 Opinions of Counsel. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received an opinion, dated the Amendment and
Restatement Closing Date and addressed to the Secured Parties, from Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries,
and Morris, Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell LLP, Delaware counsel to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, each in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.

-43- 

SECTION
5.13 [Reserved]

SECTION
5.14 Closing Fees, Expenses, Etc. Each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have received for its own account all fees,
costs and expenses due and payable pursuant to Sections 3.9, 3.10 and 10.4.

SECTION
5.15 Anti-Terrorism Laws. Each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five (5) Business Days
prior to the date hereof, all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know
your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the U.S. Patriot Act.

SECTION
5.16 [Reserved].

SECTION
5.17 Equity Matters. (a) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received evidence
reasonably satisfactory to them that the Lender Warrants and the Warrant Shares shall have been approved by the Borrowers board
of directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, and shall therefor be exempt from the liability provisions of Section
16(b) of the Exchange Act, (b) the Lenders shall be reasonably satisfied that the common stock of the Borrower issuable upon exercise
of the Lender Warrants (without any limitation on exercise thereof) shall have been duly reserved for such issuance and the
Borrower shall have taken such action as is necessary for such shares to be traded on the Principal Trading
Market and (c) the Lenders shall be reasonably satisfied that no Major Transaction (as defined in the
Lender Warrants) shall have occurred, nor shall have any agreement been entered into in respect of a Major
Transaction.

SECTION 5.17
[Reserved].

SECTION
5.18 Loan Documents; Lender Warrants. The Administrative Agent and
the Lenders shall have received executed counterparts of this Agreement,and
each Loan Document and the Lender Warrants, each properly executed by the Borrower and
by an Authorized Officer of each other signing Loan Party and each other party to such Loan Documents.

SECTION
5.19 Lien and Judgment Searches. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received the results of a recent lien
and judgment search in the jurisdiction of each Loan Party as determined by the Lenders to its satisfaction and such searches shall be
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.

ARTICLE
VI

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

In order to induce the Lenders
and the Administrative Agent to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans hereunder, the Borrower represents and warrants to the
Lenders and the Administrative Agent that:

SECTION
6.1 Organization, Etc. Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary (a) is validly organized and existing and in good standing
under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a
foreign entity in each

-44- 

jurisdiction
where the nature of its business requires such qualification (unless the failure to so qualify as a foreign entity could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), and (b) has full power and authority and holds all requisite
material governmental licenses, Permits and other approvals required (i) to enter into and perform its Obligations under each CreditLoan
Document to which it is a party, and (ii) to own and hold under lease its property and to conduct its business in all material
respects substantially as currently conducted by it.

SECTION
6.2 Due Authorization, Non-Contravention, Etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower and each Subsidiary
of each CreditLoan
Document executed or to be executed by it to which it is a party are in each case within such Persons corporate or organizational
powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or organizational action, and do not:

(a)contravene (i) the Borrowers or any Subsidiarys Organic Documents, (ii) any court decree or order binding
on or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary or (iii) any Law or regulation binding on or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
or

(b)result in (i) or require the creation or imposition of any Lien on the Borrowers or any Subsidiarys properties
(except as permitted by this Agreement) or (ii) a default under any material contract, agreement, or instrument binding on or affecting
the Borrower or any Subsidiary.

SECTION
6.3 Government Approval, Regulation, Etc No authorization, approval, clearance or other action by, and no notice to or filing
with, any Governmental Authority or other Person (other than those that have been, or on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date will
be, duly obtained or made and which are, or on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date will be, in full force and effect) is required
for the due execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any CreditLoan
Document to which it is a party.

SECTION
6.4 Validity, Etc. Each CreditLoan
Document to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Person enforceable
against such Person in accordance with its respective terms (except, in any case, as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar Laws affecting creditors rights generally and by principles of equity).

SECTION
6.5 Financial Information. As of their respective dates, the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules
and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied
(subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments that are not material individually or
in the aggregate), and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity for the periods
presented (subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly financial statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments that are not material

-45- 

individually
or in the aggregate). The accounting firm that expressed its opinion with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in
the Borrowers most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K, and reviewed the consolidated financial statements included in the
Borrowers most recently filed quarterly report on Form 10-Q, was independent of the Borrower pursuant to the standards set forth
in Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC and as required by the applicable rules and guidance from the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), and such firm was otherwise qualified to render such opinion under applicable Law and the rules and
regulations of the SEC. There is no transaction, arrangement or other relationship between the Borrower (or any of its Subsidiaries)
and an unconsolidated or other off-balance-sheet Person that is required to be disclosed by the Borrower in the SEC Documents that has
not been so disclosed in the SEC Documents. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to file any agreement, note,
lease, mortgage, deed or other instrument entered into prior to the date this representation is made and to which the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is bound that has not been previously filed as an
exhibit (including by way of incorporation by reference) to the Borrowers reports filed or made with the SEC under the Exchange
Act. Other than (i) the liabilities assumed or created pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) liabilities accrued
for in the latest balance sheet included in the Borrowers most recent periodic report (on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K) filed prior
to the date this representation is made (the date of such balance sheet, the Latest Balance Sheet Date) and (iii)
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since the Latest Balance Sheet Date, the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries do not have, to their knowledge, any other liabilities (whether fixed or unfixed, absolute or contingent, asserted
or unasserted, choate or inchoate, liquidated or unliquidated, or secured or unsecured, and regardless of when any action, claim, suit
or proceeding with respect thereto is instituted).

SECTION
6.6 No Material Adverse Change. There has been no material adverse change in the business, financial performance or condition,
operations (including the results thereof), assets, properties or prospects of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since
December 31, 2021.

SECTION
6.7 Litigation, Labor Matters and Environmental Matters.

(a)Except as described on Schedule 6.7(a) to the Disclosure Letter, there are no actions, suits or proceedings by or
before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, against or affecting
the Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) as to which there is a reasonable likelihood of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined,
would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in liabilities in excess of $500,000 or (ii) that would reasonably
be likely to adversely affect this Agreementthe
Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby, the Collateral
or the ability of the Loan Parties to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents.

(b)There are no labor controversies pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, against or affecting
the Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) that would reasonably be expected, individually or
in the aggregate, to result in liabilities in excess of $500,000 or (ii) that would reasonably be likely to adversely affect this
Agreementthe Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated
hereby, the Collateral 

-46- 

or
the ability of the Loan Parties to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents.

(c)Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply
with any Permit under or in connection with any Environmental Law (Environmental Permit), (ii) is or has been subject
to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any Environmental Liability, or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental
Liability, in each case of clauses (i) through (iv) above, which would reasonably be expected to result in any
liabilities to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in excess of $500,000.

SECTION
6.8 Subsidiaries. TheAs
of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, (i) the Borrower has no Subsidiaries except those Subsidiaries that are identified in Schedule
6.8 to the Disclosure Letter (which Schedule also identifies the direct and indirect owners of the Capital Securities of such Subsidiaries)
or which are permitted to have been organized or acquired after the Amendment and Restatement Closing
Date in accordance with Section
8.5and Section 8.7. As of the Amendment
and Restatement Closing Date,and (ii) the Borrower
has no Subsidiary that is a Materialnot
an Immaterial Subsidiary. As of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date,
no Immaterial Subsidiary engages in any business activity or holds any assets or revenues.

SECTION
6.9 Ownership of Properties. The Borrower and each Subsidiary owns (a) in the case of owned real property, good and
marketable fee title to, and (b) in the case of owned personal property, good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased real
or personal property, valid and enforceable leasehold interests (as the case may be) in, all of its properties and assets, tangible and
intangible, of any nature whatsoever, free and clear in each case of all Liens or claims, except for Liens permitted pursuant to Section
8.3.

SECTION
6.10 Taxes. The Borrower and each Subsidiary has filed all federal income and other material Tax returns and reports required
by Law to have been filed by it and has paid all Taxes due and owing (other than any amounts not to exceed $100,000 in the aggregate),
except any such Taxes which are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in
accordance with GAAP have been set aside on its books. There is no ongoing or pending suit with respect to any Material
Taxesmaterial taxes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries.

SECTION
6.11 Benefit Plans, Etc. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates sponsors,
maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute to, or has any actual or potential liability with respect to, any Benefit Plan. None
of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement, and none of the employees of the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries are subject to any collective bargaining agreement with respect to their employment with the Borrower or any
of the Subsidiaries. Each employee benefit plan as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA that provides retirement benefits, is
sponsored by the Borrower or any of their ERISA Affiliates, and is intended to be Tax qualified under section 401 of the Code has a determination
letter or opinion letter from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service on which it remains entitled to rely, and no assets of any such plan are
invested in Capital Securities of the Borrower. Each employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA) sponsored,
maintained, contributed to or required to be contributed to by the Borrower or

-47- 

any Subsidiary
has complied, both in form and in operation, in all material respects with its terms and applicable Law. Each employee benefit plan as
defined in section 3(3) of ERISA that provides medical, dental, vision, or long-term disability benefits and that is sponsored by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates (or under which any of these entities has any actual or potential
liability) is fully insured by a third party insurance company.

SECTION
6.12 Accuracy of Information. None of the information heretofore or contemporaneously furnished in writing to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated
hereby contains any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits to state any material fact necessary to make any information not misleading
(it being recognized by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that the projections and forecasts provided by the Borrower in good faith
and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections
and forecasts may differ materially from the projected or forecasted results).

SECTION
6.13 Regulations U and X. None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary is engaged in the business of extending credit for the
purpose of buying or carrying margin stock, and no proceeds of the Loans will be used to purchase or carry margin stock or otherwise for
a purpose which violates, or would be inconsistent with, Regulation U or Regulation X of the F.R.S. Board. Terms for which meanings
are provided in Regulation U and Regulation X of the F.R.S. Board, or any regulations substituted therefor, as from time to time
in effect, are used in this Section 6.13 with such meanings.

SECTION
6.14 Solvency. The Borrower, individually, and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, on a consolidated basis,
both before and after giving effect to each of the Loans and other Transactions, are Solvent.

SECTION
6.15 Intellectual Property. As of the Fifth Amendment Effective
Date:

(a)Schedule 6.15(a) to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and accurate list as of the Fifth
Amendment and Restatement ClosingEffective
Date of all (i) Patents, including any Patent applications, (ii) registered and material unregistered Trademarks (including domain names)
and any pending registrations for Trademarks, (iii) any other registered Intellectual Property and (iv) any commercially significant unregistered
Intellectual Property, in each case of clauses (i) through (iv) that are owned by or licensed to the Borrower or any of
the Subsidiaries. For each item of Intellectual Property listed on Schedule 6.15(a) to the Disclosure Letter, the Borrower has,
where relevant, indicated (A) the countries in each case in which such item is registered, (B) the application numbers, (C) the registration
or patent numbers, (D) with respect to the Patents, the expected expiration date of the issued Patents, (E) the owner of such item of
Intellectual Property, (F) with respect to Intellectual Property owned by any Third Party that is licensed to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries and is material to the business of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries(other than non-exclusive
licenses to over-the-counter or open-source software
that is commercially available to the public), the agreement pursuant to which that Intellectual Property is licensed to the Borrower
or any Subsidiary and (G) with respect to material Intellectual Property

-48- 

licensed
to any Third Party, the agreement pursuant to which that Intellectual Property is licensed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary.

(b)With respect to all material Intellectual Property listed, or required
to be listed, on Schedule 6.15(a) to the Disclosure Letter:

(i)the Borrower or a Subsidiary owns, has a valid license or rights in any other form to all rights associated with such Intellectual
Property free and clear of any and all claims challenging an aspect of inventorship or ownership or Liens, other than Liens permitted
pursuant to Section 8.3, and all such Intellectual Property are in full force and effect, and have not expired, lapsed or been
forfeited, cancelled or abandoned unless permitted hereunder;

(ii)each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, as applicable, has taken commercially reasonable actions to maintain and protect
such Intellectual Property and there are no unpaid maintenance or renewal fees payable by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries that
are currently overdue for any of such registered Intellectual Property;

(iii)there is no actual or threatened (in writing or, to the knowledge of Borrower, orally) proceeding in any court, patent office,
Governmental Authority, arbitral body or elsewhere challenging the validity or enforceability of any such Intellectual Property, none
of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is involved in any such proceeding with any Person and none of the Intellectual Property is
the subject of any Other Administrative Proceeding;

(iv)to the knowledge of the Borrower, (A) such Intellectual Property is valid, enforceable and subsisting and (B) no event has
occurred, and nothing has been done or omitted to have been done, that would affect the validity or enforceability of such Intellectual
Property; and

(v)each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary, as applicable, is the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title and interest
in and to all such Intellectual Property that is owned by it.

(c)To the knowledge of the Borrower, no Third Party is committing any act of Infringement of any Intellectual Property listed,
or required to be listed, on Schedule 6.15(a) to the Disclosure Letter.

(d)With respect to each material license agreement listed on Schedule 6.15(a) to the Disclosure Letter, such license
agreement (i) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against the Borrower and the Subsidiaries party thereto
and all other parties thereto in accordance with its terms, (ii) has not been amended or otherwise modified, except as set forth on Schedule
6.15(a) to the Disclosure Letter, and (iii) has not suffered a default or breach thereunder. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
has taken or omitted to take any action that would permit any other Person party to any such material license agreement to have, and no

-49- 

such
Person otherwise has, any defenses, counterclaims, termination rights or rights of setoff thereunder.

(e)Except as set forth on Schedule 6.15(e) to the Disclosure Letter, none of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
has received written notice from any Third Party alleging that the conduct of its business (including the development, manufacture, use,
sale or other commercialization of any Product) Infringes any Intellectual Property of that Third Party and, to the knowledge of the Borrower,
the conduct of its business and the business of the Subsidiaries (including the development, manufacture, use, sale or other commercialization
of any Product) does not Infringe any Intellectual Property of any Third Party.

(f)The Borrower and the Subsidiaries have used commercially reasonable efforts and precautions to protect their respective
commercially significant unregistered Intellectual Property.

SECTION
6.16 Material Agreements. Set forth on Schedule 6.16 to the Disclosure Letter is a complete and accurate list as
of the Fifth Amendment and Restatement
ClosingEffective Date of all Material Agreements,
in each case of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, with an adequate description of the parties thereto, subject matter thereof and
amendments and modifications thereto. As of such dates, respectivelythe
Fifth Amendment Effective Date, each such Material Agreement (i) is in full force and effect and is the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries parties thereto, enforceable against the Borrower and the Subsidiaries party thereto and,
to the knowledge of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries party thereto, all other parties thereto in accordance with its terms, (ii) has
not been amended or otherwise modified and (iii) has not suffered a default thereunder that remains uncured. As of such
dates, respectively,the Fifth Amendment Effective Date,
(A) none of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is in breach or in default under any Material Agreement, nor has any of the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries taken any action that would permit any other Person party to any Material Agreement to enforce, and no such
Person otherwise has the right to enforce, any defenses, counterclaims, termination rights or rights of setoff thereunder and (B) to the
knowledge of the Borrower, no such other Person party to such Material Agreement is in breach or in default thereunder.

SECTION
6.17 Permits. The Borrower and the Subsidiaries have all material Permits, including Environmental Permits, necessary or
required for the ownership, operation and conduct of their business and the distribution of the Products. All such Permits are validly
held and there are no material defaults thereunder.

SECTION
6.18 Regulatory Matters.

(a)The business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has been, and currently is, being conducted in compliance with all applicable
material U.S. federal, state, provincial, territorial, local or foreign laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations,
guidances, judgments, orders, injunctions, decrees, arbitration awards and Key Permits issued by any Governmental Authority (collectively,
Laws), including the FD&C Act and Privacy Laws and other similar state, provincial and foreign Laws. 

-50- 

The Products
were researched, developed, designed, distributed and validated in material compliance with all applicable Laws, including the FD&C
Act, FTC Act, Privacy Laws and state laws, and have been and continue to be performed, marketed, labeled, assembled, stored, packaged
and conducted in material compliance with all applicable Laws, including the FD&C Act, FTC Act, Privacy Laws and state laws. All
required notices, registrations and listings, supplemental applications or notifications, reports (including reports of adverse experiences)
and other required filings and Regulatory Authorizations with respect to the Products have been filed with the FDA and all other applicable
Governmental Authorities.

(b)To the Borrowers knowledge, no material investigation or prosecution by any Governmental Authority with respect to the Borrower
or any Subsidiary has occurred, nor is any such action pending or threatened. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries has received
any written communication from any Person (including any Governmental Authority) alleging any noncompliance with any Laws or any written
communication from any Governmental Authority of any material issues regarding the quality or performance of any Product, and to the knowledge
of the Borrower, there is no basis for any adverse regulatory action against the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries with respect to any
Product. There have been no product recalls, safety alerts, corrections, withdrawals, clinical holds, marketing suspensions, or removals
conducted, undertaken or issued by any Person, whether or not at the request, demand or order of any Governmental Authority or otherwise,
with respect to any Product, and, to the Borrowers knowledge, there is no basis for the issuance of any such product recalls, safety
alerts, corrections, withdrawals, clinical holds, marketing suspensions, or removals, by any Person with respect to any Products. None
of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries has received any written notice of, and does not otherwise have knowledge of, any criminal,
injunctive, seizure, detention or civil penalty actions that have at any time been commenced or threatened in writing by any Governmental
Authority with respect to or in connection with any Product, or any consent decrees (including plea agreements) which relate to any Product,
and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, there is no basis for the commencement for any criminal injunctive, seizure, detention or civil
penalty actions by any Governmental Authority relating to any Product or for the issuance of any consent decrees.

(c)The Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary, as the case may be, owns, free and clear of all Liens, except those permitted pursuant
to Section 8.3, all Key Permits, including all authorizations under the FD&C Act and state laws, and comparable laws outside
the United States, necessary for the research and development and commercialization of the Products and to carry on Borrowers and
each such Subsidiarys respective business. All such Key Permits are valid, and in full force and effect and the Borrower or each
such Subsidiary is in material compliance with all terms and conditions of such Key Permits and with all filing and maintenance requirements
(including any fee requirements) thereof. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries has received any written notice that any Key
Permits have been or are being revoked, withdrawn, suspended or challenged.

-51- 

(d)As of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date, the Borrower has made available to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders lists and, if requested, copies of all Key Permits and material correspondence submitted to or received
from FDA, CMS, or other Governmental Authority (including minutes and official contact reports relating to any material communications
with any Governmental Authority) in the Borrowers possession or control. As of the Amendment and Restatement Closing
Date, the Borrower has made available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders lists and, if requested, copies of all material adverse
event reports and communications to or from the FDA (if any) and other relevant Governmental Authorities, including inspection reports,
warning letters, untitled letters, and material reports, studies and other correspondence, other than opinions of counsel that are attorney-client
privileged, with respect to regulatory matters relating to the Borrower and any Subsidiaries, the conduct of their business, the operation
of any manufacturing facilities owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, and the Products. There has been
no material untrue statement of fact and no fraudulent statement made by the Borrower, any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
agents or representatives to the FDA, CMS, or any other Governmental Authority, and there has been no failure to disclose any material
fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or any other Governmental Authority.

(e)With respect to the Products, (i) all design, manufacturing, storage, distribution, packaging, labeling, sale, recordkeeping and
other activities by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and their respective suppliers relating to the Products have been conducted,
and are currently being conducted, in material compliance with the applicable requirements of the FD&C Act and other requirements
of the FDA and all other Governmental Authorities, including the QSR, medical device reporting requirements, and adverse event reporting
requirements, and (ii) none of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any of their respective
suppliers, has received written notice or threat of commencement of action by any Governmental Authority to withdraw its approval of or
to enjoin production of any Product at any facility. Except for an immaterial amount, no Product in the inventory of the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries is adulterated or misbranded.

(f)All manufacturing facilities owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or used in the production of
any Product are and have been operated in material compliance with QSRs and all other applicable Laws. The FDA has not issued any Form
483, warning letter, or untitled letter with respect to any such facility, or otherwise alleged any material non-compliance with QSRs,
nor has any other Governmental Authority issued any similar notices or warning letters. All such facilities
are operated in material compliance with other applicable federal, state and local Laws, or, for jurisdictions outside of the United States,
with the applicable Laws of that jurisdiction.

(g)No right of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to receive reimbursements pursuant to any government program or private program has
ever been terminated or otherwise materially adversely affected as a result of any investigation or enforcement action, whether by any
Governmental Authority or other Third Party, and, to the

-52- 

Borrowers
knowledge, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary has been the subject of any inspection, investigation, or audit, by any Governmental
Authority for the purpose of any alleged improper activity.

(h)There is no arrangement relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries providing for any rebates, kickbacks or other forms
of compensation that are unlawful to be paid to any Person in return for the referral of business or for the arrangement for recommendation
of such referrals. All billings by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for their respective services have been true and correct in
all material respects and, to the Borrowers knowledge, are in material compliance with all applicable Laws, including the Federal
False Claims Act or any applicable state false claim or fraud Law.

(i)None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Borrowers knowledge, any individual who is an officer, director,
manager, employee, stockholder, agent or managing agent of the Borrower or of any of its Subsidiaries has been convicted of, charged with
or, to the Borrowers knowledge, investigated for any federal or state health program-related offense or any other offense related
to healthcare or been excluded or suspended from participation in any such program or, to the Borrowers knowledge, within the past
five years, has been convicted of, charged with or, to the Borrowers knowledge, investigated for a violation of Laws related to
fraud, theft, embezzlement, breach of fiduciary responsibility, financial misconduct, or obstruction of an investigation, or has been
subject to any judgment, stipulation, order or decree of, or criminal or civil fine or penalty imposed by, any Governmental Authority
related to fraud, theft, embezzlement, breach of fiduciary responsibility, financial misconduct, or obstruction of an investigation. None
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Borrowers knowledge, any individual who is an officer, director, manager,
employee, stockholder, agent or managing agent of the Borrower or of any of its Subsidiaries has been convicted of any crime or engaged
in any conduct that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a debarment or exclusion under (i) 21 U.S.C. Section 335a,
(ii) Section 1128 of the Social Security Act or (iii) any similar applicable Law. No debarment proceedings or investigations in respect
of the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are pending or, to the Borrowers knowledge, threatened against the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries or any individual who is an officer, director, manager, employee, stockholder, agent or managing agent of the
Borrower or of any of its Subsidiaries.

(j)All studies, tests and trials conducted relating to each Product, by or on behalf of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and, to
the knowledge of the Borrower, their respective licensees, licensors and Third Party services providers and consultants, have been conducted,
and are currently being conducted, in all material respects, in accordance with all applicable Laws, procedures and controls pursuant
to, where applicable, QSRs, current good laboratory practices, and comparable regulations applicable outside the United States. All results
of such studies, tests and trials, and all other material information related to such studies, tests and trials, have been made available
to each Lender as requested by it. To the extent necessary by applicable Law, the Borrower or its applicable Subsidiary has obtained
all necessary Regulatory

-53- 

Authorizations,
including an Investigational Application, material to the conduct of any clinical investigations conducted by or on behalf of the Borrower
or such Subsidiary.

(k)To the Borrowers knowledge, none of the clinical investigators in any study, test or trial conducted by or on behalf
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has been or is disqualified or otherwise sanctioned by the FDA, the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services, or any other Governmental Authority and, to the Borrowers knowledge, no such disqualification, or other sanction
of any such clinical investigator is pending or threatened. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has received any communication
from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority requiring or threatening the termination or suspension of any study, test or trial conducted
by, or on behalf of, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

(l)The transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (or contemplated by the conditions to effectiveness of any Loan Document)
will not impair the Borrowers or any of the Subsidiaries ownership of or rights under (or the license or other right to
use, as the case may be) any Regulatory Authorizations relating to any Product in any material manner.

SECTION
6.19 Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.19 to the Disclosure Letter, none of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary has entered into, renewed, extended or been a party to, any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease, transfer
or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any of its Affiliates during the three-year
period immediately prior to the Fifth Amendment and
Restatement ClosingEffective Date.

SECTION
6.20 Investment Company Act. None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary is required to register as an investment company,
as such term is defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

SECTION
6.21 OFAC. None of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any Related Party (a) is currently
the subject of any Sanctions, (b) is located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction, or (c) is or has been (within the
previous five years) engaged in any transaction with any Person who is now or was then the subject of Sanctions or who is located, organized
or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction. No Loan, nor the proceeds from any Loan, has been or will be used, directly or indirectly,
to lend, contribute or provide to, or has been or will be otherwise made available to fund, any activity or business in any Designated
Jurisdiction or to fund any activity or business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is
the subject of any Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in any violation by any Person (including Administrative Agent,
any Lender and any of their respective Affiliates) of Sanctions.

SECTION
6.22 Deposit and Disbursement Accounts. Set forth on Schedule 6.22 to the Disclosure Letter is a complete and accurate
list as of the Fifth Amendment and
Restatement ClosingEffective Date of all banks and
other financial institutions at which the Borrower or any Subsidiary maintains deposit accounts, lockboxes, disbursement accounts, investment
accounts or other similar accounts. Schedule 6.22 to the Disclosure Letter correctly identifies the name,

-54- 

address
and telephone number of each bank or financial institution, the name in which each such account is held, the type of each such account,
and the complete account number for each such account, and each such account is a Controlled Account (other than Excluded Accounts) as
required pursuant to Section 7.13(a).

SECTION
6.23 MDT Sale The MDT Sale Agreement, the Distribution Agreement
and each other agreement, instrument or other document related thereto is the(collectively,
the MDT Documents) is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower and, to the knowledge of the Borrower,
the other parties thereto, enforceable against the Borrower and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, such other parties thereto in, accordance
with its terms. No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to, filing with or license from, any Governmental Authority
is required of the Borrower for the First Closing (as defined in the MDT Sale Agreement) or
the Second Closing other than such as have been obtained by the Borrower on or prior to the Amendment
and Restatement Closing Date.Fifth Amendment Effective Date.
As of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, (A) none of the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries is in breach of or in default under any
MDT Document, nor has any such breach or default been alleged by MDT or its Affiliates, nor has any of the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries taken any action that would permit any
other Person party to any MDT Document to enforce, and no such Person otherwise has the right to enforce, any defenses, counterclaims,
termination rights or rights of setoff thereunder, (B) none of the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries have received any notice of breach or request
or demand for indemnification, or similar notice, request or demand under any MDT Document, and (C) to the knowledge of the Borrower,
none of MDT nor any other Person party to any MDT Document is in breach or in default thereunder.

ARTICLE
VII

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

The Borrower covenants and
agrees with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that until the Termination Date has occurred, the Borrower will, and will cause the
Subsidiaries to, perform or cause to be performed the obligations set forth below.

SECTION
7.1 Financial Information, Reports, Notices, Etc.

(a)The Borrower shall comply in all respects with its filing requirements under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (if
any), as applicable and shall, contemporaneously with the filing of its quarterly unaudited and annual auditedunaudited
consolidated and consolidating financial statements (to the extent required
pursuant to the Exchange Act), deliver to each Lender a Compliance Certificate and, contemporaneously
with the delivery of its annual audited consolidated and consolidating financial statements, deliver to each Lender (unless an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case such delivery shall be upon the request
of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders), a Perfection Certificate..

(b)Upon the reasonable request
of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
shall promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent or such
Lender a Perfection Certificate.

-55- 

(c)(b) The Borrower shall timely (without giving effect to any extensions
pursuant to Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange Act) file (or furnish, as applicable) all SEC Documents required to be filed with (or furnished
to) the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. None of such SEC Documents, when filed or furnished, shall contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All financial statements including in any such SEC Documents
shall fairly present the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated
results of their operations and cash flows for the periods presented and shall have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently
applied (subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments that are not material individually
or in the aggregate and lack of footnote disclosures). Any audit or report of the Borrowers independent certified public accountants
on any financial statements included in any such SEC Document shall (i) contain an unqualified opinion (subject to the exception set forth
below in clause (ii) of this sentence), stating that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the
consolidated financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and for the periods presented and have been prepared in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years, and (ii)
not include any explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt as to going concern status (other than any such paragraph arising from
the impending maturity of the Loans solely in the case of the audit delivered with respect to the fiscal year immediately prior to the
fiscal year during which the applicable maturity is scheduled), and no financial statements included in any such SEC Document shall include
any statement in the footnotes thereto that indicates there is substantial doubt about the Borrowers ability to continue as a going
concern (or any statement to similar effect).

(d)(c) If applicable, all calculations in any Compliance Certificate will
be made in accordance with GAAP and the applicable terms and provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

(e)(d) As soon as possible and in any event within three Business Days after
the Borrower obtains knowledge of the occurrence of a Default and/or Event of Default, the Borrower shall provide a statement of an Authorized
Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of such Default and/or Event of Default and the action which the Borrower or any of the
Subsidiaries has taken or proposes to take with respect thereto.

(f)(e) Upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender,
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent or such Lender such additional business, financial,
corporate affairs, items or documents related to creation, perfection, protection, maintenance, enforcement or priority of the Administrative
Agents Liens in the Collateral and other information as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably
request, in each case, so long as such items, documents or information are reasonably available to

-56- 

or obtainable
by, or in the possession or control of, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (or its agents, advisors or other representatives) as of the
date of such request.

(g)Solely to the extent requested by any Lender, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
shall deliver to such Lender 13-week cash flow forecasts prepared by the Borrower in good faith, certified by an Authorized Officer of
the Borrower, covering the immediately following thirteen (13) week period, including weekly revenues, receipts and disbursements and
related financial information at such times and with such frequency (not to exceed reporting every two (2) weeks) as may be requested
by such Lender.

(h)As soon as available and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end
of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (including the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
shall promptly deliver to the Lenders (i) the consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal
quarter and (ii) the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such fiscal quarter, in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied, all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period in the preceding
fiscal year, together with (iii) a certificate of a Authorized Officer of the Borrower stating that (x) such financial statements fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such date and (y) the results of operations
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period ended on such date have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied,
subject to changes resulting from normal, year-end audit adjustments and except for the absence of notes. No financial statements delivered
pursuant to this clause (h) shall include any statement in the footnotes thereto that indicates there is substantial doubt about the Borrowers
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that such financial statements are issued, filed or delivered.

(i)Within one hundred and eighty (180) days after the end of each fiscal year, commencing
with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2024, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall promptly deliver to the Lenders (i) the consolidated
balance sheets of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and (ii) the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and
cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied,
all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, together with (iii) a certificate
of a Authorized Officer of the Borrower stating that (x) such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such date and (y) the results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
for the period ended on such date have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. No financial statements delivered pursuant
to this clause (i) shall include any statement in the footnotes or notes thereto that indicates there is substantial doubt about the Borrowers
ability to continue as a 

-57- 

going
concern within one year after the date that such financial statements are issued, filed or delivered.

(j)Solely to the extent requested by any Lender, on or before the 30th
day following the beginning of each fiscal year, the Borrower shall deliver to the Lenders a detailed consolidated budget for the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year in form satisfactory to the Lenders.

(k)Promptly (and in any event no later than one (1) Business Day) following delivery
or receipt by the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries of any notice, report or correspondence to or from MDT in
connection with the MDT Sale Agreement or Distribution Agreement,
including any such materials relating to the Earnout Payments or any notice of breach or request or demand for indemnification, or similar
notice, request or demand under any MDT Document, the Borrower shall provide copies of such materials to the Lenders.

SECTION
7.2 Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Contracts, Laws, Etc Each of the Borrower and each Subsidiary will (a) preserve
and maintain its legal existence (except as otherwise permitted by Section 8.7),
(b) perform in all material respects its obligations under all Material Agreements, in each case to which the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
is a party, except (other than in the case of the MDT Documents) in
the event that the Borrower determines in its reasonable commercial judgment not to do so, and (c) comply in all material respects with
all applicable Laws, rules, regulations and orders, including the payment (before the same become delinquent), of all Taxes, imposed upon
the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or upon their property except to the extent being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been set aside on the books of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries,
as applicable.

SECTION
7.3 Maintenance of Properties. Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries will maintain, preserve, protect and keep its and
their respective properties in good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted), and make necessary repairs,
renewals and replacements so that the business carried on by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries may be properly conducted at all
times, unless the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries determines in good faith that the continued maintenance of such property is no longer
economically desirable, necessary or useful to the business of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or the Disposition of such property
is otherwise permitted by Section 8.7 or Section 8.8.

SECTION
7.4 Insurance. Each of the Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries will maintain:

(a)insurance on its property with financially sound and reputable insurance companies against business interruption, loss and
damage in at least the amounts (and with only those deductibles) customarily maintained, and against such risks as are typically insured
against in the same general area, by Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or similar business as the Borrower and the Subsidiaries;
and

-58- 

(b)all workers compensation, employers liability insurance or similar insurance as may be required under the
Laws of any state or jurisdiction in which it may be engaged in business.

Without limiting the foregoing, all Borrower or
Guarantor insurance policies required pursuant to this Section 7.4 shall (i) name the Administrative Agent as mortgagee and
loss payee (in the case of property insurance) and additional insured (in the case of liability insurance), as applicable, and provide
that no cancellation or modification as to the amount or scope of coverage of the policies will be made without prior written notice to
the Administrative Agent and (ii) be in addition to any requirements to maintain specific types of insurance contained in the other
Loan Documents.

SECTION 7.5 Books
and Records; Access to Information.

(a)SECTION 7.5 Books and Records. Each
of the Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries will keep books and records in accordance with GAAP which accurately reflect all of its business
affairs and transactions and will permit the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective representatives, at
reasonable times and intervals upon reasonable notice to the Borrower,
to visit the Borrowers or any of the Subsidiaries offices, to discuss the Borrowers or any of the Subsidiaries
financial or other matters with its officers and employees, and its independent public accountants (and the Borrower hereby authorizes
such independent public accountant to discuss the Borrowers and any of the Subsidiaries financial and other matters with
the Lender or its representatives, whether or not any representative of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries is present) and to examine
(and photocopy extracts from) any of its books and records (financial or
otherwise). The Borrower shall pay any fees of such independent public accountant incurred in connection with the Lenders
exercise of its rights pursuant to this Section 7.5. The Borrower shall only be required to pay
for one such examination per year per Lender, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(b)The Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall promptly provide such information regarding
the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as the Lenders may request from time to
time.

(c)The Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall make members of management or advisors
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including
the CRO) available for meetings (which may be by conference call) with representatives of the Lenders during normal business hours as
any Lender may request from time to time to discuss financial information, operational or wind down matters or other matters as requested
by the Administrative Agent or such Lenders. 

SECTION
7.6 Environmental Law Covenant. Each of the Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries will (a) use and operate all of its and
their businesses, facilities and properties in material compliance with all Environmental Laws, and keep and maintain all Environmental
Permits and remain in compliance therewith, except in each case to the extent such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect and (b) promptly notify the Administrative Agent of, and provide the Administrative Agent with copies
of all material

-59- 

claims, complaints, notices or inquiries received in writing relating
to, any actual or alleged non-compliance with any Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits or any actual or alleged Environmental Liabilities.
The Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries will promptly resolve, remedy and mitigate any such non-compliance or Environmental Liabilities
in accordance with reasonable business practices, and shall keep the Lenders informed as to the progress of same.

SECTION
7.7 Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will apply the proceeds of the Loan to refinance the Initial Loans, to pay fees, costs
and expenses in connection with the Transactions and to fund general corporate matters.

SECTION
7.8 Future Guarantors, Security, Etc. The Borrower and each Subsidiary will execute any documents, financing statements,
agreements and instruments, and will take all further action that may be required under applicable Law, or that Administrative Agent or
the Required Lenders may reasonably request, in order to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents and in order to
grant, preserve, protect and perfect the validity and first priority (subject to Liens permitted by Section 8.3) of the Liens created
or intended to be created by the CreditLoan
Documents. The Borrower will (a) cause any subsequently acquired or organized Subsidiary that qualifies
as a Material Subsidiary to,to, effective upon its
acquisition or organization, and (b) as promptly as practicable but in no event later than 15 days (or such later date as may be agreed
upon by the Administrative Agent) after any Subsidiary qualifies independently as, or is designated by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent (in accordance with the definition of Material Subsidiary herein) as, a Material Subsidiary, provide the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders with written notice thereof and cause each such Subsidiary to, in each case of clauses (a) or (b),
become a Guarantor and execute a supplement (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) to the Guarantee
and each other applicable Loan Document in favor of the Secured Parties and take such other actions as may be required or reasonably requested
for the Secured Parties to have a valid Lien with the priority intended to be created on and security interest in all of the assets of
such Material Subsidiary, subject to no other Liens (other than Liens permitted by Section 8.3). The Borrower will promptly notify
the Administrative Agent of any subsequently acquired ownership interest in real property by the Borrower or by any Subsidiary and will
provide the Administrative Agent with a description of such real property, the acquisition date thereof and the purchase price therefor.
In addition, from time to time, each of the Borrower and each of the Material Subsidiaries will, at its cost and expense, promptly secure
the Obligations by pledging or creating, or causing to be pledged or created, perfected Liens with respect to such of its assets and properties
as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall reasonably designate, it being agreed that it is the intent of the Parties that
the Obligations shall be secured by, among other things, substantially all the assets of the Borrower and the Material Subsidiaries (including
real property and personal property acquired subsequent to the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date). Such Liens will be created under
the CreditLoan Documents
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, and the Borrower and each of the Material Subsidiaries
shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent all such instruments and documents (including mortgages, legal opinions,
title insurance policies and lien searches) as Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall reasonably request to evidence compliance
with this Section 7.8.

SECTION
7.9 Obtaining of Permits, Etc. With respect to each Product, each of the Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries will obtain,
maintain and preserve, and take all necessary

-60- 

action to timely renew all Key Permits and accreditations which are
necessary in the proper conduct of its business.

SECTION
7.10 Permits. The Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries shall maintain each Key Permit, including each Regulatory Authorization,
from, or file any notice or registration in, each jurisdiction in which the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries are required to obtain
any Key Permit or Regulatory Authorization or to file any notice or registration, in order to design, manufacture, store, label, sell,
promote, import or distribute any Product.

SECTION
7.11 Maintenance of Regulatory Authorizations, Contracts, Intellectual Property, Etc. With respect to the Products, each
of the Borrower and each of the Subsidiaries willshall:
(i) maintain in full force and effect all material Regulatory Authorizations, contract rights, authorizations or other rights necessary
for the operations of its business; (ii) notify the Administrative Agent, promptly after learning thereof, of any product recalls, safety
alerts, corrections, withdrawals, marketing suspensions, removals or the like conducted, to be undertaken or issued, by the Borrower,
any of the Subsidiaries or their respective suppliers whether or not at the request, demand or order of any Governmental Authority or
otherwise with respect to any Product, or any basis for undertaking or issuing any such action or item;
(iii) design, store, label, sell, promote, import, distribute and manufacture all Products in material compliance with QSRs, the FD&C
Act and other applicable Laws; (iv) conduct all studies, tests and trials relating to the Products in accordance with all cGCPs, and other
applicable Laws; (v) operate all manufacturing facilities in material compliance with QSRs and all other applicable Laws; (vi) maintain
in full force and effect or pursue the prosecution of, as the case may be, and pay all costs and expenses relating to, all material Intellectual
Property owned or controlled by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries and all Material Agreements,
except in the event that the Borrower determines in its reasonable commercial judgment not to do so; (vii) notify the
Administrative Agent, promptly after learning thereof, of any Infringement or other violation by any Person of its Intellectual Property
and aggressively pursue any such Infringement or other violation except in any specific circumstances where both (A) the Borrower or any
of the Subsidiaries has determined that it is not commercially reasonable to do so and (B) where not doing so does not materially adversely
affect any Product; (viii) use commercially reasonable efforts to pursue and maintain in full force and effect legal protection for, and
protect against Infringement with respect to, all material Intellectual Property, including Patents, developed or controlled by the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries; and (ix) notify the Administrative Agent, promptly after learning thereof, of any claim by any Person that
the conduct of the Borrowers or any of the Subsidiaries business or any of their respective suppliers business (including
the development, manufacture, use, sale or other commercialization of any Product) Infringes any Intellectual Property of that Person
and use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve such claim, except where the Borrower determines in
its reasonable commercial judgment not to do so.

SECTION
7.12 InboundIPLicenses. EachOn
and following the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction
of the Required Lenders), each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries will, promptly after entering
into or becoming bound byshall not (i) enter into any
agreement with a Third Party pursuant to which it grants or receives any material inbound license
agreement (other than over-the-counter or open-source software that is
commercially available to the public)or outbound license,
covenant not to sue or similar right in respect of any Intellectual Property: (a) provide 

-61- 

written
notice to the Administrative Agent of the material terms of such license agreement with a description of its anticipated and projected
impact on the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries business and financial condition; and (b) take such commercially reasonable
actions as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any Person
whose consent or waiver is necessary for the Secured Parties to be granted and perfect a valid security interest in such license agreement
and to fully exercise its rights under any of the Loan Documents in the event of a disposition or liquidation of the rights, assets or
property that is the subject of such license agreement.or
(ii) grant any Lien under any of its Intellectual Property, except as permitted under Section 8.3.

SECTION
7.13 Cash Management. Each of the Borrower and the Guarantors will:

(a)maintain a current and complete list of all accounts (of the type initially set forth on Schedule 6.22 to the Disclosure
Letter) and (other than (i) cash collateral accounts securing corporate credit card or
letter of credit obligations, holding solely the amount of cash permitted hereunder to secure such obligations and (ii)
accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll Taxes and other employee wage and benefit programs to or for the benefit of the Borrowers
or a Subsidiarys employees, which shall in no event hold in the aggregate more than the amount reasonably expected to meet such
payroll expenses for the following calendar month, including bonuses and other payments to be paid within the following calendar month
(collectively, the Excluded Accounts)) and promptly
deliver any updates to such list to the Administrative Agent; execute and maintain an account control agreement for each such account
(other than the Excluded Accounts), in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders (each such account, a Controlled
Account);

(b)deposit promptly after the date of receipt thereof in accordance with prudent business practices all cash, checks, drafts
or other similar items of payment relating to or constituting payments made in respect of any and all accounts and other rights and interests
into Controlled Accounts except to the extent permitted to be kept in Excluded Accounts; and

(c)at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the request of the Administrative
Agent, promptly cause all payments constituting proceeds of accounts to be directed into lockbox accounts under agreements in form and
substance satisfactory to the Required Lenders; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, so
long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower shall, subject to Section 8.4, have full and complete
access to, and may direct, and shall have sole control over, the manner of disposition of funds in all Controlled Accounts to the extent
not otherwise in violation of any other provision in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.;
and

(d)from and after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, cause MDT to make all Earnout
Payments directly into a Controlled Account.

SECTION
7.14 Material Nonpublic Information.

-62- 

(a)
Subject to clause (b), each Loan Party shall not, and shall cause each of its employees, officers, directors (or equivalent persons),
Affiliates, attorneys, agents and representatives to not, provide any Lender or any of its Affiliates, attorneys, agents or representatives
with any material nonpublic information regarding any of the Borrower, the Subsidiaries, the Borrowers securities, any of the Borrowers
Affiliates or any other Person (collectively, Inside Information) without the express
prior written consent of such Lender. 

(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, but
subject to clause (c), in the event that any Loan Party believes that
a notice, report, information or communication to any Lender or any of its Affiliates, attorneys, agents or representatives contains Inside
Information, the Borrower shall, prior to delivery of such notice, report, information or communication, (A) indicate to such Lender that
such notice, report, information or communication contains Inside Information (without otherwise disclosing or describing the nature of
such Inside Information), which indication shall provide such Lender the means to refuse to receive such notice, report, information or
communication (and in the absence of any such indication, such Lender shall be allowed to presume that such notice, report, information
or communication does not contain Inside Information), and (B) provide such notice, report, information or communication to Outside Counsel
to such Lender. 

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the Borrower reasonably and in good faith determines that it is necessary to disclose Inside
Information to a Lender for purposes relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (a Necessary Disclosure),
the Borrower shall inform Outside Counsel to such Lender of such determination without disclosing the applicable Inside Information, and
the Borrower and such Outside Counsel on behalf of the applicable Lender shall endeavor to agree upon a process for making such Necessary
Disclosure to the applicable Lender or its representatives that is mutually acceptable to such Lender and the Borrower (an Agreed
Disclosure Process). Thereafter, the Borrower shall be permitted to make such Necessary Disclosure (only)
in accordance with the Agreed Disclosure Process.

(d)
Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Affiliates thereof shall provide any Inside Information to any Lender without complying with
the processes set forth in Section 7.14as if the Administrative Agent were the Borrower
for the purposes thereof.

(e)
The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees, on behalf of itself and each of the Subsidiaries
that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Lender (nor any of such Lenders
Affiliates, attorneys, agents or representatives) shall have any duty of trust or confidence (including any obligation under any confidentiality
or non-disclosure agreement entered into by such Lender) with respect to, or any obligation not to trade in any securities while aware
of, any Inside Information (i) provided by, or on behalf of, the Borrower, any of its Affiliates, or any of its or their respective officers,
directors (or equivalent persons), employees, attorneys, agents or representatives in violation of any of the representations, covenants,
provisions or agreements set forth in this Section 7.14or
(ii) otherwise possessed (or continued to be 

-63- 

possessed)
by any Lender (or any Affiliate, agent or representative thereof) as a result of any breach or violation of any representation, covenant,
provision or agreement set forth in this Section 7.14. In the event of a breach of any
of the covenants set forth in this Section 7.14by the Borrower, any of its Affiliates,
or any of its or their respective officers, directors (or equivalent persons), employees, attorneys, agents or representatives, in addition
to any other remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity, the Lender shall have the right to make a public disclosure
in the form of a press release or otherwise, of the applicable Inside Information without the prior approval by the Borrower, any of
its Affiliates or any of its or their respective officers, directors (or equivalent persons), employees, stockholders, attorneys, agents
or representatives, and no Lender (nor any of its Affiliates, agents or representatives) shall have any liability to the Borrower, any
of its Affiliates or any of its or their respective officers, directors (or equivalent persons), employees, stockholders, attorneys,
agents or representatives for any such disclosure.

SECTION
7.14 SECTION 7.15 Post-Closing Obligations. As soon as reasonably practicable,
but in any event on or before the date that is thirty (30) days after the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date (or such later date as
agreed by the Required Lenders in their sole discretion), the Borrower shall deliver, or cause to be delivered to Administrative Agent
stock certificates and undated stock powers (or its equivalent) executed in blank for all issued and outstanding equity interests in Acutus
Medical, N.V. (to the extent such equity interests are customarily certificated in Belgium), pledged by Borrower or enter into such other
arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders.

SECTION
7.15 Chief Restructuring Officer. On or prior to the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the
Borrower shall have appointed Takeo Mukai as Chief Restructuring Officer
of the Borrower (CRO) on terms acceptable to the Lenders, whose responsibilities shall include overseeing and implementing
the Restructuring Transaction (as defined in the Fifth
Amendment). In the event that any CRO
shall be terminated or removed for any reason, a new CRO shall promptly (in any case within five (5) days of the date of such termination
or removal) be appointed with the consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of and on terms (including
the execution of an engagement letter) reasonably acceptable to the Lenders to perform substantially the same roles and duties as such
prior CRO. At the request of the Lenders, and without limiting the rights of the Lenders pursuant to Section 7.5, the CRO shall provide
regular reports in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders with respect to the Restructuring Transaction.

SECTION
7.16 MDT Documents. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any Loan Document, Borrower
and each of the Subsidiaries:

(a)shall maintain in full force and effect each of the MDT Documents and each other
agreements, instruments or other documents related thereto and comply with all of its obligations thereunder; 

(b)shall enforce their rights to receive the Earnout Payments in accordance with the
MDT Sale Agreement and shall not directly or indirectly sell, assign, transfer, lease, license, sublease, sublicense, contribute or otherwise
convey or 

-64- 

transfer
(including by way of merger, consolidation or similar transaction) the MDT Documents or any of their rights (including the right to receive
the Earnout Payments) or obligations thereunder; and

(c)shall ensure that all rights under the MDT Documents, including the right to receive
Earnout Payments in accordance with the MDT Sale Agreement, are held at all times by a Loan Party, and such Loan Party shall not directly
or indirectly sell, assign, transfer, lease, license, sublease, sublicense, contribute or otherwise convey or transfer (including by way
of merger, consolidation or similar transaction) any such rights.

ARTICLE
XIII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

The Borrower covenants and
agrees with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that until the Termination Date has occurred, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries willshall
perform or cause to be performed the obligations set forth below.

SECTION
8.1 Business Activities. None 

(a)Prior to the Second Closing, none of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
willshall directly or indirectly
engage in any business activity except the ContinuingLeft-Heart
Access Device Business and the Specified Restructuring Transactions and activities
reasonably incidentaldirectly
related thereto to the extent not adversely affecting the ContinuingLeft-Heart
Access Device Business in any material respect.

(b)From and after the Second Closing, none of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
shall directly or indirectly, engage in any business activity or hold any asset or have any liability, grant any Lien or incur any Indebtedness
or engage in any other transaction, other than (a) performing its
obligations under the Loan Documents, (b) activities incidental to
the maintenance of its corporate existence, maintaining books and records and participating in tax, accounting and other administrative
matters, or (c) Permitted Dispositions under Section 8.8.

(c)The Borrower shall not and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, be an investment
company or a company controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment
Company Act, or to otherwise be registered under or required to be registered under or subject to the restrictions imposed by the Investment
Company Act.

SECTION 8.2 Indebtedness. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries willshall
create, incur, assume or permit to exist, directly or indirectly,
any Indebtedness, other than:

(a)Indebtedness in respect of the Obligations; and

(b)
[reserved];

-65- 

(c)
Indebtedness existing as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date which is identified in Schedule 8.2(c)to the Disclosure Letter, and refinancing of such Indebtedness in a principal amount not in excess of that which is outstanding
on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date (as such amount may have been reduced following the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date);

(d)
unsecured Indebtedness in respect of performance, surety or appeal bonds provided in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount
at any time outstanding not to exceed $0;

(e)
Purchase Money Indebtedness and Capitalized Lease Liabilities in a principal amount not to exceed $500,000 in the aggregate outstanding
at any time;

(f)
Permitted Subordinated Indebtedness;

(g)
[reserved]; 

(b)(h) solely
prior to the Second Closing, Indebtedness incurred as a result of endorsing negotiable instruments received in the ordinary course
of Borrowers business;.

(i)
Indebtedness incurred in connection with corporate credit card arrangements;

(j)
Indebtedness consisting of reimbursement obligations pursuant to letter of credit arrangements that are repaid within five Business Days
of becoming due;

(k)
Unsecured Indebtedness in the form of purchase price adjustments, earn outs, deferred compensation, or other arrangements representing
acquisition consideration or deferred payments of a similar nature incurred in connection with Investments permitted by Section
8.5; providedthat the amount of such obligation shall be deemed part of
the cost of such Investment (the amount of which shall be deemed to be the amount required to be accrued as a liability in accordance
with GAAP or the amount actually paid);

(l)
Indebtedness consisting of the financing of insurance premiums;

(m)
Indebtedness (i) of any Loan Party that is organized in the United States owing to any other Loan Party that is organized in the United
States, (ii) of any Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors or that are not organized in the United States owing to the Borrower or any Guarantors
organized in the United States, in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $0 and (iii) of any Subsidiaries that are
not Guarantors owing to any other Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor; providedthat all of such
Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to an intercompany debt subordination agreement in substantially the form
of Exhibit Hhereto; and

-66- 

(n)
other Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries
in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $100,000;

providedthat
no Indebtedness otherwise permitted by clauses (c), (e),
(f), (m)or (n)shall
be assumed, created or otherwise incurred if a Default has occurred and is then continuing or would result therefrom.

SECTION 8.3 Liens. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries willshall
create, incur, assume or permit to exist, directly or indirectly,
any Lien upon any of its property (including Capital Securities of any Person), revenues or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
except:

(a)Liens securing payment of the Obligations;

(b)
[reserved]

(c)
Liens existing as of the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date and disclosed in Schedule 8.3(c)to the Disclosure Lettersecuring Indebtedness described in Section
8.2(b), and refinancings of such Indebtedness; providedthat no such Lien shall encumber any additional property and the amount of Indebtedness
secured by such Lien is not increased from that existing on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date (as such Indebtedness may have
been reduced following the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date);

(d)
Liens securing payment of Permitted Subordinated Indebtedness that are (i) subordinate to the Liens securing payment of the Obligations
and all other Indebtedness owing from the Borrower or the Subsidiaries to the Secured Parties and (ii) subject to a written subordination
agreement satisfactory to the Secured Parties in their sole discretion;

(e)
Liens securing Indebtedness of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries permitted pursuant to Section 8.2(e);
providedthat (i) such Liens shall be created within 180 days of the acquisition of the assets
financed with such Indebtedness and (ii) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property (and proceeds thereof)
acquired, leased or built, or the improvements or repairs, in each case so financed;

(b)(f) solely
prior to the Second Closing, Liens in favor of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and landlords granted in the ordinary
course of business for amounts not overdue or being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate
reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been set aside on its books;

(c)(g) solely
prior to the Second Closing, Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers
compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits, or to secure performance of tenders, statutory
obligations, bids, leases or other similar obligations (other than for borrowed money) entered into in the ordinary course of

-67- 

business
or to secure obligations on surety and appeal bonds or performance bonds,
in each case, relating to the Left-Heart Access Device Business;

(d)[reserved];

(h)
judgment Liens in existence for less than 45 days after the entry thereof or with respect to which execution has been stayed or the
payment of which is covered in full (subject to a customary deductible) by insurance maintained with responsible insurance companies and
which do not otherwise result in an Event of Default under Section 9.1(f);

(i)
easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other similar encumbrances not interfering
in any material respect with the value or use of the property to which such Lien is attached;

(e)(j) Liens for Taxes not at the time delinquent or thereafter payable without
penalty or being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP
shall have been set aside on its books;

(k)
deposits of cash to secure the performance of bids, tenders, trade contracts, leases, government contracts, statutory obligations, surety,
stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance and return money bonds, other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course
of business and Liens consisting of cash collateral securing Indebtedness described in Section 8.2(i)or Section 8.2(j)in
an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $800,000;

(f)(l) Liens on insurance proceeds in favor of insurance companies granted
solely to secure financed insurance premiums;

(g)(m) solely
prior to the Second Closing, Liens in favor of custom and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure the payment
of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods;

(h)[reserved];

(i)[reserved];

(n)
Liens consisting of earnest money deposits required in connection with an acquisition of property not otherwise prohibited hereunder;

(o)
leases or subleases of real property granted in the ordinary course of the Borrowers
or any Subsidiarys business, and leases, subleases, non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of personal
property (other than Intellectual Property) granted in the ordinary course of the Borrowers or any Subsidiarys business,
if the leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses do not prohibit granting the Administrative Agent a security interest therein;

-68- 

(j)(p) solely
prior to the Second Closing, non-exclusive license of Intellectual Property granted to third parties in the ordinary course of
business;

(k)(q) solely
prior to the Second Closing, licenses or sublicenses of Intellectual Property otherwise permitted under this Agreement or the other
Loan Documents, and restrictions under licenses of Intellectual Property entered into in the ordinary course of business pursuant to which
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a licensee; and

(l)(r) bankers liens, rights of setoff and Liens in favor of financial
institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business arising in connection with the Borrowers or any Subsidiarys deposit
accounts or securities accounts held at such institutions to secure solely payment of fees and similar costs and expenses; provided
that such accounts are maintained in compliance with Section 7.13(a);and.

(s)
other Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $100,000.

Each Secured Party agrees
to execute and deliver such collateral subordination agreements and related documents as reasonably requested of it to confirm the priority
of the Liens permitted pursuant to Section 8.3(e).

SECTION 8.4 Minimum Liquidity. From and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, the Liquidity of the Borrower shall not at any
time be less than $10,000,0005,000,000.

SECTION 8.5 Investments. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries willshall
purchase, make, incur, assume or permit to, directly or indirectly,
exist any Investment in any other Person, except:

(a)
Investments existing on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date and identified in Schedule 8.5(a)to the Disclosure Letter;

(b)
(i) Investments consisting of cash and Cash Equivalent Investments and (ii) any other Investments permitted by the Borrowers investment
policy, as amended from time to time, providedthat such investment policy (and any such amendment
thereto) has been approved in writing by the Borrowers board of directors so long as set forth on Schedule
8.5(a)to the Disclosure Letter or approved by the Required Lenders (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld);

(c)
Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy
or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course
of business;

(d)
Investments consisting of any deferred portion of the sales price received by the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries in connection with any Disposition permitted under Section
8.8;

-69- 

(a)(e) solely
prior to the Second Closing, Investments constituting (i) accounts receivable arising, (ii) trade debt granted, or (iii) deposits
made, in each case of clauses (i) through (iii), in connection with the purchase price of goods or services, in each case
in the ordinary course of business;

(f)
[reserved]; 

(g)
(i) Investments by the Borrower or any Guarantor in the Borrower or any Guarantor that is organized in the United States; (ii) Investments
by the Borrower or any Guarantor in any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor
or that is a Guarantor that is not organized in the United States, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 for all such Investments,
(iii) Investments by Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors in the Borrower or any Guarantor and (iv) Investments by Subsidiaries that are
not Guarantors in any other Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor.

(b)(h) solely
prior to the Second Closing, Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements of negotiable instruments
for collection or deposit;

(c)(i) Investments consisting of the creation
of a Subsidiary; provided, however, the creation of
such Subsidiary is in accordance with Section 7.8;outstanding
as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date and listed on Schedule 8.5(c) in Subsidiaries in existence on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date;
and

(j)
Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000 consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other
employee loans and advances in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) loans to employees, officers or directors relating to the
purchase of Capital Securities of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by
the Borrowers board of directors;

(k)
Contingent Liabilities of a Loan Party in favor of another Loan Party and permitted under Section 8.2;
and

(d)(l) other Investments after
the Fifth Amendment Effective Date in cash by the Borrower in Immaterial Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000
over the term of this Agreement50,000.

SECTION 8.6 Restricted Payments, Etc. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries willshall
declare or make a Restricted Payment, or make any deposit for any Restricted Payment, other than:.

(a)
Restricted Payments made by (i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any Guarantor and (ii) any
Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to another Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor; and

(b)
payments to repurchase the stock of former employees, directors, consultants or other service providers pursuant to the terms of employee
stock purchase 

-70- 

plans,
employee restricted stock agreements, stockholder rights plans, director or consultant stock option plans, or similar plans, provided
such repurchases do not exceed $100,000 in the aggregate.

SECTION 8.7 Consolidation, Merger, Etc. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries willshall
liquidate or dissolve, consolidate with, or merge into or with, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially
all of the assets of any Person (or any division thereof), except that, so long as no Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing (or would occur), any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve voluntarily into, and may merge with and into,
(x) any other Subsidiary or (y) the Borrower, solely to the extent the Borrower is the surviving Person and such Subsidiary is organized
in the United States..

SECTION 8.8 Permitted Dispositions. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries will Dispose of any of its assets (including
accounts receivable and Capital Securities of the Borrowershall
or its Subsidiaries) to any Person in one transaction or series of transactions other than (a) Dispositions of inventory or of obsolete,
damaged, worn out or surplus property Disposed of in the ordinary course of business, (b) Dispositions pursuant to Liens permitted
by Section 8.3or mergers or consolidations permitted by Section 8.7,
(c) all other, (c) the Dispositions not
to exceed $100,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year, (d) Dispositions made in accordance with thepursuant
to the MDT Sale Agreement (as in effect on the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date) or (e)
to the extent constituting a Disposition, any of the Specified Restructuring Transactions. Fifth
Amendment Effective Date) or (d) with the consent of the Lenders (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed, and which shall not be conditioned upon the payment to the Lenders of any amendment or consent fee), Dispositions of all or a
portion of the Intellectual Property listed on Schedule 6.15(a) to
the Disclosure Letter; provided that no such Disposition shall
be permitted of any Intellectual Property that is material, necessary or desirable in the performance of
the Borrowers or its Subsidiaries obligations under
the MDT Documents.

SECTION 8.9 Modification of Certain Agreements. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries willshall
consent to any amendment, supplement, termination, waiver or other
modification of, or enter into any forbearance from exercising any rights with respect to, (a)
the terms or provisions contained in (a) any Organic Documents, if the result
would have an adverse effect on the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders,or (b) any agreement governing any
Permitted Subordinated Indebtedness, if the result would shorten the maturity date thereof or advance the date on which any cash payment
is required to be made thereon or would otherwise change any terms thereof in a manner adverse to
the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, in their capacities as such, or (c) except withthe
terms or provisions of the MDT Documents or the Existing Biotronik Agreements, in each case, without the prior written consent
of the Required Lenders,;
provided that any amendment or modifications to Exhibit 3.15(b) of the MDT Sale Agreement,
to (the extent any
such amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification of, or entering into any forbearance from exercising any right with respect to,
the terms or provisions contained therein is materially adverse to the Lenders; providedthat
the following shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the Lenders: (x) any material change to the assets subject to the MDT Asset
Sale and (y) any material change to the amount, timing or type of consideration to be received by the Borrower pursuant to the MDT Asset
Sale. Specified MDT Amendment) shall be permitted
so long as (x) such amendments do not, and are not reasonably 

-71- 

likely
to, adversely affect the Earnout Payments to be received by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries under the MDT Documents and (y) the Borrower
shall have provided the Required Lenders with true, correct and complete copies of such Specified MDT Amendment and the Required Lenders
shall have consented in writing to such Specified MDT Amendment (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed)
(it being understood that, as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the Required Lenders have not granted any such consent).

SECTION 8.10 Transactions with Affiliates None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries willshall
enter into or cause or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any
arrangement, transaction or contract (including for the purchase, lease or exchange of property or the rendering of services) with any
of its Affiliates, except for (a) transactions that are in the ordinary course of the Borrowers
or such Subsidiarys business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than
would be obtained in an arms length transaction with a non-affiliated Person, (b) compensation arrangements for
officers or directors approved by the Borrowers board of directors or a
duly authorized committee thereof, and (d) Permitted Subordinated
Indebtedness or equity investments by the Borrowers investors in the BorrowerBoard
of Directors.

SECTION 8.11 Restrictive Agreements, Etc. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries willshall
enter into any agreement prohibiting (a) the creation or assumption of any Lien upon its properties, revenues or assets, whether now owned
or hereafter acquired, (b) the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to amend or otherwise modify any Loan Document, or (c) the ability
of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to make any payments, directly or indirectly, to the Borrower, including by way of dividends, advances,
repayments of loans, reimbursements of management and other intercompany charges, expenses and accruals or other returns on investments.
The foregoing prohibitions shall not apply to restrictions contained:

(i) in any Loan Document; or

(ii) in
the case of clause (a), (1) in any agreement governing any Indebtedness
permitted by Section 8.2(d)as to the assets financed with the proceeds of such Indebtedness,
(2) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (3) customary restrictions on the assignment of leases, licenses and other agreements,
(4) covenants with such restrictions in merger or acquisition agreements, providedthat such
covenants do not prohibit Borrower or a Subsidiary from granting a security interest in Borrowers or any Subsidiarys property
in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and provided furtherthat the counter-parties
to such covenants are not permitted to receive a security interest in Borrowers or a Subsidiarys property; or

(iiiii)
in the case of clause (c), except for restrictions existing under or by reason of (1) any restrictions existing under the Loan
Documents, or (2) applicable Law.

SECTION 8.12 Sale and Leaseback. Except as permitted in Section 8.3(e),
noneNone of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
willshall directly
or indirectly enter into any agreement or arrangement providing for the sale or transfer by it of any property (now owned or hereafter
acquired) to a Person and the subsequent lease or rental of such property or other similar property from such Person.

-72- 

SECTION 8.13 Product Agreements. None of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries willshall
enter into any amendment with respect to any existing Product Agreement or enter into any new Product Agreement that
contains (a) any provision that permits any counterparty other than the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries to terminate such Product
Agreement for any reason related to the insolvency or change of control of the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries or assignment of such Product Agreement by the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries, (b) any provision which restricts or penalizes a security interest in, or
the assignment of, any Product Agreements, upon the sale, merger or other Disposition of all or a material portion of a Product to which
such Product Agreement relates, or (c) any other provision that has or is likely to adversely affect, in any material respect, any Product
to which such agreement relates or any Secured Partys rights hereunder..

SECTION 8.14 Change in Name, Location or Executive Office or Executive Management; Change in Fiscal Year. None of the Borrower or
any of the Subsidiaries willshall
(a) without 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, change its legal name or any trade name used to identify
it in the conduct of its business or ownership of its properties, (b) change its jurisdiction of organization or legal structure, (c)
without 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, relocate its chief executive office, principal place of business
or any office in which it maintains books or records relating to its business (including the establishment of any new office or facility),
(d) change its federal taxpayer identification number or organizational number (or equivalent) without 30 days prior written notice
to the Administrative Agent, (e) replace its chief executive officer or chief financial officer without written notification to the Administrative
Agent within 30 days thereafter, (f) change its Fiscal Year or any of its Fiscal Quarters, or (g) enter into any Division/Series Transaction,
or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, any Division/Series Transaction (it being understood that none of the provisions in this
Agreement nor any other Loan Document shall be deemed to permit any Division/Series Transaction).

SECTION 8.15 Benefit Plans and Agreements. None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary willshall
(a) become the sponsor of, incur any responsibility to contribute to or otherwise incur actual or potential liability with respect to,
any Benefit Plan, (b) allow any employee benefit plan as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA that provides retirement benefits,
is sponsored by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their ERISA Affiliates, and is intended to be Tax qualified under section 401 or
501 of the Code to cease to be Tax qualified, (c) allow the assets of any Tax qualified retirement plan to become invested in Capital
Securities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (d) allow any employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA)
sponsored, maintained, contributed to or required to be contributed to by the Borrower or any Subsidiary to fail to comply in all material
respects with its terms and applicable Laws, or (e) allow any employee benefit plan as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA that provides
medical, dental, vision, or long-term disability benefits and that is sponsored by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their
ERISA Affiliates (or under which any of these Persons has any actual or potential liability), to cease to be fully insured by a third
party insurance company. None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries will enter into any employment, severance, change in control,
independent contractor, or consulting agreements or grant any equity awards other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with past practice.

-73- 

SECTION
8.16 Transfers to Non-Guarantors. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, from
and after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, no Loan Party shall sell, transfer, lease, license, sublease, sublicense, contribute or
otherwise convey (including by way of Investment, Disposition, merger, consolidation or similar transaction) any asset to any
Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, except for cash Investments in
Immaterial Subsidiaries in accordance with Section 8.5(d).

ARTICLE
IX

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION 9.1 Listing of Events of Default. Each of the following events or occurrences described in this Article IX shall
constitute an Event of Default:

(a)Non-Payment of Obligations. The Borrower shall default in the payment or prepayment when due of (i) any principal
of or interest on any Loan, or (ii) any fee described in Article III or any other monetary Obligation, and in the case of clause
(ii) such default shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days after such amount was due.

(b)Breach of Warranty. Any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
in any Loan Document (including any certificates delivered pursuant to Article V) is or shall be incorrect in any material respect
when made or deemed to have been made.

(c)Non-Performance of Certain Covenants and Obligations. The Borrower or any Subsidiary shall default in the due performance
or observance of any of its obligations under Section 7.1, Section 7.7, Section 7.15,
Section 7.16 or Article VIII.

(d)Non-Performance of Other Covenants and Obligations. The Borrower or any Subsidiary shall default in the due performance
and observance of any other covenant, obligation or agreement contained in any Loan Document executed by it, and such default, if capable
of being remedied, shall continue unremedied for a period of 3020 days
after the earlier to occur of (i) notice thereof given to the Borrower by the Lenders or (ii) the date on which the Borrower or any Subsidiary
has knowledge of such default.

(e)Default on Other Indebtedness. A default shall occur in the payment of any amount when due (subject to any applicable
grace period), whether by acceleration or otherwise, of any principal or stated amount of, or interest or fees on, any Indebtedness of
the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries having a principal or stated amount, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000,
or a default shall occur in the performance or observance of any obligation or condition with respect to such Indebtedness if the effect
of such default is to accelerate the maturity of any such Indebtedness or such default shall continue unremedied for any applicable period
of time sufficient to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness, or any trustee or agent for such holders, to cause or declare
such Indebtedness to become due and payable or to require such Indebtedness to be prepaid, redeemed, purchased or

-74- 

defeased,
or require an offer to purchase or defease such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its expressed maturity.

(f)Judgments. Any judgment or order for the payment of money individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000
(exclusive of any amounts fully covered by insurance (less any applicable deductible) and as to which
the insurer has acknowledged its responsibility to cover such judgment or order) shall be rendered against the Borrower
or any of the Subsidiaries and such judgment shall not have been vacated or discharged or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 30 days
after the entry thereof or enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order.

(g)Change in Control. Any Change in Control shall occur.;

(h)Bankruptcy, Insolvency, Etc. The Borrower or (except as permitted pursuant to Section 8.7) any of the Subsidiaries
shall:

(i)become insolvent or generally fail to pay, or admit in writing its inability or unwillingness generally to pay, debts as
they become due;

(ii)apply for, consent to, or acquiesce in the appointment of a trustee, receiver, sequestrator or other custodian for any substantial
part of the property of any thereof, or make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;

(iii)in the absence of such application, consent or acquiescence, permit or suffer to exist the appointment of a trustee, receiver,
sequestrator or other custodian for a substantial part of the property of any thereof, and such trustee, receiver, sequestrator or other
custodian shall not be discharged within 60 days; provided that the Borrower and each Subsidiary hereby expressly authorizes
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to appear in any court conducting any relevant proceeding during such 60-day period to preserve,
protect and defend its rights under the Loan Documents;

(iv)permit or suffer to exist the commencement of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, debt arrangement, arrangement
(including any plan of compromise or arrangement or other corporate proceeding involving or affecting its creditors) or other case or
proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or any dissolution, winding up or liquidation proceeding, in respect thereof (each,
an Insolvency Event), and, if any such case or proceeding is not commenced by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, such
case or proceeding shall be consented to or acquiesced in by the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, or shall result in the
entry of an order for relief or shall remain for 60 days undismissed; provided that the Borrower and each Subsidiary hereby
expressly authorizes the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to appear in any court conducting any such case or proceeding during such
60-day period to preserve, protect and defend its rights under the Loan Documents; or

-75- 

(v)take any action authorizing, or in furtherance of, any of the foregoing.

(i)Impairment of Security, Etc. Any Loan Document or any Lien granted thereunder shall (except in accordance with its
terms), in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of
the Borrower or any Subsidiary subject thereto; the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other party shall, directly or indirectly, contest
in any manner such effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability; or, except as permitted under any Loan Document, any Lien
securing any Obligation shall, in whole or in part, cease to be a perfected first priority Lien.

(j)Key Permit Events. Any Key Permit or any of the Borrowers or any Subsidiarys material rights or interests
thereunder is terminated or amended in any manner adverse to the Borrower or any Subsidiary in any material
respect.

(k)Material Adverse Effect. Any circumstance occurs that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(l)Regulatory Matters. If any of the following occurs: (i) the FDA, CMS or any other Governmental Authority (A) issues
a letter or other communication asserting that any Product lacks a required Regulatory Authorization or (B) initiates enforcement action
against, or issues a warning letter with respect to, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or any Product or the manufacturing facilities
therefor, that in the case of either clause (A) or (B) causes the Borrower or such Subsidiary to discontinue marketing of
or withdraw any material Product, or causes a material delay in the manufacture or offering of any material Product, which discontinuance,
withdrawal or delay could reasonably be expected to last for more than three months; (ii) a recall which could reasonably be expected
to result in aggregate liability to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000; or (iii) the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries
enters into a settlement agreement with the FDA, CMS or any other Governmental Authority that results in aggregate liability as to any
single or related series of transactions, incidents or conditions in excess of $500,000.

(m)Pending Exposure. As of any date, the Pending Exposure exceeds $0.00.

(n)MDT Documents. If any of the following occurs:

(i)the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be in breach of, or there shall be
a default by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under, any MDT Document, or any circumstance shall exist as
a result of which MDT has the right under any MDT Document to (x)
indemnification, damages or set-off (but excluding any reduction to the Earnout Payments)
in an aggregate amount exceeding $500,000 from
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (y) a reduction to the
Earnout Payments in an aggregate amount exceeding $5,000,000, or MDT shall have asserted in writing the existence of any of the foregoing
circumstances; 

-76- 

(ii)MDT shall be in breach of, or there shall be a default by MDT under, any MDT Document
in the payment of the Earnout Payments and such breach or default, to the extent capable of being cured, shall not have been cured by
MDT within 15 Business Days after the occurrence thereof; or

(iii)any of the MDT Documents shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be in
full force and effect or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of any party thereto (except upon fulfillment
of all parties obligations under such MDT Documents); or any party shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner such force
and effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability.

SECTION 9.2 Action if Bankruptcy. If any Event of Default described in clauses (i) through (iv) of Section 9.1(h) with respect
to the Borrower shall occur, the Commitments (if not theretofore terminated) shall automatically terminate and the outstanding principal
amount of the Loans and all other Obligations shall automatically be and become immediately due and payable, without notice or demand
to any Person.

SECTION 9.3 Action if Other Event of Default. If any Event of Default (other than any Event of Default described in clauses (i)
through (iv) of Section 9.1(h)) shall occur for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, and be continuing, the Administrative
Agent may, and shall at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower declare all
or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Loans and other Obligations to be due and payable and the Commitments (if not
theretofore terminated) to be terminated, whereupon the full unpaid amount of the Loans and other Obligations which shall be so declared
due and payable shall be and become immediately due and payable, without further notice, demand or presentment, and the Commitments shall
terminate.

SECTION 9.4 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 9.3 (or after the Loans have automatically
become immediately due and payable as set forth in Section 9.2), any amounts received by any Lender or the Administrative Agent
on account of the Obligations shall be applied in the following order:

First, to payment of that portion
of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to
the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such;

Second, to payment of that portion
of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including
fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders) arising under the Loan Documents and amounts payable under Section
4.3, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;

Third, to payment of that portion
of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and amounts payable under Sections 3.7, 3.8 and
3.10, ratably among

-77- 

the Lenders in proportion to the respective
amounts described in this clause Third held by them;

Fourth, to payment of that portion
of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid principal of the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts
described in this clause Fourth held by them; and

Last, the balance, if any, after
all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by law.

SECTION 9.5
Repayment Premium. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary the Repayment
Premium shall automatically be due and payable in accordance with the definition thereof at any time the Obligations become due and payable
prior to the Maturity Date in accordance with the terms hereof
as though such Indebtedness was voluntarily prepaid and shall constitute part of the Obligations, whether due to acceleration pursuant
to the terms of this Article IX (in which case it shall be due immediately, upon the giving of notice to Borrower in accordance with Section
9.1, or automatically, in accordance with Section 9.1), by operation of law or otherwise (including on account of any bankruptcy filing),
in view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining the actual amount of damages to the Lenders or profits lost by
the Lenders as a result of such acceleration, and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable estimation and calculation of
the lost profits or damages of the Lenders as a result thereof. Any Repayment Premium payable pursuant to this Agreement shall be presumed
to be the liquidated damages sustained by each Lender as the result of the early termination, acceleration or prepayment and each Loan
Party agrees that such Repayment Premium is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing. The Repayment Premium shall also be
payable in the event the Obligations (and/or this Agreement) are satisfied or released by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding),
deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means or the Obligations are reinstated pursuant to Section 1124 of the Bankruptcy Code. If
the Repayment Premium becomes due and payable pursuant to this Agreement, such Repayment Premium shall be deemed to be principal of the
Loans and Obligations under this Agreement and interest shall accrue on the full principal amount of the Loans (including the Repayment
Premium) from and after the applicable triggering event. In the event the Repayment Premium is determined not to be due and payable by
order of any court of competent jurisdiction, including by operation of the Bankruptcy Code, despite such a triggering event having occurred,
such Repayment Premium, shall nonetheless constitute Obligations under this Agreement for all purposes hereunder. EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY
WAIVES THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE REPAYMENT PREMIUM AND
ANY DEFENSE TO PAYMENT, WHETHER SUCH DEFENSE MAY BE BASED IN PUBLIC POLICY, AMBIGUITY, OR OTHERWISE. The Loan Parties, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that any
Repayment Premium due and payable in accordance with this Agreement shall not constitute unmatured interest, whether under Section 502(b)(3)
of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. Each Loan Party further acknowledges and agrees, and waives any argument to the contrary, that payment
of such amount does not constitute a penalty or an otherwise unenforceable or invalid obligation. Each Loan Party expressly agrees that
(i) the Repayment Premium is reasonable and the product of an arms-length transaction 

-78- 

between
sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel, (ii) the Repayment Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing
market rates at the time payment is made, (iii) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Loan Parties giving specific
consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Repayment Premium, (iv) the Loan Parties shall be estopped hereafter
from claiming differently than as agreed to in this Section 9.5, (v) their agreement to pay the Repayment Premium is a material inducement
to the Lenders to make the Loans, and (vi) the Repayment Premium represent a good faith, reasonable estimate and calculation of the lost
profits, losses or other damages of the Lenders and that it would be impractical and extremely difficult to ascertain the actual amount
of damages to the Lenders or profits lost by the Lenders as a result of such event.

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

SECTION 10.1 Waivers, Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other CreditLoan
Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed
by the Required Lenders and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent,
and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided,
further, that

(a)no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:

(i)extend or increase the Commitment of a Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 9.2) without
the written consent of such Lender whose Commitment is being extended or increased (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any
condition precedent set forth in Article V or a waiver of any Default or a mandatory reduction in Commitments is not considered
an extension or increase in Commitments of any Lender);

(ii)postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other CreditLoan
Document for any payment of principal (excluding mandatory prepayments), interest, Repayment Premiums, fees or other amounts due to the
Lenders (or any of them) without the written consent of each Lender entitled to receive such payment (it being understood that a waiver
of any Default or Event of Default shall not constitute such a postponement);

(iii)reduce the principal of, the rate of interest specified herein on or any Repayment Premium or Exit Fee specified herein
on any Loan, or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other CreditLoan
Document without the written consent of each Lender entitled to receive such payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts (other
than any such reduction in connection with a waiver of any Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or amendment to any financial
covenant);

-79- 

(iv)(x) amend or waive any provision of Section 9.4, or (y) amend or waive any provision providing for the pro rata treatment
of the Lenders, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(v)change any provision of this Section 10.1(a) or the definition of Required Lenders without the written
consent of all the Lenders; or

(vi)reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders, consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower
of any of their rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other CreditLoan
Documents, or release all or substantially all of the Collateral or release all or substantially all of the Guarantors from their obligations
under the Guarantee, in each case without the written consent of all the Lenders; and

(b)unless also signed by the Administrative Agent, no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties of the
Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other CreditLoan
Document;

provided, however, that notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, (i) each Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan that
affects the Loans, and each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States supersedes
the unanimous consent provisions set forth herein and (ii) the Required Lenders shall determine whether or not to allow a Loan Party to
use cash collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders.

Any payments, fees or other consideration (other
than reimbursements for out-of-pocket expenses) received by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders in respect
of any amendment, waiver or consent under the CreditLoan
Documents shall be distributed to the Lenders on a pro rata basis.

SECTION 10.2 Notices; Time.

(a)All notices and other communications provided under any CreditLoan
Document shall be in writing, by facsimile or email and addressed, delivered or transmitted, if to the Borrower or the Lenders, to the
applicable Person at its address, facsimile number or email set forth on Schedule 10.2 to the Disclosure Letter, or at such other
address, facsimile number or email as may be designated by such Party in a notice to the other Parties. Any notice, if mailed and properly
addressed with postage prepaid or if properly addressed and sent by pre-paid courier service, shall be deemed given when received; any
notice, if transmitted by facsimile, shall be deemed given when the confirmation of transmission thereof is received by the transmitter;
and any notice, if sent by email, when received. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to the time of a day in a CreditLoan
Document shall refer to New York City time.

(b)The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic
(email) loan notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified
herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any

-80- 

other
form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The
Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses
and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of a Loan Party; provided
that such indemnity shall not, as to any Person be available to the extent that such losses, costs, expenses or liabilities are determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of such Person. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative
Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

SECTION 10.3 No Usury. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the aggregate interest rate charged with respect to any of the
Obligations, including all charges or fees in connection therewith deemed in the nature of interest under applicable Law shall not exceed
the highest rate permitted by applicable Law. If the rate of interest (determined without regard to the preceding sentence) under this
Agreement at any time exceeds the highest lawful rate permitted by applicable Law, the outstanding amount of the Loans made hereunder
shall bear interest at the highest lawful rate permitted by applicable Law until the total amount of interest due hereunder equals the
amount of interest that would have been due hereunder if the stated rates of interest set forth in this Agreement had at all times been
in effect. Accordingly, if any Lender contracts for, charges, or receives any consideration that constitutes interest in excess of the
highest lawful rate permitted by applicable Law, then any such excess shall be cancelled automatically and, if previously paid, shall
at such Lenders option be applied to the outstanding amount of the Loans made hereunder or be refunded to the Loan Parties.

SECTION 10.4 Indemnification; Expenses; and Damage Waiver.

(a)In consideration of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, the Borrower
hereby indemnifies, agrees to defend, exonerates and holds each Lender and the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and each
Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) free and harmless from and
against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, losses, costs, liabilities, obligations and damages, claims and expenses incurred
in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnified Party is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder
is sought or whether or not any investigation, claim, action, suit or proceeding is brought by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or any other Person), including reasonable and documented attorneys and professionals fees and disbursements (collectively,
the Indemnified Liabilities), including Indemnified Liabilities arising out of or relating to (a) the entering into
and performance of any Loan Document by any of the Indemnified Parties, and in the case of the Administrative Agent and their Related
Parties only, the administration and enforcement of any Loan Document (in each case, including any action brought by or on behalf of the
Borrower as the result of any determination by any Lender pursuant to Article V not to fund any Loan), and (b) any Environmental
Liability. The foregoing indemnification shall not be available to any Indemnified Party (x) to the extent that a court or arbitral tribunal
of competent jurisdiction issues a

-81- 

final
and non-appealable judgment that such Indemnified Liability resulted from (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified
Party or (ii) other than with respect to the Administrative Agent (and its Related Parties) a material breach of the obligations of such
Indemnified Party under this Agreement at a time when neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries affiliates have breached their
obligations hereunder or (y) to the extent arising from any dispute solely among the Indemnified Parties that does not involve an act
or omission by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. If and to the extent that the foregoing indemnification may be unenforceable
for any reason, the Borrower agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities
which is permissible under applicable Law. Paragraph (a) of this Section 10.4 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other
than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

(b)Costs and Expenses. The Loan Parties shall pay (i) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by (A) Lenders party to this
Agreement on the date hereof and (B) the Administrative Agent, including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Lenders,
including local and foreign counsel, if any, which may be retained by or on behalf of any Lender, and counsel for the Administrative Agent,
and due diligence expenses incurred by such Lenders in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether
or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative
Agent or any Lender (including the fees, charges, legal expenses and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any
Lender), and shall pay all fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection
with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights
under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any
workout or restructuring (whether or not consummated) or negotiations in respect of such Loans or in connection with the enforcement of
any Obligations. The Borrower further agrees to pay, and to hold each Lender harmless from all liability for, any Other Taxes.

(c)Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount
required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by them to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any
Related Party thereof, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party,
as the case may be, such Lenders pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity
payment is sought based on each Lenders share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such
unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lenders
Applicable Percentages (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided,
further, that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related

-82- 

expense,
as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), or against any Related Party
thereof acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The
obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.09(b).

(d)Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Party shall assert, and
each Party hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnified Party, on any theory of
liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection
with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnified Party referred to in subsection (a) above
shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it
through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

(e)Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor.

SECTION 10.5 Survival. The obligations of the Borrower under Section 4.1, Section 4.2, Section 4.3 and Section
10.4, shall in each case survive any assignment by any Lender and the occurrence of the Termination Date. The representations and
warranties made by the Borrower in each Loan Document shall survive the execution and delivery of such Loan Document. The agreements in
this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.2(b) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement
of any Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. All representations
and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith
or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied
upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on
their behalf and notwithstanding that Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of
any borrowing, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or
unsatisfied.

SECTION 10.6 Severability. Any provision of any Loan Document or the other Loan Documents which is prohibited or unenforceable in
any jurisdiction shall, as to such provision and such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability
without invalidating the remaining provisions of such Loan Document or other Loan Document affecting the validity or enforceability of
such provision in any other jurisdiction.

SECTION 10.7 Headings. The various headings of each Loan Document and each other Loan Document are inserted for convenience only
and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of such Loan Document such Loan Document or any provisions thereof.

-83- 

SECTION 10.8 Execution in Counterparts, Effectiveness, Etc.. This Agreement may be executed by the Parties in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same agreement. This Agreement shall become
effective when counterparts hereof executed on behalf of the Borrower and the Lenders, shall have been received by the Lenders. Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by email (in pdf, tiff or similar format)
or telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

SECTION 10.9 Governing Law; Entire Agreement. EACH LOAN DOCUMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER
IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE
SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK) WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS
OR RULES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. The Loan Documents constitute the entire understanding
among the Parties with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersede any prior agreements, understandings or representations, written
or oral, with respect thereto.

SECTION 10.10 Successors and Assigns.

(a)Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement and the other CreditLoan
Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns
permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or thereunder
without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by
way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (di)
of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (eb)
of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement,
expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns
permitted hereby and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders)
any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. No assignment or transfer of any Commitment or Loan
shall be effective until receipt and acceptance into the Register by the Administrative Agent of a fully executed Assignment and Assumption
effecting the assignment or transfer thereof, together with the required forms and certificates regarding tax matters and any fees payable
in connection with such assignment, in each case, as provided in Section 10.10(b)(ive).
The date of such assignment shall be referred to herein as the Assignment Effective Date.

(b)Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights
and obligations under this Agreement and the

-84- 

other
CreditLoan Documents
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall
be subject to the following conditions:

(i)Minimum Amounts.

(1)A. in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the
assigning Lenders Commitment and/or the Loans at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds
that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B2)
of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum
amount need be assigned; and

(2)B. in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section,
the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment
is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined
as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade
Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $1,000,000 unless each of the
Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);

(c)(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made
as an assignment of a proportionate part of all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect
to the Loans or the Commitment assigned;

(d)(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment.
except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition, the consent of the Required Lenders (such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender
or an Approved Fund.

(e)(iv) Assignment and Assumption. Assignments and assumptions of Loans
and Commitments by Lenders shall be effected by execution and delivery to the Administrative Agent of an Assignment and Assumption. Assignments
made pursuant to the foregoing provision shall be effective as of the Assignment Effective Date, subject to acceptance and recording thereof
in the Register by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.10(ch).
In connection with all assignments there shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent such forms, certificates or other evidence, if
any, with respect to United States federal income tax withholding matters as the assignee under such Assignment and Assumption may be
required to deliver pursuant to Section 4.3, together

-85- 

with payment
to the Administrative Agent of a registration and processing fee of $3,500, which may be waived or reduced at the sole discretion of
the Administrative Agent.

(f)(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be
made to a Loan Party or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of a Loan Party, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute
any of the foregoing Persons (other than to the Lenders on the date hereof and their respective Affiliates).

(g)(vi) Effectiveness. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof
by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (ch)
of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party
to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a
Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and
Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the
assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue
to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 4.3 and 10.4 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective
date of such assignment. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment
or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes
of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (di)
of this Section.

(h)(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose
as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agents Office
a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation
of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to,
each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive
absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the
Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection
by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(i)(d) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign
a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations
of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge
or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender
as a party hereto.

SECTION 10.11 Other Transactions. Nothing contained herein shall preclude any Lender or any of its Affiliates from engaging in any
transaction, in addition to those contemplated by the

-86- 

Loan Documents, with the Borrower or any of its Affiliates in which
the Borrower or such Affiliate is not restricted hereby from engaging with any other Person.

SECTION
10.12 Forum Selection and Consent to Jurisdiction. ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION
WITH, ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE BORROWER IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED IN THE COURTS OF THE BOROUGH OF
MANHATTAN IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK;
PROVIDED THAT ANY SUIT SEEKING ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE BROUGHT, AT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS
OR THE LENDERS OPTION, IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY
CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY REGISTERED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, OR BY PERSONAL SERVICE WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE STATE OF NEW YORK
AT THE ADDRESS FOR NOTICES SPECIFIED IN SECTION 10.2 . THE BORROWER HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY HAVE OR HEREAFTER MAY HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH
COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE BORROWER
HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE,
ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, THE BORROWER HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS.

SECTION
10.13 Waiver of Jury Trial. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE LENDERS AND THE BORROWER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY
WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR
ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, EACH LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL
OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE BORROWER IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THE BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT IT HAS RECEIVED FULL AND SUFFICIENT CONSIDERATION FOR THIS PROVISION (AND EACH OTHER PROVISION OF EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT
TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY) AND THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS ENTERING INTO THE
LOAN DOCUMENTS.

-87- 

SECTION
10.14 Confidential Information. Subject to the provisions of Section 10.15, at all times prior to the Termination
Date, the Receiving Party shall keep confidential and shall not publish or otherwise disclose any Confidential Information furnished to
it by the Disclosing Party, except to those of the Receiving Partys employees, advisors or consultants who have a need to know
such information to assist such Party in the performance of such Partys obligations or in the exercise of such Partys rights
hereunder and who are subject to reasonable obligations of confidentiality consistent with this Section 10.14 (collectively, Recipients).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, (a) any Lender may disclose any Confidential Information to (i) its Affiliates,
(ii) potential and actual assignees of any of such Lenders rights hereunder and (iii) potential and actual investors in, or lenders
to, such Lender (including, in each case of the foregoing cases, such Persons employees, advisors or consultants); provided
that in each case, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, each such Recipient shall be subject to reasonable obligations
of confidentiality; and (b) upon receiving consent from the Lenders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned,
the Borrower may disclose any Confidential Information, to potential or actual permitted acquirers or assignees, collaborators and other
licensees or sub-licensees, permitted subcontractors, investment bankers, investors, lenders (including, in each of the foregoing cases,
such Persons employees, advisors or consultants who have a need to receive and review such information); provided that in each
case, each such Recipient shall be subject to reasonable obligations of confidentiality. In addition to the foregoing, the Receiving Party
may disclose Confidential Information belonging to the Disclosing Party to the extent (and only to the extent) such disclosure is reasonably
necessary in order to comply with applicable Laws (including any securities law or regulation or the rules of a securities exchange) and
with judicial process, if in the reasonable opinion of the Receiving Partys counsel, such disclosure is necessary for such compliance,
provided that the Receiving Party (x) will only disclose those portions of the Confidential Information that are necessary or required
to be so disclosed, and (y) to the extent legally permissible, will notify the Disclosing Party of the Receiving Partys intent
to make any disclosure pursuant thereto sufficiently prior to making such disclosure so as to allow the Disclosing Party time to take
whatever action it may deem appropriate to protect the confidentiality of the information to be disclosed.

SECTION
10.15 Exceptions to Confidentiality. The Receiving Partys obligations set forth in this Agreement shall not extend
to any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party:

(a)that is or hereafter becomes part of the public domain (other than as a result of a disclosure by the Receiving Party or
its Recipients in violation of this Agreement);

(b)that is received from a Third Party without restriction on disclosure and without, to the knowledge of the Receiving Party,
breach of any agreement between such Third Party and the Disclosing Party;

(c)that the Receiving Party can demonstrate by competent evidence was already in its possession without any limitation on disclosure
prior to its receipt from the Disclosing Party;

(d)that is generally made available to Third Parties by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; or

-88- 

(e)that the Receiving Party can demonstrate by competent evidence was independently developed by the Receiving Party without
use of or reference to the Confidential Information; or.

(f)
that is disclosed to any of the Lenders or any of their Affiliates, agents or representatives in violation of Section
7.14.

SECTION
10.16 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender or Administrative Agent to exercise, and no
delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate
as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein
provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges
provided by law.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other
CreditLoan Documents
against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such
enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 11.1 for the
benefit of all the Lenders; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising
on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under
the other CreditLoan
Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 4.5 (subject to the terms of Section 4.4(e)),
or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding
relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law or any proceedings arising out of or in connection with an Insolvency Event; and
provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other CreditLoan
Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.1
and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 4.4(e), any
Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required
Lenders.

SECTION
10.17 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Loan Party is made to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such
setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant
to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver, receiver,
manager, monitor or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, any proceedings arising out of or
in connection with an Insolvency Event or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally
intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had
not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication)
of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the

-89- 

Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of
such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations
of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of
this Agreement.

SECTION
10.18 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. The words execute, execution,
signed, signature and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption or in any amendment or other modification
hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms
and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each
of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global
and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act.

SECTION
10.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In EEAof
AffectedFinancial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement,
arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto (including any party becoming a party hereto by virtue of an Assignment
Agreement) acknowledges that any liability of any EEAAffected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and
conversion powers of an EEAthe
applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEAthe
applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is
an EEAAffected Financial
Institution; and

(b)the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEAAffected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that
such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document; and

(iii)the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA
Resolution Authority.

(c)In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a
Lender has provided another

-90- 

representation,
warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents
and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender
party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not,
for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Borrower or any other Loan Party, that Administrative Agent is
not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration
of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any
rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto).

SECTION
10.20 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs.

To the extent that the Loan
Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedging Obligations or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC
(such support, QFC Credit Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge
and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder,
the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions
below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the
State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

In the event a Covered Entity
that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution
Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such
Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such
Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the
Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the
United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject
to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported
QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than
such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed
by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that
rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect
to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

SECTION
10.21 No Novation. This Agreement constitutes an amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement and does not
extinguish the obligations for the payment of money outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement or discharge or release the Obligations
outstanding under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement or the Lien or

-91- 

priority of any mortgage, pledge, security agreement or any other security
therefor. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the Obligations outstanding under, and as defined
in, the Existing Credit Agreement or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby
or by instruments or documents executed concurrently herewith. Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement shall be construed as a
release or other discharge of any Loan Party under the Existing Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents from any of its obligations
and liabilities as a Borrower or Guarantor thereunder. Each party hereto hereby (a) confirms and agrees that
each Loan Document to which it is a party is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect, as modified by this amendment and restatement
and instruments or documents executed concurrently herewith, and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects except that on and after
the Amendment and Restatement Closing Date all references in any such Loan Document to (i) the Credit Agreement, thereto,
thereof, thereunder or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean the Existing
Credit Agreement as amended and restated by this Agreement and (ii) the Borrower shall continue to refer to Acutus Medical,
Inc. and (b) confirms and agrees that to the extent that any such Loan Document purports to assign or pledge to the Administrative Agent
a security interest in or Lien on, any collateral as security for the obligations of the Borrower from time to time existing in respect
of the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, such pledge, assignment and/or grant of the security interest or Lien is
hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.

SECTION
10.22 Independent Nature of Lenders. The obligations of each Lender under the Loan Documents are several and not joint with
the obligations of any other Lender, and no Lender shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other
Lender under the Loan Documents. Each Lender shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants
under the Loan Documents. The decision of each Lender to acquire the Securities pursuant to the Loan Documents has been made by such Lender
independently of any other Lender and independently of any information, materials, statements or opinions as to the business, affairs,
operations, assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries that may have been made or given by any other Lender or by any agent, attorney, advisor, representative or employee
of any other Lender, and no Lender or any of its agents, attorneys, advisors, representatives or employees shall have any liability to
any other Lender (or any other Person) relating to or arising from any such information, materials, statements or opinions. Nothing contained
in the Loan Documents, and no action taken by any Lender pursuant hereto or thereto (including a Lenders acquisition of Obligations,
Notes, Lender Warrants or any other Securities at the same time as any other Lender),
shall be deemed to constitute the Lenders as, and each of the Loan Parties acknowledges and agrees that the Lenders do not thereby constitute,
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Lenders are in any way acting
in concert or as a group with respect to such Obligations or the transactions contemplated by any of the Loan Documents, and none of the
Loan Parties shall assert any contrary position.

SECTION
10.23 No Fiduciary Relationship. Each of the Loan Parties acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Administrative Agent
and each Lender is acting at arms length from the Loan Parties with respect to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; (b) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender will, by

-92- 

virtue of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any
transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, be (nor, to the Loan Parties knowledge, otherwise is) an Affiliate of, or have any
agency, tenancy or joint venture relationship with, any Loan Party; (c) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender has acted, or
is or will be acting, as a financial advisor to, or fiduciary (or in any similar capacity) of, or has any fiduciary or similar duty to,
any Loan Party with respect to, or in connection with, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, and each of the Loan Parties agrees not to assert, and hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law,
any claim that the Administrative Agent or any Lender has any fiduciary duty to such Loan Party; (d) any advice given by the Administrative
Agent or a Lender or any of its representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to such Lenders performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder (including,
in the case of each of the Lenders, its acquisition of the Securities); and (e) the Loan Parties decision to enter into the Loan
Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Loan Parties and their representatives.

ARTICLE
XI

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

SECTION 11.1 Appointment and Authority.

(a)Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Wilmington Trust to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder
and under the other CreditLoan
Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the
Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are incidental thereto. The provisions of
this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party
shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent
herein or in any other CreditLoan
Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied
(or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom,
and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.

(b)The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the CreditLoan
Documents, and each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender
for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the
Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral
agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.5
for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Agreement, or for
exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all
provisions of Article X (including Section 10.4(c)), as though such co-

-93- 

agents,
sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the CreditLoan
Documents) and this Article XI as if set forth in full herein with respect
thereto.

SECTION 11.2 Rights as a Lender. A Person serving as an Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in
its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Administrative Agent and the term Lender
or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving
as an Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to,
own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with
any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not an Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor
to the Lenders.

SECTION 11.3 Exculpatory Provisions. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set
forth herein and in the other CreditLoan
Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Administrative
Agent:

(a)shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing;

(b)shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights
and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other CreditLoan
Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise or as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number
or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other CreditLoan
Documents); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action or to exercise any of the rights or
powers vested in it by this Agreement at the request or direction of the Lenders, pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, unless
such Lenders shall have offered to the Administrative Agent security or indemnity (satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole
and absolute discretion) against the costs, expenses and liabilities which may be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction,
or that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any CreditLoan
Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may
be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property
of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and

(c)shall, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other CreditLoan
Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party
or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as an Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates
in any capacity.

The Administrative Agent
shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders or (ii) in
the absence of its own gross

-94- 

negligence or willful misconduct as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment. Subject to the proviso in Section 11.3(b), to the extent
the Administrative Agent is permitted to take any discretionary action hereunder or under any CreditLoan
Document, it shall take such action if instructed in writing to do so by the Required Lenders. Administrative Agent shall not be deemed
to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given in writing
to Administrative Agent by the Borrower, or a Lender.

The Administrative Agent
shall have the right to request instructions from the Required Lenders or, as required, each of the Lenders. If the Administrative Agent
shall request instructions from the Required Lenders or each of the Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall
be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary under the circumstances), as the case may
be, with respect to any act or action (including the failure to act) in connection with this Agreement or any other CreditLoan
Document, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action unless and until the Administrative
Agent shall have received instructions from the Required Lenders or such other number or percentage of the Lenders, as the case may be,
and the Administrative Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining.

The Administrative Agent
shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in
connection with this Agreement or any other CreditLoan
Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or
therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein
or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement,
any other CreditLoan
Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article V or elsewhere
herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent
(i) shall neither be responsible for, nor chargeable with knowledge of, the terms and conditions of any other agreement, instrument or
document or than this Agreement and the other CreditLoan
Documents, whether or not an original or a copy of such agreement, instrument or document has been provided to the Administrative Agent
and (ii) shall have no duty to know or inquire as to the performance of any provision of any other agreement, instrument or document other
than this Agreement and the other CreditLoan
Documents.

The Administrative Agent
shall have no liability for any action taken, or errors in judgment made, in good faith by it or any of its officers, employees or agents,
unless it shall have been negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. The permissive rights of the Administrative Agent to do things
enumerated in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty and, with respect to such permissive rights, the Administrative Agent shall
not be answerable in respect thereof other than for its gross negligence or willful misconduct. Nothing in this Agreement shall require
the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties
or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers hereunder.

-95- 

Neither the Administrative
Agent nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates shall be responsible for nor have any duty to monitor the performance
or any action of any Loan Party, or any of their directors, members, officers, agents, affiliates or employee, nor shall it have any liability
in connection with the malfeasance or nonfeasance by such party. The Administrative Agent may assume performance by all such Persons of
their respective obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have no enforcement or notification obligations relating to breaches of representations
or warranties of any other Person.

The Administrative Agent
shall not be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement arising out of
or caused, directly or indirectly, by circumstances beyond its control, including without
limitation, including any act or provision of any present or future
law or regulation or governmental authority; acts of God; earthquakes; fires; floods; wars; terrorism; civil or military disturbances;
sabotage; epidemics; riots; interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, computer (hardware or software) or communications service;
accidents; labor disputes; acts of civil or military authority or governmental actions; or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank
wire or telex or other wire or communication facility.

SECTION 11.4 Reliance by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur
any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including
any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed,
sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by
telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining
compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender,
the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received
notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who
may be counsel for the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action
taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

SECTION 11.5 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers
hereunder or under any other CreditLoan
Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent
may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The rights, benefits
and privileges (including the exculpatory and indemnification provisions) of Article X and this Article XI shall apply to
any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective
activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative
Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that
a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence
or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to each sub-agent
appointed by the Administrative Agent, (i) such sub-agent shall be a third party beneficiary under this Agreement with respect to all
such rights, benefits and privileges (including

-96- 

exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) and shall have all
of the rights and benefits of a third party beneficiary, including an independent right of action to enforce such rights, benefits and
privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) directly, without the consent or joinder of any other Person,
against any or all of the Loan Parties and the Lenders, (ii) any modification to such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory
rights and rights to indemnification) shall not be effective as against such sub-agent without its written consent thereto, and (iii)
such sub-agent shall only have obligations to the Administrative Agent and not to any Loan Party, Lender or any other Person and no Loan
Party, Lender or any other Person shall have any rights, directly or indirectly, as a third party beneficiary or otherwise, against such
subagent.

SECTION 11.6 Resignation or Removal of the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent at
any time by giving thirty (30) days advance notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower and, thereafter, the retiring Administrative
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right
to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. No less than thirty (30) days following the delivery of such written notice, the Required
Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United
States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States, with whom the Lenders shall be dealing on an arms
length basis. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor
Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative
Agent. After any retiring Administrative Agents resignation hereunder as administrative agent or upon a removal of an Administrative
Agent, the provisions of this Section 11.6 shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted
to be taken by it while it was acting as Administrative Agent. If no successor has accepted appointment as Administrative Agent by the
date which is thirty (30) days following a retiring Administrative Agents notice of resignation or removal, the retiring Administrative
Agents resignation or removal shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Required Lenders shall perform all of the duties
of such Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided
for above. Any corporation or association into which Wilmington Trust may be converted or merged, or with which it may be consolidated,
or to which it may sell or transfer all or substantially all of its corporate trust business and assets as a whole or substantially as
a whole, or any corporation or association resulting from any such conversion, sale, merger, consolidation or transfer to which Wilmington
Trust is a party, will be and become the successor to Wilmington Trust as Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other CreditLoan
Documents and will and succeed to the same rights, powers, duties immunities and privileges as its predecessor, without the execution
or filing of any instrument or document or the performance of any further act.

SECTION 11.7 Non-Reliance on the Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and
without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information
as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that
it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based
on

-97- 

such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate,
continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other CreditLoan
Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

SECTION 11.8 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation,
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative
Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise
and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention
in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a)to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and
all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances
of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative
Agent under Section 10.4) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(b)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, receiver-manager,
monitor, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by
each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making
of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent
under Section 10.4.

Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative
Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.

SECTION 11.9 Collateral and Guarantee Matters. The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in
its discretion,

(a) 
to release any Lien on any Collateral granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any CreditLoan
Document (i) upon payment in full of all Obligations, or (ii) solely
prior to the Second Closing, that is sold or otherwise disposed of to a Person that is not a Loan Party as part of or in connection
with any sale or other Disposition permitted hereunder and under the other Credit

-98- 

DocumentDocuments
or any Casualty Event, or (iii) as approved in accordance with Section 10.1;
and.

(b)
to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee
if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction
permitted under the Credit Documents.

Upon request by the Administrative
Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents authority to release its interest in
particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee, pursuant to this Section
11.9.

The Administrative Agent
shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value
or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate
prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any
failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.

In the event that any Collateral
shall be attached, garnished or levied upon by any court order, or the delivery thereof shall be stayed or enjoined by an order of a court,
or any order, judgment or decree shall be made or entered by any court order affecting the Collateral, the Administrative Agent is hereby
expressly authorized, in its sole discretion, to respond as it deems appropriate or to comply with all writs, orders or decrees so entered
or issued, or which it is advised by legal counsel of its own choosing is binding upon it, whether with or without jurisdiction. In the
event that the Administrative Agent obeys or complies with any such writ, order or decree it shall not be liable to any of the Parties
or to any other person, firm or corporation, should, by reason of such compliance notwithstanding, such writ, order or decree be subsequently
reversed, modified, annulled, set aside or vacated.

The Administrative Agent
shall have no obligation to give, execute, deliver, file, record, authorize or obtain any financing statements, notices, instruments,
documents, agreements, consents or other papers as shall be necessary to (i) create, preserve, perfect or validate any security interest
granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the CreditLoan
Documents or (ii) enable the Administrative Agent to exercise and enforce its rights under the CreditLoan
Documents with respect to any such pledge and security interest. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty
to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence,
priority or perfection of the Administrative Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith,
nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.

SECTION 11.10 Joinder of New LenderDeerfield Partners, L.P. (the New Lender) (i) represents and warrants that
it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make and maintain the Amendment and Restatement Term Loans under this Agreement made
and maintained by it hereunder and it is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (ii) irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative
Agent to act as Administrative Agent on its behalf in accordance with Section 11.1 and the other terms of this Agreement and the
other the CreditLoan
Documents,

-99- 

(iii) shall perform in accordance with their terms all obligations
that, by the terms of the CreditLoan
Documents, are required to be performed by it as a Lender, (iv) confirms it has received such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and shall continue to make its own credit decisions
in taking or not taking any action under any CreditLoan
Document independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information
as it shall deem appropriate at the time and (v) has informed the Administrative Agent of its applicable lending offices (and addresses
for notices). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article V hereof,
the New Lender shall hereinafter be a party to the Credit Agreement and the other CreditLoan
Documents as a Lender and shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and thereunder.

[Signature Page Follows]

-100- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.

ACUTUS MEDICAL, INC.,

as the Borrower

By: _________________________________

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Credit Agreement

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Administrative Agent

By: _________________________________ 

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Credit Agreement

Deerfield partners, l.p.

By: Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., its General Partner

By: J.E. Flynn Capital, LLC, its General Partner

By: _________________________________

Name:

Title:

Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., its General Partner

By: J.E. Flynn Capital, LLC, its General Partner

By: _________________________________

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Credit Agreement

Schedule 2.1

COMMITMENTS AND APPLICABLE PERCENTAGES

Commitment Amount as of the Amendment and Restatement
Closing Date: 

Lender Commitment Amount Applicable Percentage

DEERFIELD PARTNERS, L.P. $17,500,000 50%

Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P. $17,500,000 50%

Total $35,000,000 100%

Exhibit B

Amended Security Agreement

[see attached]

Exhibit
B to Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement

PLEDGE AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT

This PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of
May 20, 2019 (as amended by the Fifth Amendment, and as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Security Agreement), is by and among ACUTUS MEDICAL, INC.,
a Delaware corporation (the Borrower and together with any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided
herein, each a Grantor and, collectively, the Grantors), and WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
(together with its successors, transferees and assignees), as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent)
for the Secured Parties (defined below).

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, pursuant
to the the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party
thereto (the Lenders) and the Administrative Agent
are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,
dated as of May 20June 30,
20192022 (as amended,
restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Credit Agreement), by and between the Borrower, the Lenders
(as defined therein), OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II, LP, as Origination Agent, and
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders have extended Commitments to make Loans to the Borrower;

WHEREAS,
in connection with the Fifth Amendment, the Borrower has requested that, on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date the Lenders agree to permit
the Borrower to engage in the Restructuring Transaction (as defined in the Fifth Amendment); 

WHEREAS, as a condition precedent to the making
of the Initial Loan, and as an inducement for the Lenders to make the Loans, in each case under the Credit Agreementeffectiveness
of the Fifth Amendment, each Grantor is required to execute and deliver this Security Agreement; and

WHEREAS, it is
required under the terms of the Credit Agreement that
the Grantors shall have granted, pledged and assigned the security interests and undertaken the obligations contemplated by this Security
Agreement.

WHEREAS,
the Lenders are willing, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Fifth Amendment and herein, to permit the Borrower to engage in
the Restructuring Transaction.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1Certain Terms. The following terms (whether or not underscored) when used in this Security Agreement, including its preamble
and recitals, shall have the following meanings (such definitions to be equally applicable to the singular and plural forms thereof):

1

Administrative Agent is defined
in the preamble.

Agent Determination is defined
in Section 7.11.

Borrower is defined in the
preamble.

Collateral is defined in Section
2.1.

Collateral Accounts is defined
in Section 4.3(b).

Computer Hardware and Software Collateral
means (a) all of the Grantors computer and other electronic data processing hardware, integrated computer systems, central processing
units, memory units, display terminals, printers, features, computer elements, card readers, tape drives, hard and soft disk drives, cables,
electrical supply hardware, generators, power equalizers, accessories and all peripheral devices and other related computer hardware,
including all operating system software, utilities and application programs in whatsoever form; (b) all software programs (including both
source code, object code and all related applications and data files) designed for use on the computers and electronic data processing
hardware described in clause (a) above; (c) all firmware associated therewith; (d) all documentation (including flow charts, logic
diagrams, manuals, guides, specifications, training materials, charts and pseudo codes) with respect to such hardware, software and firmware
described in the preceding clauses (a) through (c); and (e) all rights with respect to all of the foregoing, including copyrights,
licenses, options, warranties, service contracts, program services, test rights, maintenance rights, support rights, improvement rights,
renewal rights and indemnifications and any substitutions, replacements, improvements, error corrections, updates, additions or model
conversions of any of the foregoing.

Control Agreement means an
authenticated record in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, that provides for the Administrative Agent
to have control (as defined in the UCC) over certain Collateral.

Copyright Collateral means
all copyrights of the Grantors, whether statutory or common law, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished,
now or hereafter in force throughout the world including all of the Grantors rights, titles and interests in and to all copyrights
registered in the United States Copyright Office or anywhere else in the world, including the copyrights referred to in Item A
of Schedule V to the Disclosure Letter, and registrations and recordings thereof and all applications for registration thereof,
whether pending or in preparation, all copyright licenses, including each material copyright license referred to in Item B of Schedule
V to the Disclosure Letter, the right to sue for past, present and future infringements of any of the foregoing, all common
law, moral rights and other rights corresponding thereto, all extensions and renewals of any thereof and all Proceeds of the foregoing,
including licenses, royalties, income, payments, claims, damages and Proceeds of suit, which are owned or licensed by the Grantors.

Credit Agreement is defined
in the first recital.

Distributions means all dividends
paid on Capital Securities, liquidating dividends paid on Capital Securities, shares (or other designations) of Capital Securities resulting
from (or in

2

connection with the exercise of) stock splits, reclassifications, warrants,
options, non-cash dividends, mergers, consolidations, and all other distributions (whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing) on
or with respect to any Capital Securities constituting Collateral.

Financing Statements is defined
in Section 3.7(b).

General Intangibles means
all general intangibles and all payment intangibles, each as defined in the UCC, and shall include all interest
rate or currency protection or hedging arrangements, all tax refunds, all licenses, permits, concessions and authorizations and all Intellectual
Property Collateral (in each case, regardless of whether characterized as general intangibles under the UCC).

Grantor and Grantors
are defined in the preamble.

Intellectual Property Collateral
means, collectively, the Computer Hardware and Software Collateral, the Copyright Collateral, the Patent Collateral, the Trademark Collateral,
the Trade Secrets Collateral, Product Agreements and Regulatory Authorizations.

Intercompany Note means any
promissory note evidencing loans made by any Grantor to any other Grantor.

Investment Property means,
collectively, (a) all investment property (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(49) of the UCC) and (b) whether or
not constituting investment property as so defined, all Pledged Notes.

Lenders is defined in the
preamble.

Patent Collateral means:

(a)all of the Grantors (i) inventions and discoveries, whether patentable or not, and (ii) letters patent and applications
for letters patent throughout the world, including all patent applications in preparation for filing and each patent and patent application
referred to in Item A of Schedule III to the Disclosure Letter;

(b)all reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, extensions, renewals and reexaminations of any of the items described
in clause (a);

(c)all patent licenses, and other agreements providing any Grantor with the right to use any items of the type referred to in clauses
(a) and (b) above, including each patent license referred to in Item B of Schedule III; and

(d)all Proceeds of, and rights associated with, the foregoing (including licenses, royalties income, payments, claims, damages and
Proceeds of infringement suits) and the right to sue third parties for past, present or future infringements of any patent or patent application
and for breach or enforcement of any patent license.

Permitted Liens means all
Liens permitted by Section 8.3 of the Credit Agreement.

3

Pledged Notes means all promissory
notes listed on Item J of Schedule II to the Disclosure Letter (as
such schedule may be amended or supplemented from time to time), all Intercompany Notes at any time issued to any Grantor and all
other promissory notes issued to or held by any Grantor.

Secured Parties means, collectively,
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and Secured Party means any one of them.

Securities Act is defined
in Section 6.2(a).

Security Agreement is defined
in the preamble.

Trade Secrets Collateral means
all of the Grantors common law and statutory trade secrets and all other confidential, proprietary or useful information, and all
know-how obtained by or used in or contemplated at any time for use in the business of any Grantor (all of the foregoing being collectively
called a Trade Secret), whether or not such Trade Secret has been reduced to a writing or other tangible form, including
all documents and things embodying, incorporating or referring in any way to such Trade Secret, all Trade Secret licenses, including each
Trade Secret license referred to in Schedule VI, and including the right to sue for and to enjoin and to collect damages for the
actual or threatened misappropriation of any Trade Secret and for the breach or enforcement of any such Trade Secret license.

Trademark Collateral means:

(a) (i)
all of the Grantors trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles,
service marks, certification marks, collective marks, logos and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill of the business
associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired including those referred to in Item A of Schedule IV
to the Disclosure Letter, whether currently in use or not, all registrations and recordings thereof and all applications in connection
therewith, whether pending or in preparation for filing, including registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent
and Trademark Office or in any office or agency of the United States of America, or any state thereof or any other country or political
subdivision thereof or otherwise, and all common-law rights relating to the foregoing, and (ii) the right to obtain all reissues, extensions
or renewals of the foregoing (collectively referred to as the Trademarks);

(b) all
Trademark licenses for the grant by or to any Grantors of any right to use any Trademark, including each Trademark license referred to
in Item B of Schedule IV;

(c) all
of the goodwill of the business connected with the use of, and symbolized by the items described in, clause (a), and to the extent
applicable clause (b);

(d) the
right to sue third parties for past, present and future infringements of any Trademark Collateral described in clause (a) and,
to the extent applicable, clause (b); and

4

(e) all
Proceeds of, and rights associated with, the foregoing, including any claim by any Grantor against third parties for past, present or
future infringement or dilution of any Trademark, Trademark registration or Trademark license, or for any injury to the goodwill associated
with the use of any such Trademark or for breach or enforcement of any Trademark license and all rights corresponding thereto throughout
the world.

Section 1.2Credit Agreement Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Security
Agreement, including its preamble and recitals, have the meanings provided in the Credit Agreement.

Section 1.3UCC Definitions. When used herein the terms Account, Certificate of Title, Certificated
Securities, Chattel Paper, Commercial Tort Claim, Commodity Account, Commodity
Contract, Deposit Account, Document, Electronic Chattel Paper, Equipment,
Financial Asset, Goods, Instrument, Inventory, Letter-of-Credit Rights,
Payment Intangibles, Proceeds, Promissory Notes, Securities Account, Security,
Security Entitlement, Supporting Obligations and Uncertificated Securities have the meaning
provided in Article 8 or Article 9, as applicable, of the UCC. Letters of Credit has the meaning provided in Section 5-102
of the UCC.

ARTICLE
II

SECURITY INTEREST

Section 2.1Grant of Security Interest. Each Grantor hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
a continuing security interest in all of such Grantors right, title and interest in and to the following property, whether now
or hereafter existing, owned or acquired by such Grantor, and wherever located (collectively, the Collateral):

(a)Accounts;

(b)Chattel Paper;

(c)Commercial Tort Claims, including those listed on Item I of Schedule II to the Disclosure Letter (as
such schedule may be amended or supplemented from time to time);

(d)Deposit Accounts; Securities Accounts; and Collateral Accounts;

(e)Documents;

(f)MDT Documents, including the rights to Earnout Payments and any proceeds relating
thereto, in each case solely to the extent the grant of a security interest therein or the collateral assignment thereof would not constitute
a violation of a valid and enforceable restriction or create a right of termination (after giving effect to Sections 9-

5

406,
9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC or any other applicable Law) under
the terms of the MDT Documents unless the counterparty thereto has
consented thereto;

(g)(f) General Intangibles;

(h)(g) Goods (including Goods held on consignment
with third parties);

(i)(h) Instruments;

(j)(i) Investment Property, including all Securities, all Securities Accounts
and all Security Entitlements with respect thereto and all Financial Assets carried therein, and all Commodity Accounts and Commodity
Contracts;

(k)(j) Letter-of-Credit Rights and Letters of Credit;

(l)(k) Capital Securities;

(m)(l) Supporting Obligations;

(n)(m) all books, records, writings, databases, information and other property
relating to, used or useful in connection with, evidencing, embodying, incorporating or referring to, any of the foregoing in this Section
2.1;

(o)(n) all other tangible or intangible personal property and rights of every
kind and description and interests therein;

(p)(o) to the extent not otherwise included, (x) all payments under insurance
(whether or not the Administrative Agent is the loss payee thereof) in respect of Collateral and (y) all tort claims; and

(q)(p) all Proceeds of any of the foregoing, all Accessions to and substitutions
and replacements for, any of the Collateral, and all offspring, rents, profits and products of any of the Collateral, and, to the extent
related to any Collateral, all books, correspondence, credit files, records, invoices and other papers (including all tapes, cards, computer
runs and other papers and documents in the possession or under control of any Grantor or any computer bureau or service company from time
to time acting for a Grantor).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Collateral
shall not include:

(i)any General Intangibles or other rights, in each case arising under any contracts, instruments, licenses or other documents as
to which the grant of a security interest would (A) constitute a violation of a valid and enforceable restriction in favor of a third
party on such grant, unless and until any required consents shall have been obtained, or (B) give any other party to such contract,
instrument, license or other document the right to terminate its obligations thereunder;

6

(ii)Trademark applications filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office on the basis of such Grantors intent
to use such trademark, unless and until acceptable evidence of use of the Trademark has been filed with the United States Patent
and Trademark Office pursuant to Section 1(c) or Section 1(d) of the Lanham Act (15 U.S.C. 1051, et seq.), solely
to the extent that granting a Lien in such Trademark application prior to such filing would adversely affect the enforceability
or validity of such Trademark application under applicable Law;

(iii)any asset, the granting of a security interest in which would be void or illegal under any applicable Law or pursuant thereto would
result in, or permit the termination of, such asset; or

(iv)the Excluded Accounts; or

(v) any
asset subject to a Permitted Lien (other than Liens in favor of the Secured Parties),
securing obligations permitted under the Credit Agreement to the extent that the grant of other Liens on such asset (A) would result in
a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, the agreement or instrument governing such Permitted Lien, (B) would result in
the loss of use of such asset or (C) would permit the holder of such Permitted Lien to terminate the Grantors use of such asset;

provided that the property described in
each of the clauses (i),and
(iii) and (v) above shall only be excluded from the term Collateral to
the extent the conditions stated in such clauses are not rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the
UCC or any other applicable Law.

Section 2.2Security for Obligations. This Security Agreement and the Collateral in which the Administrative Agent, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, is granted a security interest hereunder by the Grantors to secure the payment and performance of all of the Obligations.

Section 2.3Grantors Remain Liable. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding:

(a)the Grantors will remain liable under the contracts and agreements included in the Collateral to the extent set forth therein,
and will perform all of their duties and obligations under such contracts and agreements to the same extent as if this Security Agreement
had not been executed;

(b)the exercise by any Secured Party of any of its rights hereunder will not release any Grantor from any of its duties or obligations
under any such contracts or agreements included in the Collateral; and

(c)the Secured Parties will not have any obligation or liability under any contracts or agreements included in the Collateral by reason
of this Security Agreement, nor will the Secured Parties be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of

7

any Grantor
thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder.

Section 2.4Distributions on Capital Securities; Payments on Pledged Notes. In the event that any (a) Distribution with respect to any
Capital Securities or (b) payment with respect to any Pledged Notes, in each case pledged hereunder, is permitted to be paid (in accordance
with Section 8.6 of the Credit Agreement), such Distribution or payment may be paid directly to the applicable Grantor. If any Distribution
or payment is made in contravention of Section 8.6 of the Credit Agreement, such Grantor shall hold the same segregated and in trust for
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, until paid to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section
4.1.5.

Section 2.5Security Interest Absolute, Etc. This Security Agreement shall in all respects be a continuing, absolute, unconditional
and irrevocable grant of security interest, and shall remain in full force and effect until the Termination Date. All rights of the Secured
Parties and the security interests granted to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, hereunder, and all obligations
of the Grantors hereunder, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, in each case, be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable
irrespective of:

(a)any lack of validity, legality or enforceability of any Loan Document (other than this Security Agreement);

(b)the failure of any Secured Party (i) to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Loan Party or
any of its respective Subsidiaries or any other Person (including any other Grantor) under the provisions of any Loan Document or otherwise,
or (ii) to exercise any right or remedy against any other guarantor (including any other Grantor) of, or Collateral securing, any Obligations;

(c)any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any part of the Obligations, or any other
extension, compromise or renewal of any Obligations;

(d)any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination of any Obligations for any reason, including any claim of waiver, release,
surrender, alteration or compromise, and shall not be subject to (and each Grantor hereby waives, until payment of all Obligations, any
right to or claim of) any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality,
nongenuineness, irregularity, compromise, unenforceability of, or any other event or occurrence affecting, any Obligations or otherwise;

(e)any amendment to, rescission, waiver, or other modification of, or any consent to or departure from, any of the terms of any Loan
Document;

(f)any addition, exchange or release of any Collateral or of any Person that is (or will become) a Grantor (including the Grantors
hereunder), or any surrender or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any amendment to or waiver or release or addition to, or

8

consent
to or departure from, any other guaranty held by the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, securing any of the
Obligations; or

(g)any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a legal or equitable discharge of any Loan Party
or any of its respective Subsidiaries, any surety or any guarantor.

Section 2.6Postponement of Subrogation. Each Grantor agrees that it will not exercise any rights against another Grantor which it may
acquire by way of rights of subrogation under any Loan Document to which it is a party until following the Termination Date. No Grantor
shall seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from any Loan Party or any of its respective Subsidiaries, in respect
of any payment made under any Loan Document or otherwise, until following the Termination Date. Any amount paid to any Grantor on account
of any such subrogation rights prior to the Termination Date shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall immediately
be paid and turned over to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the exact form received by such Grantor
(duly endorsed in favor of the Administrative Agent, if required), to be credited and applied against the Obligations, whether matured
or unmatured, in accordance with Section 6.1(b); provided that if such Grantor has made payment to the Administrative Agent
of all or any part of the Obligations and the Termination Date has occurred, then at such Grantors written request, the Administrative
Agent will, at the expense of such Grantor, execute and deliver to such Grantor appropriate documents (without recourse and without representation
or warranty) necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Grantor of an interest in the Obligations resulting from such payment.
In furtherance of the foregoing, at all times prior to the Termination Date, such Grantor shall refrain from taking any action or commencing
any proceeding against any Loan Party or any of its respective Subsidiaries (or their successors or assigns, whether in connection with
a bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise) to recover any amounts in respect of payments made under this Security Agreement to the Administrative
Agent or any other Secured Party.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

In order to induce the Secured Parties to enter
into the Credit Agreement and make the Loans thereunder, the Grantors represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, as of the Closing Date and as of the Fifth Amendment
Effective Date, as set forth below.

Section 3.1As to Capital Securities of the Subsidiaries, Investment Property.

(a)With respect to any Subsidiary of any Grantor that is

(i)a corporation, business trust, joint stock company or similar Person, all Capital Securities issued by such Subsidiary (including
the Borrower) are duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and represented by a certificate or certificates;
and

9

(ii)a partnership or limited liability company, no Capital Securities issued by such Subsidiary (A) is dealt in or traded on securities
exchanges or in securities markets,(B) expressly provides that such Capital Securities is a security governed by Article 8 of the UCC
or (C) is held in a Securities Account, except, with respect to this clause (a)(ii), Capital Securities with respect to which
the issuer has agreed in an authenticated record with such Grantor and the Administrative Agent to comply with any instructions of the
Administrative Agent without the consent of such Grantor.

(b)Each Grantor has delivered all Certificated Securities constituting Collateral held by such Grantor in a Subsidiary (including
the Borrower) on the Closing Date and on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date
(or the date such Grantor becomes a party to this Security Agreement, as applicable) to the Administrative Agent, together with
duly executed undated blank stock powers, or other equivalent instruments of transfer acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

(c)With respect to Uncertificated Securities constituting Collateral owned by any Grantor in a Subsidiary (including the Borrower)
on the Closing Date and on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date (or
the date such Grantor becomes a party to this Security Agreement, as applicable), such Grantor has caused the issuer thereof either to
(i) register the Administrative Agent as the registered owner of such security or (ii) agree in an authenticated record with such Grantor
and the Administrative Agent that such issuer will comply with instructions with respect to such security originated by the Administrative
Agent without further consent of such Grantor.

(d)The percentage of the issued and outstanding Capital Securities of each Subsidiary (including the Borrower) pledged on the
Closing Date and on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date (or the date
such Grantor becomes a party to this Security Agreement, as applicable) by each Grantor hereunder is as set forth on Schedule I
to the Disclosure Letter. All shares of such Capital Securities have been duly and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.

(e)Each of the Intercompany Notes, if any, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor with respect thereto,
enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium
and other similar Laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered in
a proceeding in equity or at law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.

Section 3.2Grantor Name, Location, Etc. In each case as of the date hereofClosing
Date and as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date:

(a)(i) The jurisdiction in which each Grantor is located for purposes of Sections 9-301 and 9-307 of the UCC and (ii) the address
of each Grantors executive office and principal place of business is set forth in Item A of Schedule II to the Disclosure
Letter.

10

(b)The Grantors do not have any trade names other than those set forth in Item C of Schedule II to the Disclosure Letter.

(c)During the twelve months preceding the date hereof (or preceding the date such Grantor becomes a party to this Security Agreement,
as applicable), no Grantor has been known by any legal name different from the one set forth on the signature page hereto, nor has such
Grantor been the subject of any merger or other corporate reorganization, except as set forth in Item D of Schedule II to
the Disclosure Letter.

(d)Each Grantors federal taxpayer identification number (or foreign equivalent) is (and, during the twelve months preceding
the date hereof (or preceding the date such Grantor becomes a party to this Security Agreement, as applicable), such Grantor has not had
a federal taxpayer identification number (or equivalent) different from that) set forth in Item E of Schedule II to the
Disclosure Letter.

(e)No Grantor is a party to any federal, state or local government contract except as set forth in Item F of Schedule II
to the Disclosure Letter.

(f)No Grantor maintains any Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts or Commodity Accounts with any Person, in each case, except as set
forth on Item G of Schedule II to the Disclosure Letter.

(g)No Grantor is the beneficiary of any Letters of Credit, except as set forth on Item H of Schedule II to the Disclosure
Letter.

(h)No Grantor has Commercial Tort Claims, except as set forth on Item I of Schedule II to the Disclosure Letter.

(i)The name set forth on the signature page attached hereto (or the signature page of the supplement hereto by which such Grantor
has become a party to this Security Agreement, as applicable) is the true and correct legal name (as defined in the UCC) of each Grantor.

Section 3.3Ownership, No Liens, Etc. Each Grantor owns its Collateral free and clear of any Lien, except for (a) any security interest
created by this Security Agreement or (b) Permitted Liens. No effective UCC financing statement or other filing similar in effect covering
all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording office, except those filed in favor of the Administrative Agent relating
to this Security Agreement, Permitted Liens or as to which a duly authorized termination statement relating to such UCC financing statement
or other instrument has been delivered to the Administrative Agent on the Closing Date.

Section 3.4Possession of Inventory, Control, Etc.

(a)Each Grantor has, and agrees that it will maintain, exclusive possession of its Documents, Instruments, Promissory Notes, Goods,
Equipment and Inventory, other than (i) Equipment and Inventory that is in transit in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Equipment
and Inventory that in the ordinary course of business is in the possession or control of a warehouseman, bailee agent or other Person
(other than a Person controlled

11

by or
under common control with such Grantor), and if the fair market value of such Collateral at any such location exceeds $100,00050,000,
(A) such Person has been notified of the security interest created in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, pursuant to this Security Agreement and has authenticated a record acknowledging that it holds possession of such Collateral
for the benefit of the Secured Parties and waives any Lien held by it against such Collateral, (iii) Inventory that is in the possession
of a consignee in the ordinary course of business, (iv) laptop computers and similar movable items of personal property used by employees
of the Grantor, and (v) Instruments or Promissory Notes that have been delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 3.5.
In the case of Equipment or Inventory described in clause (ii) above, no lessor or warehouseman of any premises or warehouse upon or
in which such Equipment or Inventory is located has (w) issued any warehouse receipt or other receipt in the nature of a warehouse receipt
in respect of any such Equipment or Inventory, (x) issued any Document for any such Equipment or Inventory, or (y) any Lien on any such
Equipment or Inventory, other than Permitted Liens.

(b)Each Grantor is the sole entitlement holder of its Deposit Accounts and no other Person (other than the Administrative Agent pursuant
to this Security Agreement or any other Person with respect to Permitted Liens) has control or possession of, or any other interest in,
any of its Deposit Accounts (other than Excluded Accounts) or any other securities or property credited thereto.

Section 3.5Negotiable Documents, Instruments and Chattel Paper. Each Grantor has delivered to the Administrative Agent possession of
all originals of all Documents, Instruments, Promissory Notes, and tangible Chattel Paper (other than any Document, Instrument, Promissory
Note or tangible Chattel Paper not exceeding $50,000 in principal amount) owned or held by such Grantor on the Closing Date (or the date
such Grantor becomes a party to this Security Agreement, as applicable).

Section 3.6Intellectual Property Collateral. Except as disclosed on Schedules III through VI to the Disclosure Letter,
with respect to any Intellectual Property Collateral:

(a)any Intellectual Property Collateral owned by any Grantor that is material to Grantors business or
the MDT Documents is valid, subsisting, unexpired and enforceable and has not been abandoned or adjudged invalid or unenforceable,
in whole or in part;

(b)such Grantor is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire and unencumbered right, title and interest in and to all Intellectual
Property Collateral that is owned by such Grantor and to the knowledge of such Grantor, no claim has been made in writing that the use
of such Intellectual Property Collateral by such Grantor does or may, conflict with, infringe, misappropriate, dilute, misuse or otherwise
violate in any material respects, any of the rights of any third party;

(c)such Grantor has taken all reasonable actions to maintain and protect its interest in any Intellectual Property Collateral material
to its business owned by such Grantor or referenced in the MDT Documents,
including but not limited to filings and

12

recordation
to the extent such filing or recordation is necessary for the conduct of the business substantially in the manner presently conducted,
including recordation of all of its interests in the Patent Collateral and Trademark Collateral material to its business in the United
States Patent and Trademark Office (or foreign equivalent), and its claims to the Copyright Collateral in the United States Copyright
Office (or foreign equivalent), and, to the extent necessary, has used proper statutory notice in connection with its use of any material
Patent, Trademark and Copyright in any of the Intellectual Property Collateral;

(d)such Grantor has taken all reasonable steps to safeguard its Trade Secrets and to its knowledge (i) none of the Trade Secrets of
such Grantor has been used, divulged, disclosed or appropriated for the benefit of any other Person other than such Grantor; (ii) no employee,
independent contractor or agent of such Grantor has misappropriated any Trade Secrets of such Grantor in the course of the performance
of his or her duties as an employee, independent contractor or agent of such Grantor; and (iii) no employee, independent contractor or
agent of such Grantor is in default or breach of any material term of any employment agreement, non-disclosure agreement, assignment of
inventions agreement or similar agreement or contract relating in any material way to the protection, ownership, development, use or transfer
of such Grantors Intellectual Property Collateral;

(e) to such Grantors knowledge, no third party is infringing upon,
misappropriating or otherwise violating any Intellectual Property owned or used by such Grantor;

(f)no settlement or consents, covenants not to sue, nonassertion assurances, or releases have been entered into by such Grantor or
to which such Grantor is bound that materially and adversely affects its rights to own or use any Intellectual Property;

(g)such Grantor has not made a previous assignment, sale, transfer or agreement constituting a present or future assignment, sale
or transfer of any Intellectual Property for purposes of granting a security interest or as collateral that has not been terminated or
released except as permitted under the Credit Agreement;

(h)such Grantor has executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent Intellectual Property Collateral security agreements for all
Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights owned by such Grantor, including all Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights described on Schedules III
through V to the Disclosure Letter (as such schedules may be amended or supplemented from time to time by notice by such Grantor to the
Administrative Agent);

(i)such Grantor uses commercially reasonable standards of quality in the manufacture, distribution and sale of all products sold and
in the provision of all services rendered under or in connection with all Trademarks and has taken all commercially reasonable action
necessary to ensure that all licensees of the Trademarks owned by such Grantor use such adequate standards of quality;

13

(j)the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement and this Security Agreement will not result in the termination
or material impairment of any of the Intellectual Property Collateral; and

(k)to such Grantors knowledge, such Grantor owns or is entitled to use by license, lease or other agreement, all Patents, Trademarks,
Trade Secrets, Copyrights, mask works, licenses, technology, know how, processes and rights with respect to any of the foregoing as necessary
to conduct the business and operations of such Grantor substantially in the manner presently conducted.

Section 3.7Validity, Etc.

(a)This Security Agreement creates a valid security interest in the Collateral securing the payment of the Obligations to the extent
such security interest may be created pursuant to Article 9 of the UCC.

(b)As of the Closing Date and as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date
(or the date such Grantor becomes a party to this Security Agreement, as applicable), each Grantor has filed or caused to be filed
all UCC-1 financing statements in the filing office for each Grantors jurisdiction of organization listed in Item A of Schedule
II to the Disclosure Letter (collectively, the Financing Statements) (or has authenticated and delivered to the
Administrative Agent (or its designee) the Financing Statements suitable for timely and proper filing in such offices) and has taken all
other actions requested by the Administrative Agent or required hereunder for the Administrative Agent to obtain control of the Collateral
as provided in Sections 9-104, 9-105, 9-106 and 9-107 of the UCC.

(c)Upon the filing of the Financing Statements with the appropriate agencies therefor the security interests created under this Security
Agreement shall constitute a perfected security interest in the Collateral described on such Financing Statements in favor of the Administrative
Agent to the extent that a security interest therein may be perfected by filing a financing statement pursuant to the relevant UCC, prior
to all other Liens, except for Permitted Liens (in which case such security interest shall be second in priority of right only to the
Permitted Liens until the obligations secured by such Permitted Liens have been satisfied).

Section 3.8Authorization, Approval, Etc. Except as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, no authorization, approval
or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other third party is required either

(a)for the grant by the Grantors of the security interest granted hereby or for the execution, delivery and performance of this Security
Agreement by the Grantors;

(b)for the perfection or maintenance of the security interests hereunder including the first priority nature of such security interest
(except with respect to the Financing Statements or, with respect to Intellectual Property Collateral, the recordation of any agreements
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office or, with respect to foreign Intellectual Property
Collateral, the

14

taking
of appropriate action under applicable foreign Law and, with respect to after-acquired Intellectual Property Collateral, any subsequent
filings in such applicable intellectual property offices) or the exercise by any Secured Party of its rights and remedies hereunder;
or

(c)for the exercise by the Administrative Agent of the voting or other rights provided for in this Security Agreement, except (i)
with respect to any securities issued by a Subsidiary of the Grantors, as may be required in connection with a disposition of such securities
by Laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally, the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to this Security Agreement
and (ii) any change of control or similar filings required by state licensing agencies.

Section 3.9Best Interests. It is in the best interests of each Grantor (other than the Borrower) to execute this Security Agreement
inasmuch as such Grantor will, as a result of being an Affiliate of the Borrower, derive substantial direct and indirect benefits from
the Loans made to the Borrower by the Lenders pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and each Grantor agrees that the Lenders are relying on
this representation in agreeing to make such Loans pursuant to the Credit Agreement to the Borrower.

ARTICLE
IV

COVENANTS

Each Grantor covenants and agrees that, until the
Termination Date, such Grantor will perform, comply with and be bound by the obligations set forth below.

Section 4.1As to Investment Property, Etc.

Section 4.1.1Capital Securities of Subsidiaries. No Grantor will allow any of its Subsidiaries:

(a)that is a corporation, business trust, joint stock company or similar Person, to issue Uncertificated Securities;

(b)that is a partnership or limited liability company, to (i) issue Capital Securities that are to be dealt in or traded on securities
exchanges or in securities markets, (ii) expressly provide in its Organic Documents that its Capital Securities are securities governed
by Article 8 of the UCC, or (iii) place such Subsidiarys Capital Securities in a Securities Account; and

(c)to issue Capital Securities in addition to or in substitution for the Capital Securities pledged hereunder, except to such Grantor
(and such Capital Securities are immediately pledged and delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of this Security
Agreement).

Section 4.1.2Investment Property (other than Certificated Securities).

15

(a) With
respect to any Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts, Commodity Accounts, Commodity Contracts or Security Entitlements constituting Investment
Property owned or held by any Grantor, such Grantor will cause (except for Excluded Accounts) the intermediary maintaining such Investment
Property to execute a Control Agreement relating to such Investment Property pursuant to which such intermediary agrees to comply with
the Administrative Agents instructions with respect to such Investment Property without further consent by such Grantor (it being
understood that the Administrative Agent shall only deliver notice to such intermediary that it must comply with the Administrative Agents
instructions after and during the continuation of an Event of Default).

(b) With
respect to any Uncertificated Securities constituting Investment Property owned or held by any Grantor, such Grantor will use commercially
reasonable efforts cause the issuer of such securities to either (i) register the Administrative Agent as the registered owner thereof
on the books and records of the issuer or (ii) execute a Control Agreement relating to such Investment Property pursuant to which the
issuer agrees to comply with the Administrative Agents instructions with respect to such Uncertificated Securities without further
consent by such Grantor.

Section 4.1.3Certificated Securities (Stock Powers). Each Grantor agrees that all Certificated Securities constituting Collateral, including
the Capital Securities delivered by such Grantor pursuant to this Security Agreement, will be accompanied by duly executed undated blank
stock powers, or other equivalent instruments of transfer reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

Section 4.1.4Continuous Pledge. Each Grantor will (subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement) (a) deliver to the Administrative Agent
as collateral security all Investment Property and all Payment Intangibles to the extent that such Investment Property or Payment Intangibles
are evidenced by a Document, Instrument, Promissory Note or Chattel Paper (other than any Document, Instrument, Promissory Note or Chattel
Paper not exceeding $50,000 in the principal amount), and (b) at all times keep pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto, on
a first-priority (subject to Permitted Liens), perfected basis, a security interest therein and in all interest and principal with respect
to such Payment Intangibles, and all Proceeds and rights from time to time received by or distributable to such Grantor in respect of
any of the foregoing Collateral. Each Grantor agrees that it will, promptly following receipt thereof, deliver to the Administrative Agent
possession of all originals of negotiable Documents, Instruments, Promissory Notes and Chattel Paper that it acquires following the Closing
Date (other than any Document, Instrument, Promissory Note or Chattel Paper not exceeding $50,000 in the principal amount).

Section 4.1.5Voting Rights, Dividends, Etc. Each Grantor agrees:

(a)upon receipt of notice of the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default from the Administrative Agent and upon any
request therefor by the Administrative Agent, so long as such(provided
that no such notice or request shall be required in respect of an Event of Default shall continuepursuant
to Section 9.1(h) of the Credit Agreement), to deliver (properly endorsed where required hereby or requested by

16

the Administrative
Agent) to the Administrative Agent all dividends and Distributions with respect to Investment Property, all interest, principal, other
cash payments on Payment Intangibles, and all Proceeds of the Collateral, in each case thereafter received by such Grantor, all of which
shall be held by the Administrative Agent as additional Collateral, except for payments made in accordance with Section 8.6 of the Credit
Agreement; and

(b)immediately upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default and so long as the Administrative Agent has
notified such Grantor of the Administrative Agents intention to exercise its voting power under this clause,(other than with respect to an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.1(h)
of the Credit Agreement, in which case no notice shall be required),

(i)that the Administrative Agent may exercise (to the exclusion of such Grantor) the voting power and all other incidental rights
of ownership with respect to any Investment Property constituting Collateral and such Grantor hereby grants the Administrative Agent an
irrevocable proxy, exercisable under such circumstances, to vote such Investment Property; and

(ii)to promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent such additional proxies and other documents as may be necessary to allow the Administrative
Agent to exercise such voting power.

All dividends, Distributions, interest, principal, cash payments, Payment
Intangibles and Proceeds that may at any time and from time to time be held by such Grantor, but which such Grantor is then obligated
to deliver to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 4.1.154.1.5,
shall, until delivery to the Administrative Agent, be held by such Grantor separate and apart from its other property in trust for the
Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent agrees that unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Administrative
Agent shall have given the notice referred to in clause (b) (other than with respect
to an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.1(h) of the Credit Agreement, in which case no notice shall be required), such
Grantor will have the exclusive voting power with respect to any Investment Property constituting Collateral and the Administrative Agent
will, upon the written request of such Grantor, promptly deliver such proxies and other documents, if any, as shall be reasonably requested
by such Grantor which are necessary to allow such Grantor to exercise that voting power; provided that no vote shall be cast, or
consent, waiver, or ratification given, or action taken by such Grantor that would impair any such Collateral or be inconsistent with
or violate any provision of any Loan Document.

Section 4.2Change of Name, Etc. No Grantor will change its name or place of incorporation or organization or federal taxpayer identification
number except as otherwise permitted by the Credit Agreement.

Section 4.3As to Accounts.

(a)Each Grantor shall have the right to collect all Accounts so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

17

(b)Upon (i) the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default and (ii) the delivery of notice by the Administrative Agent to each
Grantor,(other than with
respect to an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.1(h) of the Credit Agreement, in which case no notice shall be required),
all Proceeds of Collateral received by such Grantor shall be delivered in kind to the Administrative Agent for deposit in a Deposit Account
of such Grantor maintained with the Administrative Agent (together with any other Deposit Accounts or Securities Accounts pursuant to
which any portion of the Collateral is deposited with the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Accounts), and such
Grantor shall not commingle any such Proceeds, and shall hold separate and apart from all other property, all such Proceeds in express
trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent until delivery thereof is made to the Administrative Agent.

(c)Following the delivery of notice pursuant to clause (b)(ii) (other than with
respect to an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.1(h) of the Credit Agreement, in which case no notice shall be required),
the Administrative Agent shall have the right to apply any amount in the Collateral Accounts to the payment of any Obligations which are
then due and payable.

(d)With respect to each of the Collateral Accounts, it is hereby confirmed and agreed that (i) deposits in such Collateral Account
are subject to a security interest as contemplated hereby, (ii) such Collateral Account shall be under the control of the Administrative
Agent and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have the sole right of withdrawal over such Collateral Account.

Section 4.4As to Grantors Use of Collateral.

(a)Subject to Section 4.4(b), each Grantor (i) may in accordance with the Credit Agreement,
at its own expense, sell, lease or furnish under contracts of service any of the Inventory normally held by such Grantor for such purpose,
and use and consume, in the ordinary course of its business, any raw materials, work in process or materials normally held by such Grantor
for such purpose, (ii) will, at its own expense, endeavor to collect, as and when due, all amounts
due with respect to any of the Collateral, including the taking of such action with respect to such collection as the Administrative Agent
may reasonably request following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or, in the absence of such request,
as such Grantor may deem advisable, and (iii) may grant, in the ordinary course of business,
to any party obligated on any of the Collateral, any rebate, refund or allowance to which such party may be lawfully entitled, and may
accept, in connection therewith, the return of Goods, the sale or lease of which shall have given rise to such Collateral.

(b)At any time following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, whether before or after the maturity of
any of the Obligations, the Administrative Agent may (i) revoke any or all of the rights of each Grantor set forth in Section 4.4(a),
(ii) notify any parties obligated on any of the Collateral to make payment to the Administrative Agent of any amounts due or to become
due thereunder and (iii) enforce collection of any of the Collateral by suit or otherwise and surrender, release, or exchange all or any
part thereof, or compromise or extend or renew for any period

18

(whether
or not longer than the original period) any indebtedness thereunder or evidenced thereby.

(c)Upon the request of the Administrative Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Grantor
will, at its own expense, notify any parties obligated on any of the Collateral to make payment to the Administrative Agent of any amounts
due or to become due thereunder.

(d)At any time following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may endorse,
in the name of such Grantor, any item, howsoever received by the Administrative Agent, representing any payment on or other Proceeds of
any of the Collateral.

Section 4.5As to Intellectual Property Collateral. Each Grantor covenants and agrees to comply with the following provisions as such
provisions relate to any Intellectual Property Collateral material to the operations or business of such Grantor:

(a)such Grantor will not (i) do or fail to perform any act whereby any of the Patent Collateral may lapse or become abandoned or dedicated
to the public or unenforceable, (ii) permit any of its licensees to (A) fail to continue to use any of the Trademark Collateral in order
to maintain all of the Trademark Collateral in full force free from any claim of abandonment for non-use, (B) fail to maintain the quality
of products and services offered under all of the Trademark Collateral at a level substantially consistent with the quality of products
and services offered under such Trademark as of the date hereof, (C) adopt or use any other Trademark which is confusingly similar or
a colorable imitation of any of the Trademark Collateral, (D) use any of the Trademark Collateral registered with any federal, state or
foreign authority except for the uses for which registration or application for registration of such Trademark Collateral has been made
or substantially related thereto or (E) do or permit any act or knowingly omit to do any act whereby any of the Trademark Collateral may
become invalid or unenforceable, or (iii) do or permit any act or knowingly omit to do any act whereby any of the Copyright Collateral
or any of the Trade Secrets Collateral may lapse or become invalid or unenforceable or placed in the public domain except upon expiration
of the end of an unrenewable term of a registration thereof, unless, in the case of any of the foregoing requirements in clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii), such Grantor reasonably and in good faith determines that either (x) such Intellectual Property Collateral
is of negligible economic value to such Grantor or (y) the loss of such Intellectual Property Collateral would not be material to such
Grantor;

(b)such Grantor shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent if it knows, or has reason to know, that any application or registration
relating to any material item of the Intellectual Property Collateral may, in the Grantors reasonable commercial judgment, reasonably
be expected to become abandoned or dedicated to the public or placed in the public domain or invalid or unenforceable, or of any adverse
determination or development (including the institution of, or any such determination or development in, any proceeding in the United
States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office or any foreign counterpart thereof or any court) regarding such

19

Grantors
ownership of any of the Intellectual Property Collateral, its right to register the same or to keep and maintain and enforce the same;

(c)in no event will such Grantor or any of its agents, employees, designees or licensees file an application for the registration
of any Intellectual Property Collateral with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office or any
similar office or agency in any other country or any political subdivision thereof, unless such Grantor promptly informs the Administrative
Agent in writing and, upon request of the Administrative Agent (subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement), executes and delivers all
agreements, instruments and documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to evidence the Administrative Agents
security interest in such Intellectual Property Collateral;

(d)such Grantor will take all reasonable and necessary steps, including in any proceeding before the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, the United States Copyright Office or any similar office or agency in any other country or any political subdivision thereof (subject
to the terms of the Credit Agreement), to maintain and pursue any material application (and to obtain the relevant registration) filed
with respect to, and to maintain any registration of, material Intellectual Property Collateral, including the filing of applications
for renewal, affidavits of use, affidavits of incontestability and opposition, interference and cancellation proceedings and the payment
of fees and Taxes (except to the extent that dedication, abandonment or invalidation is permitted under the foregoing clauses (a) or (b)
or such Grantor reasonably and in good faith determines that the failure to take any such step would not have a material adverse effect
on the interests of the Administrative Agent in such Intellectual Property Collateral); and

(e)such Grantor will, on a quarterly basis, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (as applicable) a Patent Security Agreement,
Trademark Security Agreement and/or Copyright Security Agreement, as the case may be, in the forms of Exhibit A, Exhibit B
and Exhibit C hereto, respectively, following its obtaining an interest in any such Intellectual Property, and shall execute and
deliver to the Administrative Agent any other document reasonably required to evidence the Administrative Agents interest in any
part of such item of Intellectual Property Collateral unless such Grantor shall determine in good faith (with the consent of the Required
Lenders) that any Intellectual Property Collateral is of negligible economic value to such Grantor.

Section 4.6As to Letter-of-Credit Rights.

(a) Each
Grantor, by granting a security interest in its Letter-of-Credit Rights to the Administrative Agent, intends to (and hereby does) collaterally
assign to the Administrative Agent its rights (including its contingent rights ) to the Proceeds of all Letter-of-Credit Rights of which
it is or hereafter becomes a beneficiary or assignee.

(b) Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, such Grantor will, promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent,
(i) notify (and such Grantor hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to notify) the issuer and each

20

nominated
Person with respect to each of the Letters of Credit of such Grantor that the Proceeds thereof have been assigned to the Administrative
Agent hereunder and any payments due or to become due in respect thereof are to be made directly to the Administrative Agent and (ii)
arrange for the Administrative Agent to become the transferee beneficiary of each such Letter of Credit.

Section 4.7As to Commercial Tort Claims. Each Grantor covenants and agrees that, until the payment in full of the Obligations and termination
of all Commitments, with respect to any Commercial Tort Claim hereafter arising, it shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a supplement
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, together with all supplements to schedules thereto, identifying
such new Commercial Tort Claim.

Section 4.8Electronic Chattel Paper and Transferable Records. If any Grantor at any time holds or acquires an interest in any Electronic
Chattel Paper or any transferable record, as that term is defined in Section 201 of the U.S. Federal Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, or in Section 16 of the U.S. Uniform Electronic Transactions Act as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction,
with a value in excess of $50,000, such Grantor shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof and, at the request of the Administrative
Agent, shall take such action as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to vest in the Administrative Agent control under Section
9-105 of the UCC of such Electronic Chattel Paper or control under Section 201 of the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National
Commerce Act or, as the case may be, Section 16 of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as so in effect in such jurisdiction, of such
transferable record. The Administrative Agent agrees with such Grantor that the Administrative Agent will arrange, pursuant to procedures
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and so long as such procedures will not result in the Administrative Agents loss of control,
for the Grantor to make alterations to the Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable record permitted under Section 9-105 of the UCC or,
as the case may be, Section 201 of the U.S. Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act or Section 16 of the U.S.
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act for a party in control to allow without loss of control, unless an Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing or would occur after taking into account any action by such Grantor with respect to such Electronic Chattel Paper or transferable
record.

Section 4.9Landlord Access Agreements. Each Grantor shall furnish to the Administrative Agent landlord access agreements, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Origination Agent, from each landlord to such Grantor for (i) each real property
lease entered into by such Grantor after the date hereof for the location that is the headquarters of such Grantor and (ii) each real
property lease entered into by such Grantor after the date hereof where the fair market value of the Collateral at such location exceeds
$100,00050,000.

Section 4.10Further Assurances, Etc. Each Grantor agrees that, from time to time at its own expense, it will, subject to the terms of
this Security Agreement, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action, that may be
necessary or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, in order to perfect, preserve and protect any security interest granted
or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Administrative

21

Agent to
exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
such Grantor will

(a)from time to time upon the request of the Administrative Agent, promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent such stock powers,
instruments and similar documents, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent, with respect to such Collateral
as the Administrative Agent may request and will, from time to time upon the request of the Administrative Agent, after the occurrence
and during the continuation of any Event of Default, promptly transfer any securities constituting Collateral into the name of any nominee
designated by the Administrative Agent; if any Collateral shall be evidenced by an Instrument, negotiable Document, Promissory Note or
tangible Chattel Paper, deliver and pledge to the Administrative Agent hereunder such Instrument, negotiable Document, Promissory Note
or tangible Chattel Paper (other than any Instrument, negotiable Document, Promissory Note or tangible Chattel Paper in principal amount
less than $50,000) duly endorsed and accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment, all in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

(b)file (and such Grantor hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to file) such Financing Statements or continuation statements,
or amendments thereto, and such other instruments or notices (including any assignment of claim form under or pursuant to the federal
assignment of claims statute, 31 U.S.C. 3727, any successor or amended version thereof or any regulation promulgated under or pursuant
to any version thereof), as may be necessary or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to perfect and preserve
the security interests and other rights granted or purported to be granted to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, hereby;

(c)at all times keep pledged to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant hereto, on a first-priority
(subject to Permitted Liens), perfected basis, all Investment Property constituting Collateral, all dividends and Distributions with respect
thereto, and all interest and principal with respect to Promissory Notes constituting Collateral, and all Proceeds and rights from time
to time received by or distributable to such Grantor in respect of any of the foregoing Collateral;

(d)not take or omit to take any action the taking or the omission of which would result in any impairment or alteration of any obligation
of the maker of any Payment Intangible or other Instrument constituting Collateral, except as provided in Section 4.4 or under
the Loan Documents;

(e)not create any tangible Chattel Paper without placing a legend on such tangible Chattel Paper reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent indicating that the Administrative Agent has a security interest in such Chattel Paper (provided that so long as no Event of Default
is continuing, Chattel Paper and records relating to such Collateral for amounts in each case less than $50,000, need only be marked upon
the Administrative Agents request);

22

(f)furnish to the Administrative Agent, from time to time at the Administrative Agents reasonable request, statements and schedules
further identifying and describing the Collateral and such other reports in connection with the Collateral as the Administrative Agent
may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail; and

(g)do all things reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Security Agreement in order to enable the
Administrative Agent to have and maintain control over the Collateral consisting of Investment Property, Deposit Accounts, Letter-of-Credit-Rights
and Electronic Chattel Paper.

With respect to the foregoing and the grant of
the security interest hereunder, each Grantor hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to file one or more financing or continuation
statements, and amendments thereto, relative to all or any part of the Collateral. Each Grantor agrees that a carbon, photographic or
other reproduction of this Security Agreement or any UCC financing statement covering the Collateral or any part thereof shall be sufficient
as a UCC financing statement where permitted by Law. Each Grantor hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to file financing statements
describing as the collateral covered thereby all of the debtors personal property or assets or words to that effect,
notwithstanding that such wording may be broader in scope than the Collateral described in this Security Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
else herein, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for the preparation, filing or maintenance of any UCC or other applicable financing
statements or instruments, all of which shall be duties of the Grantors.

Section 4.11Reinstatement. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and continue
to be effective should any petition be filed by or against any Grantor for liquidation or reorganization, should any Grantor become insolvent
or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of any
of Grantors assets, and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance
of the Obligations, or any part thereof, is, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored
or returned by any obligee of the Obligations, whether as a voidable preference, fraudulent conveyance, or
otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded,
reduced, restored or returned, the Obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced,
restored or returned.

ARTICLE
V

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

Section 5.1Administrative Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. Each Grantor hereby designates and appoints the Administrative Agent, on
behalf of the Secured Parties, and each of its designees or agents, as attorney-in-fact of such Grantor, irrevocably and with power of
substitution, with authority to take any or all of the following actions (and the Administrative Agent agrees to take any such specified
actions, upon the request of the Required Lenders) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default:

23

(a)to demand, collect, settle, compromise and adjust, and give discharges and releases concerning the Collateral, all as the Administrative
Agent may deem reasonably appropriate;

(b)to commence and prosecute any actions at any court for the purposes of collecting any of the Collateral and enforcing any other
right in respect thereof;

(c)to defend, settle or compromise any action brought in respect of the Collateral and, in connection therewith, give such discharge
or release as the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably appropriate;

(d)to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral;

(e)to direct any parties liable for any payment in connection with any of the Collateral to make payment of any and all monies due
and to become due thereunder directly to the Administrative Agent or as the Administrative Agent shall direct;

(f)to receive payment of and receipt for any and all monies, claims, and other amounts due and to become due at any time in respect
of or arising out of any Collateral;

(g)to sign and endorse any drafts, assignments, proxies, stock powers, verifications, notices and other documents relating to the
Collateral;

(h)to execute and deliver all assignments, conveyances, statements, financing statements, renewal financing statements, security and
pledge agreements, affidavits, notices and other agreements, instruments and documents that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably
appropriate in order to perfect and maintain the security interests and liens granted in this Agreement and in order to fully consummate
all of the transactions contemplated therein;

(i)to exchange any of the Collateral or other property upon any merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or other readjustment
of the issuer thereof and, in connection therewith, deposit any of the Collateral with any committee, depository, transfer agent, registrar
or other designated agency upon such terms as the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably appropriate;

(j)to vote for a shareholder or member resolution, or to sign an instrument in writing, sanctioning the transfer of any or all of
the Collateral into the name of the Administrative Agent or one or more of the Secured Parties or into the name of any transferee to whom
the Collateral or any part thereof may be sold pursuant to Article VI hereof; and

(k)to do and perform all such other acts and things as the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection
with the Collateral.

This power of attorney is a power coupled with an interest and shall
be irrevocable for so long as any of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has

24

been asserted) shall remain outstanding and until all of the commitments
relating thereto shall have been terminated. The Administrative Agent shall be under no duty to exercise or withhold the exercise
of any of the rights, powers, privileges and options expressly or implicitly granted to the Administrative Agent in this Agreement (except
as specifically instructed by the Required Lenders), and shall not be liable for any failure to do so or any delay in doing so. 
The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any act or omission or for any error of judgment or any mistake of fact or law in its
individual capacity or its capacity as attorney-in-fact except acts or omissions resulting from its gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
This power of attorney is conferred on the Administrative Agent solely to protect, preserve and realize upon its security interest in
the Collateral.

Section 5.2Assignment by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may from time to time assign the Collateral and any portion
thereof to a successor agent in accordance with the Credit Agreement, and the assignee shall be entitled to all of the rights and remedies
of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement in relation thereto.

Section 5.3The Administrative Agents Duty of Care. Other than the exercise of reasonable care to assure the safe custody of
the Collateral while being held by the Administrative Agent hereunder and to account for all proceeds thereof, the Administrative Agent
shall have no duty or liability to preserve rights pertaining thereto, it being understood and agreed that the Grantors shall be responsible
for preservation of all rights in the Collateral, and the Administrative Agent shall be relieved of all responsibility for the Collateral
upon surrendering it or tendering the surrender of it to the Grantors. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have exercised
reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral in its possession if such Collateral is accorded treatment substantially
equal to that which the Administrative Agent accords its own property, which shall be no less than the treatment employed by a reasonable
and prudent agent in the industry, it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not have responsibility for (i) ascertaining
or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relating to any Collateral, whether
or not the Administrative Agent has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters, or (ii) taking any necessary steps to preserve rights
against any parties with respect to any of the Collateral. The provisions of Article XI of the Credit Agreement, including the rights,
privileges, protections, benefits, indemnities and immunities of the Administrative Agent are incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis,
as if a part hereof, and shall also apply to the Administrative Agent acting under or in connection with this Agreement.

Section 5.4Release of Collateral. The Administrative Agent, upon the direction of the Required Lenders, may release any of the Collateral
from this Security Agreement or may substitute any of the Collateral for other Collateral without altering, varying or diminishing in
any way the force, effect, lien, pledge or security interest of this Agreement as to any Collateral not expressly released or substituted,
and this Agreement shall continue as a first priority lien on all Collateral not expressly released or substituted.

Section 5.5Application of Proceeds. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, any payments in respect
of the Secured Obligations and any proceeds of the Collateral, when received by the Administrative Agent or any of the Secured Parties
in cash or its equivalent, will be applied in reduction of the Obligations in the order set

25

forth in Section 9.04 of the Credit Agreement, and each Grantor irrevocably
waives the right to direct the application of such payments and proceeds and acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent shall
have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reapply any and all such payments and proceeds in the Administrative Agents
sole discretion, notwithstanding any entry to the contrary upon any of its books and records.

ARTICLE
VI

REMEDIES

Section 6.1Certain Remedies. If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:

(a)The Administrative Agent may (and shall, as directed by the Required Lenders) exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition
to other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent
on default under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Collateral) and also may (and shall, as directed by the Required
Lenders):

(i)take possession of any Collateral not already in its possession without demand and without legal process;

(ii)require each Grantor to, and each Grantor hereby agrees that it will, at its expense and upon request of the Administrative Agent
forthwith, assemble all or part of the Collateral as directed by the Administrative Agent and make it available to the Administrative
Agent at a place to be designated by the Administrative Agent that is reasonably convenient to both parties,

(iii)enter onto the property where any Collateral is located and take possession thereof without demand and without legal process; and

(iv)without notice except as specified below, lease, license, sell or otherwise dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof in one
or more parcels at any public or private sale, at any of the Administrative Agents offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or
for future delivery, and upon such other terms as the Administrative Agent may deem commercially reasonable. Each Grantor agrees that,
to the extent notice of sale shall be required by Law, at least ten (10) days prior notice to such Grantor of the time and place
of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. The Administrative
Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Administrative Agent may
adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without
further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned.

(b)All cash Proceeds received by the Administrative Agent in respect of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, all
or any part of the Collateral shall be

26

applied
by the Administrative Agent against all or any part of the Obligations as set forth in Section 4.4(b) of the Credit Agreement.

(c)The Administrative Agent may (and shall, as directed by the Required Lenders):

(i)transfer all or any part of the Collateral into the name of the Administrative Agent or its nominee, with or without disclosing
that such Collateral is subject to the Lien hereunder;

(ii)notify the parties obligated on any of the Collateral to make payment to the Administrative Agent of any amount due or to become
due thereunder;

(iii)withdraw, or cause or direct the withdrawal, of all funds with respect to any Collateral Account;

(iv)enforce collection of any of the Collateral by suit or otherwise, and surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof, or
compromise or extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) any obligations of any nature of any party
with respect thereto;

(v)endorse any checks, drafts, or other writings in any Grantors name to allow collection of the Collateral;

(vi)take control of any Proceeds of the Collateral; and

(vii)execute (in the name, place and stead of any Grantor) endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other instruments of conveyance
or transfer with respect to all or any of the Collateral.

Section 6.2Securities Laws. If the Administrative Agent shall determine to exercise its right pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(iv)
to sell all or any of the Collateral that are Capital Securities, each Grantor agrees that, upon request of the Administrative Agent,
such Grantor will, at its own expense:

(a)execute and deliver, and cause (or, with respect to any issuer which is not a Subsidiary of such Grantor, use its best efforts
to cause) each issuer of the Collateral contemplated to be sold and the directors and officers thereof to execute and deliver, all such
instruments and documents, and do or cause to be done all such other acts and things, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative
Agent, the Origination Agent or the Required Lenders, advisable to register such Collateral under the provisions of the Securities Act
of 1933, as from time to time amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder (the Securities Act),
and cause the registration statement relating thereto to become effective and to remain effective for such period as prospectuses are
required by Law to be furnished, and to make all amendments and supplements thereto and to the related prospectus which, in the opinion
of the Administrative Agent, the Origination Agent or the Required Lenders, are necessary or

27

advisable,
all in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable thereto;

(b)use its best efforts to exempt the Collateral under the state securities or Blue Sky laws and to obtain all necessary
approvals of the applicable Governmental Authorities for the sale of the Collateral, as requested by the Administrative Agent;

(c)cause (or, with respect to any issuer that is not a Subsidiary of such Grantor, use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause)
each such issuer to make available to its security holders, as soon as practicable, an earnings statement that will satisfy the provisions
of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act; and

(d)do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as may be necessary to make such sale of the Collateral or any part thereof
valid and binding and in compliance with applicable Law.

Section 6.3Compliance with Restrictions. Each Grantor agrees that in any sale of any of the Collateral whenever an Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to comply with any limitation or restriction in connection
with such sale as it may be advised by counsel is necessary in order to avoid any violation of applicable Law (including compliance with
such procedures as may restrict the number of prospective bidders and purchasers, require that such prospective bidders and purchasers
have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders and purchasers to Persons who will represent and agree that they are
purchasing for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale of such Collateral), or in order to
obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any Governmental Authority or official, and such Grantor further agrees
that such compliance shall not result in such sale being considered or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner,
nor shall the Administrative Agent be liable nor accountable to such Grantor for any discount allowed by the reason of the fact that such
Collateral is sold in compliance with any such limitation or restriction.

Section 6.4Protection of Collateral. The Administrative Agent may from time to time, at its option, perform any act which any Grantor
fails to perform after being requested in writing so to perform and is required to do so under this Agreement (it being understood that
no such request need be made after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default) and the Administrative Agent may
from time to time take any other action which the Administrative Agent, the Origination Agent or the Required Lenders deems necessary
for the maintenance, preservation or protection of any of the Collateral or of its security interest therein.

Section 6.5License of Intellectual Property. Without limiting any other rights and remedies
of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties under this Agreement, each Grantor hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for
the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, effective upon the occurrence and only during the continuance of any
Event of Default, the non-exclusive right and license to use all Intellectual Property Collateral, all to the extent necessary to enable
the Administrative Agent to exercise its rights and remedies under this Agreement, and with respect to Trademark Collateral, subject to
the use by the 

28

Administrative
Agent or the Secured Parties of commercially reasonable standards of quality in the manufacture, distribution and sale of all products
sold and in the provision of all services rendered under or in connection with all Trademarks. This right and license shall inure to the
benefit of all successors, assigns and transferees of the Administrative Agent and its successors, assigns and transferees, whether by
voluntary conveyance, operation of law, assignment, transfer, foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise. Such right and license
is granted free of charge and does not require the consent of any other Person.

ARTICLE
VII

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 7.1Loan Document. This Security Agreement is a Loan Document executed pursuant to the Credit Agreement and shall (unless otherwise
expressly indicated herein) be construed, administered and applied in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof, including Article
X thereof.

Section 7.2Binding on Successors, Transferees and Assigns; Assignment. This Security Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
until the Termination Date has occurred, shall be binding upon the Grantors and their successors, transferees and assigns and shall inure
to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties; provided that no Grantor may assign or
transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior consent of the Required Lenders.

Section 7.3Amendments, Etc. No amendment or modification to or waiver of any provision of this Security Agreement, nor consent to any
departure by any Grantor from its obligations under this Security Agreement, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be
in writing and signed by the Lender and the Grantors and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance
and for the specific purpose for which given.

Section 7.4Notices. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be delivered or made as provided in Section 10.2
of the Credit Agreement.

Section 7.5Release of Liens. Upon (a) the Disposition of Collateral to a Person that is not a Grantor or a Subsidiary of a Grantor
in accordance with the Credit Agreement or (b) the occurrence of the Termination Date, the security interests granted herein shall automatically
terminate with respect to (i) such Collateral (in the case of clause (a)) or (ii) all Collateral (in the case of clause (b)).
Upon any such Disposition or termination, the Administrative Agent will, at the Grantors sole expense, deliver to the Grantors,
without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all Collateral held by the Administrative Agent hereunder,
and execute and deliver to the Grantors such documents as the Grantors shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

Section 7.6Additional Grantors. Upon the execution and delivery by any other Person of a supplement in the form of Annex I hereto,
such Person shall become a Grantor hereunder with the same force and effect as if it were originally a party to this Security
Agreement and named as a Grantor hereunder. The execution and delivery of such supplement shall not require the consent
of any other Grantor hereunder, and the rights and

29

obligations of each Grantor hereunder shall remain in full force and
effect notwithstanding the addition of any new Grantor as a party to this Security Agreement.

Section 7.7No Waiver, Remedies. In addition to, and not in limitation of Section 2.5, no failure on the part of the Administrative
Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein
provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

Section 7.8Severability. Any provision of this Security Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as
to such provision and such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating
the remaining provisions of this Security Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 7.9Governing Law, Entire Agreement, Etc. THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER
IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS
5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK) WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS
OR RULES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. This Security Agreement, along with the other Loan
Documents, constitutes the entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersedes any
prior agreements, written or oral, with respect thereto

Section 7.10Counterparts. This Security Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall
be an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same agreement. This Security Agreement shall become effective
when counterparts hereof executed on behalf of all of the signatories hereto, shall have been received by the Administrative Agent. Delivery
of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Security Agreement by email (in pdf, tiff or similar
format) or telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Security Agreement.

Section 7.11Rights of Required Lenders. If the Administrative Agent has a right to take or omit to take any action hereunder, it shall
exercise such right if so instructed by the Required Lenders. With respect to any discretion, consent, approval or similar such action
to be made, taken, omitted to be taken or determined by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement (each an Agent Determination),
such Agent Determination shall be made by Administrative Agent at the direction of the Requisite Lenders. If the Administrative Agent
has resigned and no successor agent has been appointed pursuant to Section 10.10 of the Credit Agreement, all rights of the Administrative
Agent hereunder may be exercised by the Required Lenders.

30

Section 7.12Forum Selection and Consent to Jurisdiction. ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH,
THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF THE SECURED PARTIES
OR ANY GRANTOR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED IN THE COURTS OF THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK
IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK; PROVIDED THAT ANY SUIT
SEEKING ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE BROUGHT, AT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS OR THE LENDERS
OPTION, IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND. THE SECURED PARTIES AND EACH GRANTOR IRREVOCABLY
CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS BY REGISTERED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, OR BY PERSONAL SERVICE WITHIN OR WITHOUT THE STATE OF NEW YORK
AT THE ADDRESS FOR NOTICES SPECIFIED IN SECTION 10.2 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT. THE SECURED PARTIES AND EACH GRANTOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY HAVE OR HEREAFTER MAY HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE
OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT
FORUM. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE SECURED PARTIES OR ANY GRANTOR HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT
OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE)
WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, THE SECURED PARTIES, AND SUCH GRANTOR, EACH ON ITS OWN BEHALF, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT.

Section 7.13Waiver of Jury Trial

. THE SECURED PARTIES AND EACH GRANTOR HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY
AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION
BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS
(WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY SECURED PARTY OR ANY GRANTOR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH. EACH GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES
THAT IT HAS RECEIVED FULL AND SUFFICIENT CONSIDERATION FOR THIS PROVISION (AND EACH OTHER PROVISION OF EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TO WHICH
IT IS A PARTY) AND THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE SECURED PARTIES TO ENTER INTO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS.

[Signature Page Follows]

31

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto
has caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by its Authorized Officer as of the date first above written.

ACUTUS MEDICAL, INC.

By: _________________________________

Name:

Title:

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Administrative Agent

By: ____________________________________

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Security Agreement

EXHIBIT A

to Security Agreement

PATENT SECURITY AGREEMENT

This PATENT SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of ________
__, 20__ (this Agreement), is made by [NAME OF GRANTOR], a ________ _______ (the Grantor), in
favor of WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent)
for the Secured Parties.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, pursuant to thethat
certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019 (June
30, 2022 (as amended by the Fifth Amendment, and as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Credit Agreement), by and between the Borrower, the Lenders (as defined therein), OrbiMed
Royalty Opportunities II, LP, as Origination Agent, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders have extended Commitments
to make Loans to the Borrower;

WHEREAS, in connection with the Credit Agreement,
the Grantor and its Affiliates have executed and delivered a Pledge and Security Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, dated as of May 20, 2019 (as amended by the
Fifth Amendment and as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Security Agreement);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement and pursuant
to clause (e) of Section 4.5 of the Security Agreement, the Grantor is required to execute and deliver this Agreement and to grant to
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a continuing security interest in all of the Patent Collateral (as defined
below) to secure all of the Obligations; and

WHEREAS, the Grantor has duly authorized the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Grantor agrees, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, as follows:

Section 1Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Agreement, including
its preamble and recitals, have the meanings provided (or incorporated by reference) in the Security Agreement.

Section 2Grant of Security Interest. The Grantor hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
a continuing security interest in all

of the Grantors right, title and interest in and to the following
property, whether now or hereafter existing or acquired by the Grantor (the Patent Collateral):

(a) all
of its letters patent and applications for letters patent throughout the world, including each patent and patent application referred
to in Item A of Schedule I attached hereto;

(b) all
reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, extensions, renewals and reexaminations of any of the items described in clause
(a);

(c) all
patent licenses and other agreements providing the Grantor with the right to use any items of the type referred to in clauses (a) and
(b) above, including each exclusive patent license referred to in Item B of Schedule I attached hereto; and

(d) all
Proceeds of, and rights associated with, the foregoing (including licenses, royalties income, payments, claims, damages and Proceeds of
infringement suits) and the right to sue third parties for past, present or future infringements of any patent or patent application and
for breach or enforcement of any patent license.

Section 3Security Agreement. This Agreement has been executed and delivered by the Grantor for the purpose of registering the security
interest of the Administrative Agent in the Patent Collateral with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The security interest
granted hereby has been granted in furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the security interest granted to the Administrative Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties under the Security Agreement. The Security Agreement (and all rights and remedies of the Secured
Parties thereunder) shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

Section 4Release of Liens. Upon (a) the Disposition of Patent Collateral in accordance with the Credit Agreement or (b) the occurrence
of the Termination Date, the security interests granted herein shall automatically terminate with respect to (i) such Patent Collateral
(in the case of clause (a)) or (ii) all Patent Collateral (in the case of clause (b)). Upon any such Disposition or termination,
the Administrative Agent will, at the Grantors sole expense, deliver to the Grantor, without any representations, warranties or
recourse of any kind whatsoever, all Patent Collateral held by the Administrative Agent hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Grantor
such documents as the Grantor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

Section 5Acknowledgment. The Grantor does hereby further acknowledge and affirm that the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties
with respect to the security interest in the Patent Collateral granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the
terms and provisions of which (including the remedies provided for therein) are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth
herein.

Section 6Loan Document. This Agreement is a Loan Document executed pursuant to the Credit Agreement and shall (unless otherwise expressly
indicated herein) be construed, administered and applied in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof, including Article X
thereof.

2

Section 7Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective when a counterpart hereof executed by the Grantor, shall have been
received by the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by email (in pdf,
tiff or similar format) or telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor hereto has caused
this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by its Authorized Officer as of the date first above written.

[NAME OF GRANTOR]

By: _________________________________

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Patent Security Agreement

SCHEDULE I

to Patent Security Agreement

Item A. Patents

Issued Patents

Country Patent No. Issue Date Inventor(s) Title

Pending Patent Applications

Country Serial No. Filing Date Inventor(s) Title

Patent Applications in Preparation

Expected 

Country Docket No. Filing Date Inventor(s) Title

Item B. Exclusive Patent Licenses

Country or Effective Expiration Subject

Territory Licensor Licensee Date Date Matter

EXHIBIT B

to Security Agreement

TRADEMARK SECURITY
AGREEMENT

This TRADEMARK SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of
________ __, 20__ (this Agreement), is made by [NAME OF GRANTOR], a ________ _______ (the Grantor),
in favor of WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent)
for the Secured Parties.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, pursuant to thethat
certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019 (June
30, 2022 (as amended by the Fifth Amendment, and as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Credit Agreement), by and between the Borrower, the Lenders (as defined therein), OrbiMed
Royalty Opportunities II, LP, as Origination Agent, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders have extended Commitments
to make Loans to the Borrower;

WHEREAS, in connection with the Credit Agreement,
the Grantor and its Affiliates have executed and delivered a Pledge and Security Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent, for
the benefit of the Secured Parties,
dated as of May 20, 2019 (as amended by the Fifth Amendment and as
amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Security
Agreement);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement and pursuant
to clause (e) of Section 4.5 of the Security Agreement, the Grantor is required to execute and deliver this Agreement and to grant to
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a continuing security interest in all of the Trademark Collateral (as
defined below) to secure all of the Obligations; and

WHEREAS, the Grantor has duly authorized the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Grantor agrees, for the benefit of each Lender, as follows:

Section 1Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Agreement, including
its preamble and recitals, have the meanings provided (or incorporated by reference) in the Security Agreement.

Section 2Grant of Security Interest. The Grantor hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
a continuing security interest in all of Grantors right, title and interest in and to the following property, whether now or hereafter
existing or acquired by the Grantor (the Trademark Collateral):

(a) (i)
all of its trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, service marks,
certification

marks,
collective marks, logos and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill of the business associated therewith, including those
referred to in Item A of Schedule I hereto, whether currently in use or not, all registrations and recordings thereof and
all applications in connection therewith, whether pending or filed, including registrations, recordings and applications in the United
States Patent and Trademark Office or in any office or agency of the United States of America or any state thereof, and all common-law
rights relating to the foregoing, and (ii) the right to obtain all reissues, extensions or renewals of the foregoing (collectively referred
to as the Trademarks);

(b) all
Trademark licenses for the grant by or to the Grantor of any right to use any Trademark, including each exclusive Trademark license referred
to in Item B of Schedule I hereto;

(c) all
of the goodwill of the business connected with the use of, and symbolized by the items described in, clause (a), and to the extent applicable
clause (b);

(d) the
right to sue third parties for past, present and future infringements of any Trademark Collateral described in clause (a) and, to the
extent applicable, clause (b); and

(e) all
Proceeds of, and rights associated with, the foregoing, including any claim by the Grantor against third parties for past, present or
future infringement or dilution of any Trademark, Trademark registration or Trademark license, or for any injury to the goodwill associated
with the use of any such Trademark or for breach or enforcement of any Trademark license and all rights corresponding thereto throughout
the world.

Section 3Security Agreement. This Agreement has been executed and delivered by the Grantor for the purpose of registering the security
interest of the Administrative Agent in the Trademark Collateral with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The security interest
granted hereby has been granted in furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the security interest granted to the Administrative Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties under the Security Agreement. The Security Agreement (and all rights and remedies of the Secured
Parties thereunder) shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

Section 4Release of Liens. Upon (a) the Disposition of Trademark Collateral in accordance with the Credit Agreement or (b) the occurrence
of the Termination Date, the security interests granted herein shall automatically terminate with respect to (i) such Trademark Collateral
(in the case of clause (a)) or (ii) all Trademark Collateral (in the case of clause (b)). Upon any such Disposition or termination,
the Administrative Agent will, at the Grantors sole expense, deliver to the Grantor, without any representations, warranties or
recourse of any kind whatsoever, all Trademark Collateral held by the Administrative Agent hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Grantor
such documents as the Grantor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

Section 5Acknowledgment. The Grantor does hereby further acknowledge and affirm that the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties
with respect to the security interest in the Trademark Collateral granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the

2

terms and provisions of which (including the remedies provided for
therein) are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.

Section 6Loan Document. This Agreement is a Loan Document executed pursuant to the Credit Agreement and shall (unless otherwise expressly
indicated herein) be construed, administered and applied in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof, including Article X thereof.

Section 7Effective. This Agreement shall become effective when a counterpart hereof executed by the Grantor, shall have been received
by the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by email (in pdf,
tiff or similar format) or telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor hereto has caused
this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by Authorized Officer as of the date first above written.

[NAME OF GRANTOR]

By: _________________________________

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Trademark Security Agreement

SCHEDULE I

to Trademark Security Agreement

Item A. Trademarks

Registered Trademarks

Country Trademark Registration No. Registration Date

Pending Trademark Applications

Country Trademark Serial No. Filing Date

Trademark Applications in Preparation

Expected Products/

Country Trademark Docket No. Filing Date Services 

Item B. Exclusive Trademark Licenses

Country or Effective Expiration

Territory Trademark Licensor Licensee Date Date 

EXHIBIT C

to Security Agreement

COPYRIGHT SECURITY
AGREEMENT

This COPYRIGHT SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of
________ __, 20__ (this Agreement), is made by [NAME OF GRANTOR], a ________ _______ (the Grantor),
in favor of WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent)
for the Secured Parties.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, pursuant to thethat
certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019 (June
30, 2022 (as amended by the Fifth Amendment, and as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Credit Agreement), by and between the Borrower, the Lenders (as defined therein), OrbiMed
Royalty Opportunities II, LP, as Origination Agent, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders have extended Commitments
to make Loans to the Borrower;

WHEREAS, in connection with the Credit Agreement,
the Grantor and its Affiliates have executed and delivered a Pledge and Security Agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent, for
the benefit of the Secured Parties, dated as of May 20, 2019 (as amended by
the Fifth Amendment and as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from
time to time, the Security Agreement);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement and pursuant
to clause (e) of Section 4.5 of the Security Agreement, the Grantor is required to execute and deliver this Agreement and to grant to
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a continuing security interest in all of the Copyright Collateral (as
defined below) to secure all of the Obligations; and

WHEREAS, the Grantor has duly authorized the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Grantor agrees, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, as follows:

Section 1Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Agreement, including
its preamble and recitals, have the meanings provided (or incorporated by reference) in the Security Agreement.

Section 2Grant of Security Interest. The Grantor hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
a continuing security interest in all of the Grantors right, title and interest in and to the following (the Copyright
Collateral), whether now or hereafter existing or acquired by the Grantor: all copyrights of the Grantor, whether statutory
or common law, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished, now or hereafter in force throughout the world
including all of the Grantors right,

title and interest in and to all copyrights registered in the United
States Copyright Office or anywhere else in the world including the copyrights referred to in Item A of Schedule I hereto,
and registrations and recordings thereof and all applications for registration thereof, whether pending or in preparation, all copyright
licenses, including each exclusive copyright license referred to in Item B of Schedule I hereto, the right to sue for past,
present and future Infringements of any of the foregoing, all common law,
moral rights and other rights corresponding thereto, all extensions and renewals of any thereof and all Proceeds of the foregoing,
including licenses, royalties, income, payments, claims, damages and Proceeds of suit.

Section 3Security Agreement. This Agreement has been executed and delivered by the Grantor for the purpose of registering the security
interest of the Administrative Agent in the Copyright Collateral with the United States Copyright Office. The security interest granted
hereby has been granted in furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the security interest granted to the Administrative Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties under the Security Agreement. The Security Agreement (and all rights and remedies of the Secured Parties
thereunder) shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

Section 4Release of Liens. Upon (a) the Disposition of Copyright Collateral in accordance with the Credit Agreement or (b) the occurrence
of the Termination Date, the security interests granted herein shall automatically terminate with respect to (i) such Copyright Collateral
(in the case of clause (a)) or (ii) all Copyright Collateral (in the case of clause (b)). Upon any such Disposition or termination,
the Administrative Agent will, at the Grantors sole expense, deliver to the Grantor, without any representations, warranties or
recourse of any kind whatsoever, all Copyright Collateral held by the Administrative Agent hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Grantor
such documents as the Grantor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

Section 5Acknowledgment. The Grantor does hereby further acknowledge and affirm that the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties
with respect to the security interest in the Copyright Collateral granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the
terms and provisions of which (including the remedies provided for therein) are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth
herein.

Section 6Loan Document. This Agreement is a Loan Document executed pursuant to the Credit Agreement and shall (unless otherwise expressly
indicated herein) be construed, administered and applied in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof, including Article X thereof.

Section 7Effective. This Agreement shall become effective when a counterpart hereof executed by the Grantor, shall have been received
by the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by email (in pdf,
tiff or similar format) or telecopy shall be effective as delivery or a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor hereto has caused
this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by its Authorized Officer as of the date first above written.

[NAME OF GRANTOR]

By: _________________________________

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Copyright Security Agreement

SCHEDULE I

to Copyright Security Agreement

Item A. Copyrights/Mask Works

Registered Copyrights/Mask Works

Country Registration No. Registration Date Author(s) Title

Copyright/Mask Work Pending Registration Applications

Country Serial No. Filing Date Author(s) Title

Copyright/Mask Work Registration Applications
in Preparation

Expected 

Country Docket No. Filing Date Author(s) Title

Item B. Exclusive Copyright/Mask Work Licenses

Country or Effective Expiration

Territory Licensor Licensee Date Date 

ANNEX I

to Security Agreement

SUPPLEMENT TO

PLEDGE AND SECURITY
AGREEMENT

This SUPPLEMENT, dated as of ____________ ___,
20__ (this Supplement), is to the Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019 (as amended, supplemented,
amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Security Agreement), by and among ACUTUS MEDICAL,
INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower and together with any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided
herein, each a Grantor and, collectively, the Grantors) and WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
(together with its Affiliates, successors, transferees and assignees), as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative
Agent) for the Secured Parties (defined below).

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, pursuant to thethat
certain Amended and Credit Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2019 (June
30, 2022 (as amended by the Fifth Amendment, and as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Credit Agreement), by and between the Borrower, the Lenders (as defined therein), OrbiMed
Royalty Opportunities II, LP, as Origination Agent, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders have extended Commitments
to make Loans to the Borrower; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the provisions of Section
7.6 of the Security Agreement, each of the undersigned is becoming a Grantor under the Security Agreement; and

WHEREAS, each of the undersigned desires to become
a Grantor under the Security Agreement in order to induce the Lenders to continue to extend Loans under the Credit Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the undersigned agrees, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as
follows.

Section 1Party to Security Agreement, Etc. In accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement, by its signature below, each of
the undersigned hereby irrevocably agrees to become a Grantor under the Security Agreement with the same force and effect as if it were
an original signatory thereto and each of the undersigned hereby (a) agrees to be bound by and comply with all of the terms and provisions
of the Security Agreement applicable to it as a Grantor and (b) represents and warrants that the representations and warranties made by
it as a Grantor thereunder are true and correct as of the date hereof, unless stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which case
such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. In furtherance of the foregoing, each reference
to a Grantor or Grantors in the Security Agreement shall be deemed to include each of the undersigned.

Section 2Schedules. Each of the undersigned hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to add the information set forth on the Schedules
to this Supplement to the correlative Schedules attached to the Disclosure Letter.

Section 3Representations. Each of the undersigned hereby represents and warrants that this Supplement has been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by it and that this Supplement and the Security Agreement constitute its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms.

Section 4Full Force of Security Agreement. Except as expressly supplemented hereby, the Security Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect in accordance with its terms.

Section 5Severability. Wherever possible each provision of this Supplement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Supplement shall be prohibited by or invalid under such law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining
provisions of this Supplement or the Security Agreement.

Section 6Governing Law, Entire Agreement, Etc. THIS SUPPLEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN
CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL
BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING FOR SUCH PURPOSE SECTIONS 5-1401
AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK) WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS OR RULES
THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. This Supplement, along with the other Loan Documents, constitutes
the entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersedes any prior agreements, written
or oral, with respect thereto.

Section 7Effectiveness. This Supplement shall become effective when a counterpart hereof executed by the Grantor shall have been
received by the Administrative Agent. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Supplement by email (in pdf,
tiff or similar format) or telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Supplement.

[Signature Page Follows]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto
has caused this Supplement to be duly executed and delivered by its Authorized Officer as of the date first above written.

[NAME OF ADDITIONAL SUBSIDIARY]

By: _________________________________

Name:

Title:

[NAME OF ADDITIONAL SUBSIDIARY]

By: _________________________________

Name:

Title:

Signature Page to Security Agreement Supplement

[COPY SCHEDULES FROM SECURITY AGREEMENT]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dp223579_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

CONTINGENT
VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS
CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of January 21, 2025 (this Agreement), is entered into by and among
Deerfield Partners, L.P. (Deerfield Partners), Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P. (DPD III)
and Acutus Medical, Inc. (Acutus, and together with Deerfield Partners and DPD III, each a Party
and together, the Parties).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
Deerfield Partners, DPD III and Acutus are each party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022
(as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including pursuant to Amendments No. 1, No. 2, No. 3, No.
4 and No. 5 thereto, the Credit Agreement), by and among Acutus, as borrower, Deerfield Partners and DPD III, as
lenders, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent;

WHEREAS,
Acutus has entered into that (a) certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2022, by and between Medtronic, Inc. (Medtronic)
and Acutus (the MDT Sale Agreement), pursuant to which, among other things, Medtronic purchased certain products
from Acutus for cash consideration of $50 million paid in connection with the initial closing on June 30, 2022 and contingent cash consideration
of up to $37 million that would become payable upon Acutus completion of certain milestones plus a percentage of certain future
net sales by Medtronic of the purchased products (collectively, the Earnout Payments) and (b) certain Distribution
Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and between Medtronic and Acutus (the Distribution Agreement), pursuant
to which Acutus agreed to manufacture and distribute certain products for Medtronic in accordance with the terms of the MDT Sale Agreement
and the Distribution Agreement;

WHEREAS,
on November 30, 2024, Acutus approved a reduction in operations (the Restructuring Transaction) to a scale designed
solely to support the manufacturing and distribution of Medtronics left-heart access products through the transition of the production
of these products to Medtronic pursuant to the terms of the MDT Sale Agreement and the Distribution Agreement;

WHEREAS,
Acutus will continue the manufacturing and distribution of left-heart access products for Medtronic until it has fulfilled its obligations
under the MDT Sale Agreement and the Distribution Agreement;

WHEREAS,
as part of the Restructuring Transaction, Acutus intends to among other things (i) terminate the registration of its securities under
the Exchange Act and suspend its public reporting obligations in connection therewith and (ii) terminate its shelf registration statement
on Form S-3 with respect to the resale of certain securities held by Deerfield Partners and DPD III and their respective affiliates;

WHEREAS,
Acutus has requested that Deerfield Partners and DPD III enter into Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement on the date hereof to facilitate
the foregoing; and

WHEREAS,
as a condition to Deerfield Partners and DPD IIIs willingness to enter into Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement, Deerfield
Partners and DPD III desire to support Acutus undertaking of the Restructuring Transaction and the transactions contemplated thereby
and, in connection with such support, Acutus desires to issue to each of Deerfield Partners and DPD III, and Deerfield Partners and DPD
III each desire to accept, one (1) CVR (as defined below), which provide Deerfield Partners and DPD III with contractual rights to receive
certain contingent cash payments on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, it is hereby agreed by and
among Deerfield Partners, DPD III and Acutus as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1. Definitions.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. As used in this
Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Acutus
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. As used in this definition, the term controls (including the terms controlled by
and under common control with) means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management or policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Assignee
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.

Business
Day means any day which is neither a Saturday or Sunday nor a legal holiday on which banks are authorized or required to be
closed in New York, New York or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that fixed
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

Change
of Control means and shall be deemed to have occurred if: (a) any person or group (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) shall acquire or own, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, determined
on a fully diluted basis, more than 40% of the equity or voting securities of Acutus; (b) a majority of the seats (other than vacant
seats) on the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Acutus shall at any time be occupied by persons who were neither (i) nominated,
appointed or approved by the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Acutus nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated,
appointed or approved; (c) Acutus shall cease to directly own, beneficially and of record, 100% of the issued and outstanding capital
securities of the Subsidiaries (other than directors qualifying shares or similar shares as required by applicable Law); (d) a
sale, exclusive license, lease, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions
of all or substantially all of the Acutus assets; (e) a purchase, tender or exchange offer made to the holders of Acutus

2

outstanding
common stock (whether by Acutus or a third party) is consummated such that following the consummation of such purchase, tender or exchange
offer, a change of control shall have occurred (i.e., current stockholders no longer hold at least 50% of the common stock or no longer
have the ability to elect a majority of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Acutus); (f) an issuance or series
of issuances by Acutus on or after the date hereof of an aggregate number of common stock equal to 50% or more of Acutus outstanding
common stock as of the date of such issuance (or first issuance of such series, as applicable); or (g) any other merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization or similar transaction involving Acutus, except where the holders of the equity and voting securities
of Acutus immediately prior to such transaction possess beneficial ownership of 50% or more of the equity and voting securities of Acutus
immediately after such transaction.

Credit
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

CVRs
means the contractual right of Holders to receive contingent cash payments on the terms set out in this Agreement.

Deemed
Liquidation Event means any (a) liquidation, dissolution, winding up, bankruptcy, receivership, general assignment for
the benefit of creditors or other insolvency event of Acutus, (b) Change of Control or (c) sale, assignment, transfer, pledge,
encumbrance or other disposition, in whole or in part, of the Earnout Payments.

Deerfield
Partners has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Distribution
Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

DPD
III has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Earnout
Payments has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Equity
Value means, with respect to any Person, the aggregate amount of residual value available (or that would be available) for
distribution to such Persons equity holders (including any common or preferred equity holders) following payment or provision in
full of such Persons indebtedness for borrowed money outstanding as of the applicable date. In the event a Liquidation Payment
is triggered by a Change of Control in which the consideration payable to equity holders (including any common or preferred equity holders)
consists entirely of cash payable immediately upon the closing of such Change of Control, then the Equity Value of such Person shall be
calculated based upon the aggregate cash payment that is payable to such holders at the closing of such Change of Control and extrapolated
based upon the number of fully diluted shares outstanding of such Person at such time. In the event a Deemed Liquidation Event is triggered
by clause (a) of the definition thereof, then the Equity Value of such Person shall be calculated based upon the fair market value of
the property as reasonably agreed by the Parties acting in good faith that is payable to such holders at the conclusion of the proceedings
described in clause (a) of the definition of Deemed Liquidation Event and, if applicable, extrapolated based upon the number of fully
diluted shares outstanding of such Person at such time.

Event
of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.

3

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Fifth
Amendment Effective Date has the meaning given thereto in Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement.

Holder
means any Person that holds a CVR at the applicable time.

Initial
Holders means Deerfield Partners and DPD III.

Law
or Laws means any law, statute, ordinance, common law, rule, regulation, order or other legal requirement enacted,
issued, promulgated, enforced or entered by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction.

Loan
has the meaning given thereto in the Credit Agreement.

Liquidation
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a).

Liquidation
Payment means an aggregate amount in cash equal to the lesser of (a) $300,000.00 and (b) 5.00% of the Equity Value
of Acutus on (i) with respect to a Change of Control, the date on which such Change of Control occurs, (ii) with respect to
clause (a) of the definition of Deemed Liquidation Event, the date of the conclusion of the proceedings described in clause (a) of the
definition of Deemed Liquidation Event or (iii) with respect to any other triggering event, immediately prior to occurrence of such
triggering event; provided, however, that, in the event that the Liquidation Payment becomes payable as a result of (x) a
Change of Control other than one in which all of the consideration payable to equity holders (including any common or preferred equity
holders) consists solely of cash payable immediately upon closing of such Change of Control, (y) an Event of Default pursuant to
Section 4.1(c) or (z) the events described in clause (c) in the definition of Deemed Liquidation Event, then the
Liquidation Payment shall be equal to $300,000.00.

MDT
Sale Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Medtronic
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Party
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, trust or unincorporated organization,
governmental authority or any other legal entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity.

Pro
Rata Share means, for each Holder, an amount equal to the product of (a) the Liquidation Payment multiplied by
(b) a fraction where (i) the numerator is the number of CVRs held by such Holder on the applicable date and (ii) the denominator
is the total number of CVRs outstanding on such applicable date.

Restructuring
Transaction has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Subsidiaries
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of such other Person is
at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person,
or by one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person.

4

Tax
means all income, stamp or other taxes, duties, levies, imposts, charges, assessments, fees, deductions or withholdings, now or hereafter
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any governmental authority, and all interest, additions to tax, penalties or similar
liabilities with respect thereto.

1.2. Certain
Interpretations.

(a) Unless
otherwise indicated, all references herein to Articles, Exhibits or Sections, shall be deemed to refer to Articles, Exhibits or Sections
of or to this Agreement, as applicable, and all references herein to paragraphs or clauses shall be deemed
references to separate paragraphs or clauses of the section or subsection in which the reference occurs. The words hereof,
herein, hereby, herewith, hereunder and words of similar import shall, unless
otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.

(b) Unless
otherwise indicated, the words include, includes and including, when used herein, shall be deemed
in each case to be followed by the words without limitation.

(c) Unless
otherwise indicated, all references herein to the Subsidiaries of a Person shall be deemed to include all direct and indirect Subsidiaries
of such Person unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires.

(d) If
a term is defined as one part of speech (such as a noun), it shall have a corresponding meaning when used as another part of speech (such
as a verb).

(e) Whenever
the context may require, any pronouns used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and
the singular form of nouns and pronouns shall include the plural, and vice versa.

(f) When
used herein, the word extent and the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other
thing extends, and such word or phrase shall not simply mean if.

(g) The
headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and shall not affect or be deemed to affect in any
way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision hereof.

(h) References
to $ and dollars are to the currency of the United States of America.

(i) Writing,
written and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including electronic media)
in a visible form.

(j) Except
as otherwise specified, (i) references to any statute shall be deemed to refer to such statute as amended from time to time and to
any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder, (ii) references to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that

5

Person and (iii) references
from or through any date mean from and including or through and including, respectively.

(k) Except
as otherwise specified, reference to any agreement (including the Credit Agreement), document or instrument means such agreement, document
or instrument as amended, modified, supplemented, replaced, restated, waived or extended and in effect from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof;

(l) Whenever
this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified. Whenever any action
must be taken hereunder on or by a day that is not a Business Day, then such action may be validly taken on or by the next day that is
a Business Day. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, when calculating the period of time within which, or following which, any
action is to be taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference day in calculating such period shall be excluded.

(m) The
Parties acknowledge that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore,
waive the application of any Law, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be
construed against the Party drafting such agreement or document.

(n) The
word will shall be construed to have the same meaning as the word shall.

(o) The
word or shall be disjunctive but not exclusive.

2. CONTINGENT
VALUE RIGHTS

2.1. CVRs.
The CVRs represent the contractual rights of the Holders to receive a contingent cash payment pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
Each Initial Holder shall be entitled to one (1) CVR, which shall be deemed automatically granted by Acutus on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date..

2.2. Non-Transferable.
The CVRs may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, encumbered or in any other manner transferred or disposed of, in whole or in
part, except that upon any assignment or other transfer of all or some of a Holders rights under the Credit Agreement, a proportionate
share of the CVR held by such Holder shall be deemed assigned or transferred to the assignee or other transferee of such rights under
the Credit Agreement and such assignment or transfer shall be recorded in the Register. Any other sale, assignment, transfer, pledge,
encumbrance or disposal shall be null and void ab initio.

2.3. Tax
Treatment. The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that for U.S. federal income tax purposes (i) each CVR shall not be treated
as a separate instrument but shall be treated as a right to additional contingent interest on the Loans and (ii) such additional
contingent interest shall not cause the Loans to be treated as contingent payment debt instruments that are subject to the
rules set forth in United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4. Each Party agrees not to take any position that is inconsistent
with the provisions of this Section 2.3 on any Tax return or in any audit or other administrative or judicial proceeding unless otherwise
required by applicable Law.

6

2.4. No
Certificate. The CVRs shall not be evidenced by a certificate or other instrument.

2.5. Payment
Procedures.

(a) At
least ten (10) Business Days prior to the occurrence of any Deemed Liquidation Event, Acutus shall deliver written notice to each Holder
(the Liquidation Notice), which shall include (i) a description of the Deemed Liquidation Event, (ii) the
date such Deemed Liquidation Event shall occur and (iii) a good faith and reasonable estimate of the aggregate Liquidation Payment
payable to each Holder and the Holders in the aggregate upon occurrence of such Deemed Liquidation Event. Following receipt of the Liquidation
Notice, each Holder shall deliver to Acutus a letter of instruction setting forth the wiring instructions and account information applicable
to payment of the Liquidation Payment to such Holder.

(b) Upon
occurrence of a Deemed Liquidation Event, Acutus shall promptly (but in any event on the same Business Day as such Deemed Liquidation
Event, or, in the event the Deemed Liquidation Event does not occur on a Business Day, the next Business Day) following the date of such
Deemed Liquidation Event, pay or cause to be paid to each Holder its Pro Rata Share of the Liquidation Payment by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the account specified in the letter of instruction provided by such Holder in accordance with Section 2.5(a).
The Holders shall be entitled to receive the Liquidation Payment before Acutus makes any payment to its holders of capital stock.

2.6. No
Voting, Dividends or Interest. The CVRs shall not have any voting or dividend rights, and interest shall not accrue on any amounts
payable on the CVRs to any Holder.

2.7. Ability
to Abandon CVR. A Holder may at any time, at such Holders option, abandon all of such Holders remaining rights in a
CVR by transferring such CVR to Acutus or any of its Affiliates without consideration therefor. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit
Acutus or any of its Affiliates from offering to acquire or acquiring any CVRs for consideration from the Holders, in private transactions
or otherwise, in its sole discretion. Any CVRs acquired by Acutus or any of its Affiliates shall be automatically deemed extinguished
and no longer outstanding.

3. COVENANTS

3.1. Assignment
or Pledge of Earnout Payments. Acutus shall not enter into an agreement for, or consummate, the sale, assignment, transfer, pledge,
encumbrance or other disposition, in whole or in part, of the Earnout Payments.

3.2. Payment
of Liquidation Payment. If a Deemed Liquidation Event occurs or the Liquidation Payment otherwise becomes due and payable in accordance
with Section 4.1 and Section 4.2, Acutus shall promptly (but in any event on the same Business Day as
the date such triggering event occurs, or, in the event that such date does not occur on a Business Day, the next Business Day) following
such Deemed Liquidation Event or the date of such other triggering event, pay to the Holders an aggregate sum equal to the Liquidation
Payment in cash in accordance with Section 2.5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Liquidation Payment becomes due and
payable as a result of clause (a) of the definition of Deemed Liquidation Event, then such

7

Liquidation
Payment shall become due and payable at the conclusion of the proceedings described in clause (a) of the definition of Deemed Liquidation
Event.

3.3. Books
and Records. Acutus shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, keep true, complete and accurate records in sufficient detail to enable
the Holders and their respective consultants or professional advisors to determine the amounts payable hereunder.

3.4. Further
Assurances. Acutus agrees that, at any time and upon the reasonable request of Deerfield Partners or DPD III, it shall promptly perform,
execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and delivered, any and all such further acts, instruments
and assurances as may be necessary or desirable for the purpose of carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

3.5. Restricted
Payments. Neither Acutus nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, declare or pay any dividend or other distribution,
or make any other payment on account of any redemption, repurchase, acquisition or other return of capital, direct or indirect (whether
in cash, securities, obligations or other property), with respect to any equity interests in Acutus or any Subsidiary other than dividends
by a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Acutus to Acutus or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of Acutus.

3.6. Affiliate
Transactions. Neither Acutus nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into any transaction with any of its or their Affiliates (including
the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) unless (a) the
terms and conditions agreed with such Affiliate are typical and reasonable in commercial terms, (b) such transactions are on an arms
length basis and (c) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom.

4. DEFAULT

4.1. Event
of Default. Event of Default shall include each of the following events or occurrences described in this Article
4:

(a) Non-Performance
of Certain Covenants and Obligations. Acutus or any of its Subsidiaries shall default in the due performance or observance of any
of its obligations under Section 3.1 (Assignment or Pledge of the Earnout Payments), Section 3.5
(Restricted Payments) or Section 3.6 (Affiliate Transactions).

(b) Non-Performance
of Other Covenants and Obligations. Acutus or any of its Subsidiaries shall default in the due performance or observation of any of
its obligations under this Agreement and such default, if capable of being remedied, shall continue unremedied for a period of 20 days
after the earlier to occur of (i) notice thereof given to Acutus by any Holder or (ii) the date on which Acutus or any such
Subsidiary has knowledge of such default.

(c) Default
on Other Indebtedness. Subject to any applicable grace period(s), a default shall occur in the payment of any amount when due, whether
by acceleration or otherwise, of any principal or stated amount of, or interest or fees on, any indebtedness of Acutus under the Credit
Agreement, or a default shall occur in the performance or observance of any obligation or condition with respect to the Credit Agreement
if the effect of such default is to accelerate the

8

maturity of any such indebtedness
or such default shall continue unremedied for any applicable period of time sufficient to permit the holder or holders of such indebtedness,
or any trustee or agent for such holders, to cause or declare such indebtedness to become due and payable or to require such indebtedness
to be prepaid, redeemed, purchased or defeased, or require an offer to purchase or defease such indebtedness to be made, prior to its
expressed maturity.

4.2. Action
in Event of Default. If any Event of Default shall occur for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation
of Law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any governmental authority, and be
continuing (and has not been cured or waived), Deerfield Partners or DPD III may (a) by notice to Acutus, declare all or any portion
of the Liquidation Payment to be immediately due and payable, without further notice, demand or presentment of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived by Acutus and (b) immediately exercise all rights and remedies available under applicable Law.

5. MISCELLANEOUS

5.1.
Effective Date. This Agreement shall be effective as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding
Section 5.11, if the Fifth Amendment Effective Date has not occurred pursuant to the terms of Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement
on or prior to January 31, 2025 or such other date as agreed to with the Lenders (as defined in Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement)
in writing in their sole discretion, this Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

5.2. Amendments.
Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived if, and only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case
of an amendment, by each of Acutus, Deerfield Partners and DPD III or, in the case of a waiver, by the Party granting the waiver. No failure
or delay by any Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights
and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Law.

5.3. Notices.
All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing and shall be personally
delivered or sent by certified mail, electronic mail, postage prepaid, to the intended Party at the address of such Party set forth below:

(a) If to Acutus, to:

Acutus Medical, Inc.

2210 Faraday Ave., Suite 100

Carlsbad, CA 92008

Attention: Takeo Mukai

Email: [ ]

with a copy
(which shall not constitute notice) to:

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

900 Middlefield Rd

Redwood City, CA 94063

Attention: Alan F. Denenberg

Email: [ ]

9

(b) If
to Deerfield Partners or DPD III, to:

c/o Deerfield
Management Company, L.P.

345 Park Avenue South, 12th
Floor

New York, New York 10010

Attention: Legal Department

Email: [ ]

with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to:

Sullivan & Cromwell LLP

125 Broad Street

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Ari Blaut

Email: [ ]

All such notices
and communications shall be effective, (a) if personally delivered, when received, (b) if sent by certified mail, three (3)
Business Days after having been deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, (c) if sent by two-day mail, two (2) Business Days after
having been deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, (d) if sent by overnight courier, one (1) Business Day after having been given
to such courier, and (e) if transmitted by electronic mail, when sent, receipt confirmed by telephone or electronic means.

5.4. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors, legal representatives
and permitted assigns. Acutus shall not assign, delegate, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its rights or delegate any of its obligations
under this Agreement and any attempted assignment of this Agreement or any such rights in violation of this Section 5.4
shall be void and of no effect ab initio.

5.5. Remedies.
Each Party agrees that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of the terms of this Agreement by the other Party,
and that, in addition to all other remedies it may be entitled to under Law or in equity, each Party will be entitled to seek specific
performance, injunctive and other equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach (in each case, without the requirement of posting a
bond or other security or proving damages). Each Party agrees that it will not oppose the granting of such relief on the basis that the
other Party has an adequate remedy at law.

5.6. No
Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly provided herein, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement and
nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, shall give to any Person any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
this Agreement or under any covenant or provision herein contained, all such covenants and provisions being for the sole benefit of Acutus,
Deerfield Partners, DPD III and any Assignee, as applicable.

5.7. Governing
Law. This Agreement, including any claims or causes of action (whether in contract, tort or statute) that may be based upon, arise
out of or relate to this Agreement or the CVRs, or the negotiation, execution or performance hereof or thereof or the transactions contemplated
hereby, shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to
any choice or conflict of Law provision or

10

rule
(whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Laws of any jurisdiction other than
the State of Delaware.

5.8. Consent
to Jurisdiction. Each of the Parties hereto (a) irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any other
process in any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement, for and on behalf of itself or any of its properties or assets, in accordance
with Section 5.3 or in such other manner as may be permitted by applicable Law, and nothing in Section 5.9
shall affect the right of any Party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by applicable Law, (b) irrevocably and unconditionally
consents and submits itself and its properties and assets in any action or proceeding to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware (or, only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept or does not have jurisdiction
over a particular matter, any federal or other state court sitting in New Castle County within the State of Delaware) in the event any
dispute or controversy arises out of this Agreement, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, (c) agrees
that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court, (d) waives
any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or
proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same and (e) agrees that it will not bring any
action arising out of this Agreement in any court other than the courts described in this Section 5.8. Each of the Parties
hereto agrees that a final judgment in any action or proceeding in such courts as provided above shall be conclusive and may be enforced
in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable Law.

5.9. WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
(WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES IN THE NEGOTIATION,
ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY
OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (B) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATION OF THIS WAIVER, (C) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY,
AND (D) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION.

5.10. Severability.
In the event that any term or other provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, is invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority of competent jurisdiction, or public policy, the remainder of this Agreement
shall not be affected by such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability affect
the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision, or the application of such provision, in any other jurisdiction, and the remainder
of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired or invalidated. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced,
the Parties hereto shall

11

negotiate
in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable
manner in order for the economic, business and other purposes hereof to be effected as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

5.11. Termination.
This Agreement shall be terminated and of no force or effect and the Parties shall have no liability hereunder (other than with respect
to monies due and owing by Acutus to the Holders) only upon the payment by wire transfer and receipt by each such Holder, of any and all
Liquidation Payments required to be paid under the terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such termination shall affect
any rights or obligations accrued prior to the effective date of such termination or Section 5.5 (Remedies), Section 
5.6 (No Third Party Beneficiaries), Section 5.7 (Governing Law), Section 5.8
(Consent to Jurisdiction), Section 5.9 (Waiver of Jury Trial), Section 5.10 (Severability),
Section 5.12 (Entire Agreement), Section 5.13 (Counterparts) or this Section 5.11
(Termination), which shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

5.12. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

5.13. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Party, it being understood
that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile
or other electronic transmission, including by e-mail attachment, shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of
this Agreement.

[REMAINDER OF
PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officers or representatives
as of the day and year first above written.

DEERFIELD PARTNERS, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., its General Partner

By: J.E. Flynn Capital, LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ David Clark

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized Signatory

DEERFIELD PRIVATE DESIGN FUND III, L.P.

By: Deerfield Mgmt III, L.P., its General Partner

By: J.E. Flynn Capital III, LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ David Clark

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized Signatory

ACTUS MEDICAL, INC.

By: /s/ Takeo Mukai

Name: Takeo Mukai

Title: CEO & CFO

[Signature Page to CVR Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dp223579_ex1003.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

WARRANT TERMINATION
AGREEMENT

THIS WARRANT TERMINATION AGREEMENT,
dated as of January 21, 2025 (this Agreement) is entered into by and between Acutus Medical, Inc. a Delaware
corporation (the Company), Deerfield Partners, L.P. (Deerfield Partners) and Deerfield Private
Design Fund III, L.P. (DPD III and together with Deerfield Partners, each, a Warrant Holder
and together, the Warrant Holders). The Company and the Warrant Holders will each be referred to individually as
a Party and collectively as the Parties.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company issued
to the Warrant Holders certain series of warrants described on Exhibit A hereto (each such warrant, a Warrant
and collectively, the Warrants) pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions contained in each Warrant,
Warrant Holders have the right to purchase certain shares (the Warrant Shares) of the Companys common stock,
par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock); and

WHEREAS, in connection with
the execution of Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Amendment),
the Parties have mutually agreed to terminate and cancel the Warrants pursuant to the terms of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Effective Date.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the Amendment). For the avoidance of doubt,
if the Fifth Amendment Effective Date has not occurred pursuant to the terms of the Amendment on or prior to January 31, 2025 or such
other date as agreed to with the Lenders (as defined in the Amendment) in writing in their sole discretion, this Agreement shall terminate
and be of no further force and effect.

2. Termination
of Warrant; No Surviving Rights. Effective upon the receipt by the Warrant Holders of the Warrant Termination Payment (as defined
below), on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date the Warrants shall each be terminated in full and shall be of no further force or effect.

3. Termination
Payment. The Company shall pay to the Warrant Holders, for their respective accounts, a warrant termination payment (the Warrant
Termination Payment) equal to $250,000 in the aggregate, in U.S. dollars and in immediately available funds in its entirety
on the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, as set forth on Exhibit A.

4. Representations
and Warranties. (A) Each Warrant Holder represents and warrants that as of Fifth Amendment Effective Date it is the sole and exclusive owner and
holder of the Warrants and it has not assigned, transferred, sold, pledged, conveyed or otherwise disposed of the Warrants or any right
or interest therein and (B) each Party represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to perform its obligations hereunder and (ii) this Agreement constitutes the legally valid and binding obligation of each Party, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms.

5. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement contains and comprises the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the termination
of the Warrants and supersedes all prior oral or written understandings, commitments or agreements with respect thereto. Each of the Parties
acknowledges and agrees that no other representation, promise, covenant or agreement of any kind whatsoever has been made to cause any
Party to execute this Agreement, and that all agreements and understandings between the Parties are embodied and expressed herein.

6. Amendments;
Successors and Assigns. The Parties hereby agree that the terms of this Agreement shall not be amended or changed except by a written
instrument and signed by a duly authorized representative of each Party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns.

7. Third-Party
Beneficiaries. No provision of this Agreement is intended to, and no provision of this Agreement shall, confer upon any party other
than the Parties (and their successors and assigns, if any) any rights or remedies under this Agreement.

8. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect
to its principles regarding conflicts of law.

9. Counterparts;
Facsimile/Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in counterpart, each of which shall be deemed an original and all
of which, when taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature page delivered electronically or by facsimile
shall be binding to the same extent as an original signature page with regards to any agreement subject to the terms hereof or any amendment
thereto.

10. Incorporation
by Reference. The parties hereto agree that the provisions of the Warrants governing jurisdiction, venue and waiver of jury trial
are hereby incorporated herein by reference mutatis mutandis.

[Signature Page Follows]

-2 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representatives as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date.

COMPANY

ACUTUS MEDICAL,
INC.

By: /s/ Takeo Mukai

Name: Takeo Mukai

Title: CEO & CFO

WARRANT HOLDER

DEERFIELD PARTNERS, L.P.

By: /s/ David Clark

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized Signatory

WARRANT HOLDER

DEERFIELD PRIVATE DESIGN FUND III, L.P.

By: /s/ David Clark

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized Signatory

Warrant
Termination Agreement

Signature Page

EXHIBIT A

WARRANTS

Warrant
Holder Issuance
Date Expiration Strike
Price Warrant

Shares Symbol

DPD III May, 20 2019 05/20/2029 $16.67 209,996 0059939A0

DPD III June 30, 2022 06/30/2030 $1.1114 1,889,509 5993993

DPD III June 7, 2018 06/07/2028 $.097 193,002 0049999K6

Deerfield Partners June 30, 2022 06/30/2030 $1.1114 1,889,509 5993993

Deerfield Partners June 7, 2018 06/07/2028 $.097 31,116 0049999K6

WARRANT TERMINATION PAYMENT

Warrant
Holder Warrant
Termination Payment Wire
Instructions

DPD III $125,000 [ ]

Deerfield Partners $125,000 [ ]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dp223579_ex1004.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

REGISTRATION RIGHTS TERMINATION AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Termination
Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into as of January 21, 2025 by and among Deerfield
Partners, L.P. (Deerfield Partners), Deerfield Private Design Fund III, L.P. (DPD III and, together
with Deerfield Partners, the Deerfield Funds) and Acutus Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Deerfield Funds are parties to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022 (the Registration Rights
Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Company previously
filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) (File No. 333-266804)
with respect to the offer and sale from time to time of the Companys securities held by the Deerfield Funds (the Resale
Registration Statement);

WHEREAS, the Company has proposed
to effect the deregistration of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share, with the SEC, including the termination
of the Companys periodic reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Deregistration);

WHEREAS, in connection with
the Deregistration, the Company and the Deerfield Funds have entered into on or about the date hereof (i) an amendment (the Amendment)
to the Companys Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time) by and among the Company, the Deerfield Funds and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative
Agent, (ii) a contingent payment agreement and (iii) a warrant termination agreement (collectively with this Agreement, the Transaction
Documents); and

WHEREAS, effective as of the
Fifth Amendment Effective Date (as defined in the Amendment), the Company and the Deerfield Funds desire to terminate the Registration
Rights Agreement as set forth below.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company
and the Deerfield Funds agree as follows:

1. Termination of Registration Rights Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, effective
upon the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, and without any further action by any party hereto, the Registration Rights Agreement is hereby
terminated and shall be of no further force or effect; provided, however, that the provisions contained in Sections 7 (Indemnification),
8 (Contribution) and 12 (Miscellaneous) of the Registration Rights Agreement (collectively, the Surviving Provisions)
shall survive and remain in effect notwithstanding such termination.

2. Termination of Registration. The Deerfield Funds, on behalf of themselves and their affiliates,
hereby acknowledge and agree that, effective upon the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, the Company shall be permitted without any further
consent of the Deerfield Funds or their affiliates, to withdraw the Resale Registration Statement and terminate the offer and/or sale
of securities under the Resale Registration Statement, by making any necessary filings or taking any other necessary actions with the
SEC, including by post-effective amendment to the Resale Registration Statement (the Registration Statement Termination).

3. Representations and Warranties.

a. Each of the Deerfield Funds represents and warrants to the Company that each Deerfield Fund has full power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform the obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution, delivery and performance by such Deerfield Fund of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly and validly authorized by such Deerfield Fund and no other actions or proceedings on the part of such Deerfield
Fund are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation by such Deerfield Fund of the transactions
contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each Deerfield Fund, and, assuming this Agreement constitutes
a valid and binding obligation of the Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such Deerfield Fund, enforceable against
such Deerfield Fund in accordance with its terms.

b. The Company represents and warrants to the Deerfield Funds that the Company has full power and authority
to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform the obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly and validly authorized by the Company and no other actions or proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Deerfield
Funds, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.

4. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the internal laws of the State
of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of law provisions of the State of New York or any other state.

5. Counterparts; Electronic transmission. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Executed signatures transmitted via facsimile
or e-mail attachment will be accepted and considered duly executed.

6. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the other Transaction Documents, constitutes the
entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may be amended or superseded only by a writing executed
by the parties hereto.

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Registration
Rights Termination Agreement is executed as of the date first above written.

Company:

ACUTUS MEDICAL,
INC.

By: /s/ Takeo Mukai

Name: Takeo Mukai

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Termination Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Registration
Rights Termination Agreement is executed as of the date first above written.

Registration Rights Holders:

DEERFIELD PARTNERS, L.P.

By:

Deerfield Mgmt, L.P., 

its General Partner

By:

J.E. Flynn Capital, LLC, 

its General Partner

By: /s/ David Clark

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized
Signatory

DEERFIELD PRIVATE DESIGN FUND III, L.P.

By:

Deerfield Mgmt III, L.P.,

its General Partner

By:

J.E. Flynn Capital III, LLC,, 

its General Partner

By: /s/ David Clark

Name: David Clark

Title: Authorized
Signatory

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Termination Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>afib-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>afib-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>afib-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39430

Entity Registrant Name Acutus
Medical, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001522860

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-1306615

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 2210
Faraday Ave.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Carlsbad

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92008

City Area Code 442

Local Phone Number 232-6080

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol AFIB

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://acutusmedical.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

afib-20250121.xsd 
afib-20250121_lab.xml 
afib-20250121_pre.xml 
dp223579_8k.htm 

image_002.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000950103-25-000703-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>dp223579_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001522860 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001522860 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
Acutus Medical, Inc. 
DE 
001-39430 
45-1306615 
2210 Faraday Ave. 
Suite 100 
Carlsbad 
CA 
92008 
442 
232-6080 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 
AFIB 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>