<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950103-25-004418.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0000950103-25-004418.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404163245
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-25-004418
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		25
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250403
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DPL LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000787250
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				311163136
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09052
		FILM NUMBER:		25815389

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1065 WOODMAN DRIVE
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45432
		BUSINESS PHONE:		937 259 7215

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1065 WOODMAN DRIVE
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45432

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DPL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dp227257_8k-dplllc.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000078725000007872502025-04-032025-04-03iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 3, 2025

Commission File
Number 1-9052

DPL LLC

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ohio 31-1163136

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

1065 Woodman Drive 

Dayton, Ohio 45432

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (937) 259-7215

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class

Trading
Symbol(s)

Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

N/A

N/A

N/A 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Purchase Agreements

On April 4, 2025, DPL LLC (formerly known as DPL
Inc.) (the "Company" or "DPL"), a wholly owned subsidiary of The AES Corporation, and Astrid Holdings
LP ("Investor"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Caisse de dpt et placement du Qubec ("CDPQ"),
consummated the transactions contemplated by (i) a Purchase and Sale Agreement entered into by and between the Company and Investor, dated
as of September 13, 2024, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to Investor 15% of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock, no par value per share, of AES Ohio Holdings, Inc. ("Ohio Holdings" and, such agreement, the "Ohio Holdings
Purchase Agreement") for a purchase price of approximately $272 million, and (ii) a Purchase and Sale Agreement entered into
by and between the Company and Investor, dated as of September 13, 2024, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to Investor 17.65%
of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, no par value per share, of AES Ohio Investments, Inc. ("Ohio Investments"
and, such agreement, the "Ohio Investments Purchase Agreement" and together with the Ohio Holdings Purchase Agreement,
the "Purchase Agreements") for a purchase price of approximately $272 million. Pursuant to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Ohio Holdings Purchase Agreement (the "Ohio Holdings Closing") and the Ohio Investments Purchase
Agreement (the "Ohio Investments Closing" and together with the Ohio Holdings Closing, the "Closings"),
CDPQ owns an aggregate indirect equity interest in The Dayton Power and Light Company, doing business as AES Ohio ("AES Ohio"),
of approximately 30%, with total proceeds to the Company of approximately $544 million.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, prior to the
Ohio Holdings Closing, the Company contributed to Ohio Holdings 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, $0.01 par value
per share, of AES Ohio, such that Ohio Holdings owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of AES Ohio. Immediately
after the Ohio Holdings Closing and immediately prior to the Ohio Investments Closing, the Company contributed to Ohio Investments 85%
of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Ohio Holdings, such that Ohio Investments owns a direct equity interest in Ohio Holdings
of 85%. Following the Closings, the Company owns 82.35% of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Ohio Investments, Ohio
Investments owns 85% of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Ohio Holdings, and Ohio Holdings owns 100% of the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of AES Ohio.

Shareholders' Agreement

In connection with the Closings, on April 4, 2025,
Investor, Ohio Investments and the Company entered into a Shareholders' Agreement with respect to Ohio Investments (the "Shareholders'
Agreement"), the form of which had been agreed to by the parties. The Shareholders' Agreement establishes the general framework
governing the relationship between and among Investor and the Company, and their respective successors and transferees, as shareholders
of Ohio Investments. Under the Shareholders' Agreement, the board of directors of Ohio Investments will consist of sixteen directors,
three nominated by Investor, and thirteen nominated by the Company. The Shareholders' Agreement contains restrictions on Ohio Investments
and its subsidiaries taking certain major decisions without the prior affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors of Ohio
Investments. In addition, for so long as Investor holds at least 5% of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Ohio Investments,
Investor will have review and consultation rights with respect to certain actions of Ohio Investments and its subsidiaries.

Certain transfer restrictions and other transfer
rights apply to Investor and the Company under the Shareholders' Agreement, including certain rights of first offer, drag along rights,
tag along rights and put rights. In connection with the Closings under the Purchase Agreements, Investor, Ohio Holdings and Ohio Investments
entered into a Shareholders' Agreement with respect to Ohio Holdings with substantially identical terms.

In connection with the Closings, the Company will
use a portion of the proceeds to repay in full the $415 million in aggregate principal amount 4.125% senior notes due July 1, 2025. The
remaining proceeds from the transactions will be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of equity contributions to
AES Ohio.

The foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreements
and the Shareholders' Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, the full
terms of the Purchase Agreements, which were filed with the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2024, and the full terms of the Shareholders' Agreement, which will be filed with the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
period ended June 30, 2025.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year

On April 3, 2025, DPL Inc. converted its form of
business organization from an Ohio corporation to an Ohio limited liability company (the "Conversion"). Upon the Conversion,
DPL Inc. changed its name to DPL LLC. In connection with the Conversion, the former Articles of Incorporation and Regulations were terminated
and DPL LLC adopted Articles of Organization including a Certificate of Conversion and an Operating Agreement. The Operating Agreement
of DPL LLC modified the prior organizational documents of DPL Inc., including by removing the concept of an independent director.

The foregoing description of the Conversion is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Articles of Organization including Certificate of Conversion and Operating Agreement which
are attached as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Organization of DPL LLC, dated April 3, 2025

Exhibit 3.2 Operating Agreement of DPL LLC, dated April 3, 2025

Exhibit 3.3 Certificate of Conversion, dated April 3, 2025

Exhibit 104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.

Forward-Looking Statements

This current report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding management's intents, beliefs, and current expectations and typically contain, but are not limited to, the terms
"anticipate," "potential," "expect," "forecast," "target," "will," "would,"
"intend," "believe," "project," "estimate," "plan" and similar words. Such forward-looking
statements include, without limitation, statements with respect to the proposed use of proceeds from the transactions contemplated by
the Purchase Agreements. Forward-looking statements are not intended to be a guarantee of future results, but instead constitute DPL's
current expectations based on reasonable assumptions. Forecasted financial information is based on certain material assumptions. These
assumptions include, but are not limited to, our expectations regarding the timing of events, accurate projections of market conditions
and regulatory rates, future interest rates, commodity prices, continued operating performance and electricity volume at distribution
companies, as well as achievements of planned productivity improvements and growth investments at expected rates of return.

Actual results could differ materially from those
projected in our forward-looking statements due to risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Important factors that could affect actual
results are discussed in DPL's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including, but not limited
to, the risks discussed under Item 1A: "Risk Factors" and Item 7: "Management's Discussion & Analysis" in DPL's
2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC. Readers are encouraged to read DPL's filings to learn more
about the risk factors associated with DPL's businesses. DPL undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Any security holder who desires a copy of DPL's 2024 Annual Report
on Form 10-K, or subsequent filings with the SEC, may obtain a copy (excluding the exhibits thereto) without charge by addressing a request
to the Office of the Secretary, DPL Inc., 1065 Woodman Drive, Dayton, Ohio 45432. Exhibits also may be requested, but a charge equal to
the reproduction cost thereof may be made. A copy of the Annual Report on Form 10-K may also be obtained by visiting AES Ohio's website
at www.aes-ohio.com.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DPL LLC

Date: April 4, 2025 By: /s/ Brian Hylander

Name: Brian Hylander

Title: Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dp227257_ex0301.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

DOC ID ---- > 202509301280 Name of Limited Liability Company DPL LLC (Name must include one of the following words or abbreviations: "limited liability company", limited, "LLC", "L.L.C.", "ltd.", or "ltd".) Optional: Effective Date (MM/DD/YYYY) Effective Time Pursuant to Ohio Revised Code Section 1706.16(D), a limited liability company is formed when the articles of organization are filed by the secretary of state or at any later date or time specified in the articles of organization. Pursuant to Ohio Revised Code Section 1706.172(D), articles of organization delivered to the Ohio Secretary of State for filing may specify an effective time and a delayed effective date of not more than ninety days following the date of receipt by the Secretary of State. Articles of organization are effective as provided in Ohio Revised Code Section 1706.172(D). Optional: Purpose Form 610 Prescribed by: For scr ee n readers, foll o w instructi on s loc ate d a t this path INSTRUCTIONS Include the filing fee. Make check or money order payable to Ohio Secretary of State. Print on single - sided 8 x 11 paper. Double sided paper will be rejected. Information must be typed. Illegible forms will be rejected Articles of Organization for a Domestic Limited Liability Company Filing Fee: $99 Form Must Be Typed 115 - LCA Regular Service: P.O. Box 670 Columbus, OH 43216 OR Expedite Service: P.O. Box 1390 Columbus, OH 43216 . Form 610 Last Revised: 10/2024 Page 2 of 6 MAIL TO

DOC ID ---- > 202509301280 Original Appointment of Statutory Agent The undersigned authorized member(s), manager(s) or representative(s) of DPL LLC (Name of Limited Liability Company) hereby appoint the following to be Statutory Agent upon whom any process, notice or demand required or permitted by statute to be served upon the limited liability company may be served. The complete address of the agent is: Brian Hylander (Name of Statutory Agent) 1065 Woodman Drive (Agent Address - Post office boxes and CMRAs are NOT allowed. See instructions for details.) D a y ton O h i o 45432 (City) (S t a t e) (ZIP Code) Acceptance of Appointment The Undersigned, Brian Hylander (Name of Statutory Agent) , named herein as the Statutory agent for DPL LLC (Name of Limited Liability Company) hereby acknowledges and accepts the appointment of statutory agent for said limited liability company. Statutory Agent Signature (Individual Agent's Signature / Signature on Behalf of Business Serving as Agent) If applicable, attach a statement as provided in division (B)(3) of section 1706.761 of the Ohio Revised Code to state that the LLC may have one or more series of assets subject to limitations. Form 610 Last Revised: 10/2024 Page 3 of 6

DOC ID ---- > 202509301280 By signing and submitting this form to the Ohio Secretary of State, the undersigned hereby certifies that he or she has the requisite authority to execute this document. Required Until this filing is approved, this business entity does not legally exist, therefore, the entity cannot be the signer of this document. If the person is an individual, then he or she must sign on the signature line and print his or her name in the Print Name Box. If the person is a business entity, please print the name of the entity in the Signature box and an authorized representative of the business must sign in the By box and print his or her name and title or authority in the Print Name Box. Signature By (if applicable) Print Name Signature By (if applicable) Print Name Signature By (if applicable) Print Name Brian Hylander Form 610 Last Revised: 10/2024 Page 4 of 6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dp227257_ex0302.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

OPERATING AGREEMENT

OF

DPL LLC

This Operating Agreement (this
Agreement) of DPL LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (the Company), is entered
into effective as of April 3, 2025, by and between the Company and AES DPL Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the
sole member of the Company (the Member), pursuant to the provisions of the Ohio Revised Limited Liability
Company Act (the Act).

WHEREAS, the Company,
formerly known as DPL Inc., an Ohio corporation, was converted to a limited liability company on April 3, 2025; and

WHEREAS, the Member
agrees that the membership in, and management of, the Company shall be governed by the terms set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, the
Member and the Company agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

ORGANIZATION

Section 1.1 Formation. The
Company has been converted from an Ohio corporation to an Ohio limited liability company by the filing of a Certificate of Conversion
and Articles of Organization in the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio under and pursuant to Section 1706.72 of the
Act.

Section 1.2 Name. The
name of the Company is DPL LLC, or such other name as the Member may determine from time to time, and all Company business shall be conducted
in such name or such other names that comply with applicable law and as the Member may designate from time to time.

Section 1.3 Registered
Office; Registered Agent; Principal Office. The registered office of the Company in the State
of Ohio shall be 1065 Woodman Drive, Dayton, OH 45432, or at such other location as the Officers (as hereinafter defined) may from time
to time agree. The registered agent at such address for service of process on the Company in the State of Ohio shall be Brian
Hylander, or such other person or persons as the Officers may designate from time to time in the manner provided by law.

Section 1.4 Purpose. The
purpose of the Company is to (a) engage only in (and to cause its Significant Subsidiaries to engage only in) (i) those types of businesses
and other activities in which the Company or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries or controlled partnerships or joint ventures are
engaged on the effective date of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any geographic or other expansion of such businesses or
activities), and (ii) any other business or activity which is deemed necessary, useful or desirable in connection with such existing businesses
and activities or any such permitted additional geographic or other expansions of such businesses and activities; provided, that, notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may enter into any additional business operations from time to time in the future if, prior to doing so, it
shall have

obtained written confirmation from each of the
Rating Agencies that the entering into of such new businesses will not result in a Ratings Downgrade; and (b) engage in any and all activities
or enter into any and all agreements, instruments or certificates necessary or incidental to the foregoing or as otherwise provided for
in this Agreement (collectively, the Permitted Activities). The Company shall not engage in any
activity (including incurring any indebtedness for borrowed funds) that is not a Permitted Activity. As used in this Agreement:
(x) Significant Subsidiary means, at any particular time, any subsidiary entity of the Company whose gross
assets or gross revenues (having regard to the Companys direct and/or indirect beneficial interest in the capital stock or other
equity interests of that Subsidiary) represent at least 25% of the consolidated gross assets or, as the case may be, consolidated gross
revenues of the Company; (y) Rating Agency means (i) Standard & Poors, (ii) Moodys, and
(iii) Fitch, any of their respective subsidiaries or successors, or, in any case, if such person ceases to rate the senior long-term debt
of the Company for reasons outside the control of the Company, any other nationally recognized statistical rating organization
(within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) selected by the Company as a replacement Rating
Agency, and (z) Ratings Downgrade means a lowering by all of the Rating Agencies of the rating assigned to
the senior long-term debt of the Company below investment grade by such Rating Agency.

Section 1.5 Term. The
term of the Company shall be perpetual and shall continue until terminated or dissolved in accordance with the terms hereof or the provisions
of the Act.

ARTICLE II

MEMBERS; OWNERSHIP

Section 2.1 Members. The
Member owns 100% of the membership interests in the Company. The name and the mailing address of the Member are as follows:

Name Address

AES DPL Holdings, LLC 1065 Woodman Drive, Dayton, OH 45432

Section 2.2 Additional
Members. One or more additional members may be admitted to the Company with the written consent
of the Member. Prior to the admission of any such additional members to the Company, the Member shall amend this Agreement
to make such changes as the Member shall determine to reflect that the Company shall have such additional members. Each additional
member shall execute and deliver a joinder, supplement, or counterpart to this Agreement, as necessary.

Section 2.3 Form of Certificates. Each
Member shall be entitled to receive a certificate substantially similar in form to the certificate attached hereto as Exhibit
Aor such other form as prescribed by the Directors (each, a Director,
which is defined as a member of the Board elected as provided in Section 4.2) and by any applicable law, which certificate shall certify
the interest of such Member in the Company.

-2- 

Section 2.4 Assignment. The
Member may assign or pledge its membership interest in the Company pursuant to a duly executed transfer or assignment certificate substantially
similar in form to the Assignment of Membership Interest provided in Exhibit A.

Section 2.5 Membership
Interests as Securities. All membership interests in the Company shall be securities
within the meaning of, and be governed by, the provisions of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code (including, without limitation,
Section 1308.02 thereof) as in effect from time to time in the State of Ohio (the Ohio UCC),
and the Company opts-in to such provisions of Chapter 1308 of the Ohio UCC.

Section 2.6 Liability
to Third Parties. The debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, whether arising
in contract, tort or otherwise, shall always and hereafter be solely the debts, obligations, and liabilities of the Company and the Member
shall not have any personal liability for any obligation of the Company, whether such obligations arise in contract, tort or otherwise,
except to the extent that any such obligations are expressly assumed in writing by the Member.

ARTICLE III

CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS, ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 3.1 Capital Contributions. The
Member may contribute cash, property, or services as it may from time to time determine. Except as required by law, the Member
shall have no obligation to make additional capital contributions to the Company. 

Section 3.2 Share of
Profits and Other Compensation to be Received by the Member. The Member shall be entitled
to all of the profits, losses and distributions of the Company.

Section 3.3 Capital Accounts. A
capital account shall be maintained in a manner prescribed by the Member.

ARTICLE IV

MANAGEMENT

Section 4.1 Management
of Company. As provided in this Agreement, all management powers over the business and affairs
of the Company shall be vested in a Board of Directors (the Board) which
Board shall collectively constitute managers of the Company within the meaning of the Act, and, subject to the direction
of the Board, the Officers. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, the authority and functions of the Board on
the one hand and of the Officers on the other shall be identical to the authority and functions of the board of directors and officers,
respectively, of a corporation organized under the Ohio General Corporation Law. Thus, except as otherwise specifically provided
in this Agreement, the business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the direction of the Board, and the day-to-day activities
of the Company shall be conducted on the Companys behalf by the Officers, who shall be agents of the Company. In addition
to the powers that now or hereafter can be granted to directors under the Act and to all other powers granted under any other provision
of this Agreement, the Board (subject to Section 4.2) and the Officers (subject
to Section 4.3 and the direction of the Board) shall have 

-3- 

full
power and authority to do all legal things on such terms as they, in their sole discretion, may deem necessary or appropriate to conduct,
or cause to be conducted, the business and affairs of the Company.

Section 4.2 The Board of Directors.

(a) Number;
Term of Office; Qualifications; Vacancies. The number of Directors that shall constitute the whole Board shall be three
or as otherwise fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board. Directors shall be elected by the Member to hold office,
subject to Sections 4.2(b) and 4.2(c), until their respective successors are elected and qualified. Vacancies in the Board
created by death, resignation or removal of Directors and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number
of Directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining Directors, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining Director.

(b) Resignation. Any
Director may resign at any time by giving written notice of such resignation to the Board or the President or the Secretary of the Company. Any
such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or, if no time is specified, upon receipt thereof by the Board or one
of the above-named Officers; and, unless specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. When
one or more Directors shall resign from the Board, effective at a future date, a majority of the Directors then in office, including those
who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereof to take effect when such resignation or resignations
shall become effective.

(c) Removal. Any
Director may be removed, with or without cause, by the Member.

(d) Regular
Meetings; Notice. Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such time and at such place as the Board may from time to
time prescribe. Notice of such meeting stating the date, time and place thereof shall be given (i) by mail, overnight delivery
service, or any other means of communication authorized by the Director at least two days before the meeting; or (ii) personally or by
telephone not later than the day before the date on which such meeting is to be held. Meetings of the Directors may be conducted
in person or by any method of communication which permits all Directors to hear each other and participate in the meeting.

(e) Special
Meetings; Notice. A special meeting of the Board may be called at any time by the President or any person acting in the
place of the President and shall be called by the President or by the Secretary upon receipt of a written request to do so specifying
the matter or matters appropriate for action at such a meeting that are proposed to be presented at the meeting and signed by at least
two Directors. Any such meeting shall be held at such time and at such place, within or without the State of Ohio, as shall
be determined by the body or person calling such meeting. Notice of such meeting stating the date, time and place thereof shall
be given (i) by mail, overnight delivery service, or any other means of communication authorized by the Director at least two days before
the meeting; or (ii) personally or by telephone not later than the day before the date on which such meeting is to be held. The
notice need not specify the purposes of the meeting.

(f) Quorum. At
all meetings of the Board, a majority of the Directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In
the absence of a quorum, a majority of the Directors who are present (or if only one be present,
then that one) may adjourn the meeting, from 

-4- 

time to time, without notice other than announcement at that meeting, until such time as
a quorum is present. Except as otherwise required by this Agreement, the vote of the majority of the Directors present at a
meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board.

(g) Informal
Action By Directors. Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the Board may be taken without a meeting,
without prior notice and without a vote if consented to or approved, in writing, by electronic transmission or by other means permitted
by law, by Directors then in office, having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take action
at a meeting at which all Directors then in office and entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

(h) Waiver of Notice. Notice
of any meeting of the Board may be waived in writing, either before or after the holding of such meeting, by any Director, which writing
shall be filed with or entered upon the records of the meeting. An electronic mail, or an electronic or other transmission
capable of authentication that appears to have been sent by the Director and that contains a waiver by that person is a writing. The
attendance of any Director at any meeting of the Board without protesting, prior to or at the commencement of the meeting, the lack of
proper notice, shall be deemed to be a waiver by him or her of notice of such meeting.

(i) Committees. The
Board may at any time elect three or more of their number as an executive committee or other committees, which shall, in the interval
between meetings of the Board, exercise such powers and perform such duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board. Any
such committee shall be subject at all times to the control and direction of the Board. Unless otherwise ordered by the Board,
any such committee may act by a majority of its members at a meeting or by a writing or writings signed by all its members. An
act or authorization of an act by any such committee within the authority delegated to it shall be as effective for all purposes as the
act or authorization of the Board, but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the filling of vacancies among
the Directors or in any committee of the Directors. The committee shall keep regular minutes of their proceedings and report
the same to the Board when required.

Section 4.3 Officers.

(a) Election;
Delegation of Authority. The officers of the Company (the Officers) shall be elected by the
Board, may include a Chairman of the Board and shall include a President, a Treasurer, a Secretary, and such other positions as the Board
may deem necessary or desirable. Unless otherwise designated by the Board, any such Officer shall have the titles, powers,
authority and duties as are generally understood to be consistent with such office. Any one or more offices may be held by
the same person, except those of President and Vice President. The names of the Officers of the Company shall be recorded in
the minutes of the Board meeting wherein they were elected or in the Boards written consent to the election of Officers. Any
action taken by an Officer designated by the Board shall constitute the act of and serve to bind the Company. In dealing with
the Officers acting on behalf of the Company, no person or entity shall be required to inquire into the authority of the officers to bind
the Company. Persons and entities dealing with the Company are entitled to rely conclusively on the power and authority of any Officer set forth in
this Agreement and any instrument designating such Officer and the authority delegated to him or her. 

-5- 

(b) Chairman
of the Board; Presiding Officer. The Chairman of the Board shall be chosen from among the Directors and the Board shall
designate either the Chairman of the Board or the President as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Other officers of
the Company need not be Directors. The Chairman of the Board, if one be elected, shall preside at all meetings of the Board. The
President shall preside at all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman of the Board is not present. In the absence or disability
of the Chairman of the Board, or in the event the Board has not elected a Chairman, the duties of the office of the Chairman of the Board
shall be performed by the President.

(c) Term of
Office. Officers of the Company shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualified.

(d) Resignation. Any
Officer may resign at any time by giving written notice of such resignation to the Board or the President or the Secretary of the Company. Any
such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or, if no time is specified, upon receipt thereof by the Board or one
of the above-named Officers; and, unless specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

(e) Removal. Any
Officer may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Member or by the affirmative vote of the majority of the Board.

(f) Vacancies. A
vacancy however caused in any office of the Company may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term in the manner provided in this
Agreement for election or appointment of such office.

(g) Powers of
Attorney. The Company may grant powers of attorney or other authority as appropriate to establish and evidence the authority
of the Officers and other persons.

Section 4.4 Indemnification;
Limitation of Liability.

(a) Indemnification. The
Company shall indemnify any Director, Officer, employee or agent, or any former director or officer of the Company and any person who
is or has served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise (and his or her heirs, executors and administrators) against any and all losses, liabilities,
damages, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, and expenses, including attorney fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him
or her, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was such director, officer, incorporator, trustee employee or agent, in connection
with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative. The
termination of any action, suit, or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its
equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, the person
had reasonable cause to believe that the persons conduct was unlawful. The indemnification provided herein shall not
be deemed to restrict the right of the Company to (a) indemnify employees, agents and others as permitted by law, (b) purchase and
maintain insurance or provide similar protection on behalf of the directors, officers or such other persons against liabilities asserted
against them or expenses incurred by them arising out of their service to the Company as contemplated herein, and 

-6- 

(c) enter into agreements
with such Directors, Officers, employees, agents or others indemnifying them against any and all liabilities asserted against them or
incurred by them arising out of their service to the Company as contemplated herein. Any amendment, repeal or modification
of the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.4(a) shall not adversely affect any right or protection of any person entitled to indemnification
hereunder existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.

(b) Limitation
of Liability. The debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, shall
be solely the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, and no Officer, Director, employee or agent of the Company shall be obligated
personally for any such debt, obligation or liability of the Company solely by reason of being an Officer, Director, employee or agent
of the Company. 

ARTICLE V

TAXES; BOOKS AND REPORTS

Section 5.1 Tax Status. Unless
otherwise determined by the Member, as long as the Company has only one member, it is the intention of the Company and the Member that
the Company be treated as a disregarded entity for federal and all relevant state tax purposes and neither the Company nor the Member
shall take any action or make any election that is inconsistent with such tax treatment. Unless otherwise determined by the
Member, all provisions of this Agreement are to be construed so as to preserve the Companys
tax status as a disregarded entity.

Section 5.2 Fiscal Year. The
fiscal year of the Company shall end on the 31st day of December of each year or such other date as the Member may from time
to time determine.

ARTICLE VI

DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION, AND TERMINATION

Section 6.1 Dissolution. The
Company shall be dissolved and its affairs shall be wound up upon the first to occur of any of the following:

(a) the written
consent of the Member; or

(b) the entry of
a decree of judicial dissolution under Section 1706.47(E) of the Act.

Section 6.2 Liquidation
and Termination. On dissolution of the Company, the Member shall appoint one or more persons
as liquidators of the Company. The liquidators shall forthwith commence the winding up of the Companys business and
the liquidation of its property. All proceeds from the sale or disposition of the property of the Company shall, to the maximum
extent permitted by law, be applied as follows:

(a) All of the
Companys debts and liabilities shall be paid and discharged in the order of priority provided by law; and

-7- 

(b) The balance
shall be distributed to the Member.

The costs of liquidation shall
be borne as a Company expense. Until final distribution, the liquidator(s) shall continue to operate the Company properties
with all the power and authority of the Officers hereunder.

Section 6.3 Cancellation
of Filings. Upon completion of the distribution of Company assets as provided in Section
6.2 hereof, the Company is terminated, and the Officers shall file a Certificate of Dissolution with the Secretary of State of the State
of Ohio and shall take such other actions as may be necessary to terminate the Company.

ARTICLE VII

COVENANTS

Section 7.1 Business of the Company. The
Company shall:

(a) conduct
its own business in its own name and through its duly authorized officers, agents or other representatives, shall not share any graphical
common logo with any individual, a corporation, a partnership, limited liability company, association, trust or any other entity or organizations,
including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof (each, a Person),
shall hold itself out and identify itself as a separate and distinct entity under its own name and not as a division or part of any other
Person or entity, and correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate existence and identity;

(b) maintain
limited liability company records separate from those of any other Person, and invoices, stationary and business forms, if any, that are
separate and distinct from those of any other Person;

(c) file
its own tax returns or participate in a joint/consolidated return or any tax sharing agreement, in each case, if applicable;

(d) pay
from its own assets all obligations of any kind incurred by it;

(e) not
hold out its credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of any other Person;

(f) take
all appropriate action necessary to maintain its existence in good standing under the laws of the State of Ohio;

(g) observe,
practice and adhere to all customary and organizational formalities, including those formalities required by this Agreement and the Act,
and maintain current minute books, records and accounts separate from those of any other Person;

(h) observe
strictly all organizational and procedural matters and formalities required by its constitutive, organizational and formative documents,
this Agreement, and the Act;

-8- 

(i) observe
limited liability company formalities in its dealings with each of its Affiliates (as hereinafter defined) and maintain arms-length
relationships with each of its Affiliates;

(j) enter
into any business transaction with any of its Affiliates only on arms-length terms that are not materially more or less favorable
to it than the terms and conditions that could have been obtained, under similar circumstances, from unaffiliated Persons;

(k) not
guarantee the debts of any of its Affiliates, pledge, or grant a security interest in or lien upon, its assets for the benefit of any
of its Affiliates, be or hold itself out to be responsible for the debts of any of its Affiliates or the decisions or actions respecting
the daily business and affairs of any of its Affiliates;

(l) 
cause its assets and liabilities to be separately identified and segregated from the assets and liabilities of any other Person;

(m) hold
all of its assets at all times in its own name or on its behalf and, if held on its behalf by another Person, cause such assets to be
kept identifiable (in accordance with customary usages) as assets owned by the Company;

(n) manage
its business and affairs by or under the direction of the Board as designated by this Agreement;

(o) ensure
that the Board duly authorizes its actions as required hereunder;

(p) not
commingle or pool its funds or other assets with those of its Affiliates or any other Person, and not maintain joint bank accounts or
other depository accounts to which it has independent access with any Affiliate or any other Person;

(q) fairly
compensate the Directors and Officers from its own funds for time spent working on its business or affairs;

(r) maintain
stationery through which all business correspondence and communication are conducted, in each case separate from those of its Affiliates
or any other Person;

(s) to
the extent payments are made by checks, have checks in its own name;

(t) not
grant sureties, bonds, comfort letters or assume any other form of joint or several liability for the obligations of any of its Affiliates
or any other Person; and

(u) maintain
its financial statements such that, to the extent any interest in the Company or its assets is reflected in such financial statements,
(i) an appropriate notation is made on such consolidated financial statements to indicate the separateness of the Company from a Parent
(as hereinafter defined) or Affiliate and to indicate that the Companys assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations
of such Parent or any other person, except to the extent permitted pursuant to the last paragraph of this Section 7.1 with respect to
the 

-9- 

Companys own direct or indirect subsidiaries, in which case no such notation shall be required, and (ii) such assets are also
listed on the Companys own separate balance sheet.

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Company
may take any action otherwise prohibited under clauses (e), (k), (p) and (t) of this Section 7.1 if such action is taken with respect
to the Companys own direct or indirect subsidiaries, and the Companys own direct and indirect subsidiaries may take any
such action if such action is taken with respect to the Company or other direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Company.

Section 7.2 Distributions. The
Company shall have the power to make or pay distributions to the Member, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7.3 hereof. The
Board may base a determination that a distribution is not prohibited under the limitation contained in the preceding sentence either on
financial statements prepared on the basis of accounting practices and principles that are reasonable in the circumstances or on a fair
valuation or other method that is reasonable in the circumstances.

Section 7.3 Lender Covenants.

(a) Distributions and Intercompany
Loans. The Company shall not (i) declare, recommend, make or pay any Distribution to any of its members or (ii) make any
intercompany loan to any of its Affiliates (other than the Company or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries) unless there exists
no Event of Default and no such Event of Default will result from the making of such Distribution or intercompany loan and either: (x)
at the time and as a result of such Distribution or intercompany loan, the Companys Leverage Ratio does not exceed 0.67:1, and
the Companys Interest Coverage Ratio is not less than 2.5:1; or (y) if the Company is not in compliance with the foregoing ratios,
at such time its senior long-term debt rating from a Rating Agency is at least investment grade.

(b) Compliance Certificate. Prior
to making any Distribution or intercompany loan described in this Section 7.3, the Board shall confirm that such Distribution or intercompany
loan complies with the terms of this Section 7.3, provided that, in the case of a Distribution or intercompany loan to be made under the
circumstances described in clause (x) in Section 7.3(a), the Board shall have first obtained a compliance certificate from an officer
of the Company that, at the time and after giving effect to such Distribution or intercompany loan, the Company is in compliance with
the Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio set forth in clause (x) in Section 7.3(a); provided further that the foregoing approval
will not be required in the case of intercompany loans if the aggregate amount of intercompany loans outstanding at any one time does
not exceed $20 million.

(c) Limitations. The
foregoing limitation on Distributions and intercompany loans shall cease to be in effect if the Rating Agencies confirm that without the
limitations contained in this Section 7.3, there would not result a Ratings Downgrade. If the limitation on Distributions and
intercompany loans set forth in this Section 7.3 ceases to be in effect, the Company will be under no obligation to reinstate such limitation
or otherwise observe its terms in the event such ratings are thereafter lowered or withdrawn.

-10- 

(d) Definitions. As
used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings ascribed below:

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person (as defined below), any Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with, the specified Person. As used in this definition, the term control means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person (whether through ownership
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise).

Capitalized Lease
Obligations means all lease obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries which, under GAAP, are or will be required
to be capitalized, in each case taken at the amount of the lease obligation accounted for as indebtedness in conformity with those principles.

Consolidated
Current Liabilities means the consolidated current liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries but excluding the current
portion of long term Indebtedness which would otherwise be included in it, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated
Debt means, at any time, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (including,
without limitation, the principal component of Capitalized Lease Obligations, but excluding Permitted Debt, Currency, Interest Rate or
Commodity Agreements and all Consolidated Current Liabilities and Project Finance Debt) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as determined
on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP.

Consolidated
EBITDA means, for any period, the sum of the amounts for such period of the Companys (i) Consolidated Net Income,
(ii) distributions paid, accrued or scheduled to be paid in respect of any Preferred Securities or other membership interests to the extent
deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, (iii) Consolidated Interest Expense plus (x) interest paid, accrued or scheduled to be
paid or to be accrued in respect of any Permitted Debt, and (y) interest expense related to Company-owned life insurance, (iv) income
taxes and deferred taxes (other than income taxes (either positive or negative) attributable to extraordinary and non-recurring gains
or losses or sales of assets), (v) depreciation expense, (vi) amortization expense, and (vii) all other non-cash items reducing Consolidated
Net Income, less all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income, all as determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP.

Consolidated
Interest Expense means, for any period, the aggregate amount of interest in respect of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money
(excluding interest expense related to Permitted Debt and Company-owned life insurance and including amortization of original issue discount
on any Indebtedness and the interest portion of any deferred payment obligation, calculated in accordance with the effective interest
method of accounting; and all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to bankers acceptance financing)
and the net costs associated with Interest Rate Agreements and all but the principal component of rentals in respect of Capitalized Lease
Obligations, paid, accrued or scheduled to be paid or to be accrued by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries during such period, excluding,
however, any amount of such interest of any Subsidiary of the Company if the
net income (or loss) of such Subsidiary is excluded 

-11- 

from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such Subsidiary pursuant to clause
(ii) of the definition thereof (but only in the same proportion as the net operating income (or loss) of such Subsidiary is excluded),
less consolidated interest income, all as determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP; provided that, to the extent that
the Company has any Subsidiary that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary, Consolidated Interest Expense shall be reduced by an amount equal
to such interest expense of such Subsidiary multiplied by the quotient of (A) the number of shares of outstanding common stock of such
Subsidiary not owned on the relevant Measurement Date by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company divided by (B) the total number
of shares of outstanding common stock of such Subsidiary on the relevant Measurement Date.

Consolidated
Net Income means, for any period, the aggregate of the net income (or loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such
period, as determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP; provided that the following items shall be excluded from any calculation
of Consolidated Net Income (without duplication): (i) the net income (or loss) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which any other
person has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or other distributions actually paid to the Company or another
Subsidiary of the Company during such period; (ii) the net income (or loss) of any Subsidiary to the extent that the declaration or payment
of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of such net income is not at the time permitted by the operation of the terms
of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation or license; (iii) all extraordinary
gains and extraordinary losses, merger related expenses and one-time expenses, cash or noncash, relating to restructuring efforts; and
(iv) all gains and losses from discontinued operations.

Currency, Interest
Rate or Commodity Agreements means an agreement or transaction involving any currency, interest rate or energy price or
volumetric swap, cap or collar arrangement, forward exchange transaction, option, warrant, forward rate agreement, futures contract or
other derivative instrument of any kind for the hedging or management of foreign exchange, interest rate or energy price or volumetric
risks; it being understood, for purposes of this definition, that the term energy shall include, without limitation, coal,
gas, oil and electricity.

Distribution
means any distribution or payment (including by way of redemption, repurchase, retirement, return or repayment) in respect of membership
interests of the Company, excluding any contract adjustment payments under contracts to purchase equity interests of the Company, Parent
or any of its affiliates (which equity interest was not held as an asset of the Company) entered into in connection with the issuance
of any Permitted Debt.

An Event of Default
shall occur with respect to the Company if:

i. default
in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or obligation of the Company in this Section 7.3 for a period of 30 days;

ii. default
in the payment of the principal of any bond, debenture, note or other evidence of indebtedness, in each case for money borrowed by the
Company, or in the payment of principal under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured
or evidenced any Indebtedness for Borrowed 

-12- 

Money of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary, if such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money
is not Project Finance Debt and provides for recourse generally to the Company which default for payment of principal is in an aggregate
principal amount exceeding $25 million (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) when such indebtedness becomes due and
payable (whether at maturity, upon redemption or acceleration or otherwise), if such default shall continue unremedied or unwaived for
more than 30 business days and the time for payment of such amount has not been expressly extended by the holders of such indebtedness,
provided that at the time such payment default is remedied, cured or waived the Event of Default hereunder by reason thereof shall be
deemed likewise to have been remedied, cured or waived;

iii. a
court having jurisdiction in the premises shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing
a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
or for all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or ordering the winding
up or liquidation of the affairs of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, and in each case such decree or order shall remain
unstayed and in effect for a period of 180 consecutive days; or

iv. the
Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (A) commences a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
law now or hereafter in effect, or consents to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, (B) consents
to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of
the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or for all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Company or any of
its Significant Subsidiaries or (C) effects any general assignment for the benefit of creditors.

Excluded Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary of the Company:

i. in respect of
which neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company (other than another Excluded Subsidiary) has undertaken any legal obligation
to give any guarantee for the benefit of the holders of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (other than to another member of the Group)
other than in respect of any statutory obligation and the Subsidiaries of which are all Excluded Subsidiaries; and

ii. which has been
designated as such by the Company.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, as in effect from time to time.

Group
means the Company and its Subsidiaries and member of the Group shall be construed accordingly.

-13- 

Indebtedness
means, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at any date of determination (without duplication): (i) all Indebtedness
for Borrowed Money (excluding any credit which is available but undrawn), (ii) all obligations in respect of letters of credit (including
reimbursement obligations with respect thereto), (iii) all obligations to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property or services,
which purchase price is due more than six months after the date of placing such property in service or taking delivery and title thereto
or the completion of such services, except trade payables, (iv) all Capitalized Lease Obligations, (v) all indebtedness of other persons
secured by a mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest on any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether
or not such indebtedness is assumed; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness shall be the lesser of (A) the fair market value of
such asset at such date of determination and (B) the amount of the secured indebtedness, (vi) all indebtedness of other persons of the
types specified in the preceding clauses (i) through (v), to the extent such indebtedness is guaranteed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and (vii) to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, net obligations under Currency, Interest Rate or Commodity Agreements. The
amount of Indebtedness at any date shall be the outstanding balance at such date of all unconditional obligations as described above and,
upon the occurrence of the contingency giving rise to the obligation, the maximum liability of any contingent obligations of the types
specified in the preceding clauses (i) through (vii) at such date; provided that the amount outstanding at any time of any Indebtedness
issued with original issue discount is the face amount of such Indebtedness less the remaining unamortized portion of the original issue
discount of such Indebtedness at such time as determined in conformity with GAAP.

Indebtedness
For Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for (i) money borrowed,
(ii) payment obligations under or in respect of any trade acceptance or trade acceptance credit, or (iii) any notes, bonds, loan stock
or other debt securities offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placement, acquisition consideration or
otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash (including, without limitation, Permitted
Debt); provided, however, in each case, that such term shall exclude (a) any indebtedness relating to any accounts receivable securitizations,
(b) any Indebtedness to be secured by Liens, (c) any Preferred Securities which are issued and outstanding on the effective date of this
Agreement or any extension, renewal, or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), as a whole or in part, of any
such existing Preferred Securities, for amounts not exceeding the principal amount or liquidation preference of the Preferred Securities
so extended, renewed or replaced, and (d) any Preferred Securities issued in replacement or in connection with a refinancing of any preferred
securities or preferred stock which is issued and outstanding on the effective date of this Agreement, for amounts not exceeding the liquidation
preference of the preferred securities or preferred stock so replaced or refinanced.

Interest Coverage
Ratio means, with respect to the Company on any Measurement Date, the ratio of (i) the aggregate amount of Consolidated
EBITDA of the Company for the four fiscal quarters for which financial information in respect thereof is available immediately prior to
such Measurement Date to (ii) the aggregate Consolidated Interest Expense during such four fiscal quarters.

Leverage Ratio
means the ratio of Consolidated Debt to Total Capital (as defined herein), calculated on the basis of the most recently available consolidated
balance sheet of the

-14- 

Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (provided
that such balance sheet is as of a date not more than 60 days prior to a Measurement Date) prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Lien
means any mortgage, lien, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance; provided, however, that the term Lien shall not
mean any easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances and encumbrances consisting of zoning restrictions, leases,
subleases, restrictions on the use of property or defects in the title thereto.

Measurement Date
means the record date for any Distribution.

Parent
shall mean any entity which owns directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the membership interests of the Company. 

Permitted Debt
means Indebtedness for Borrowed Money issued in connection with a contract or contracts to purchase from the Company equity interests
in the Company, Parent or any affiliate of Parent (which equity interest was not held as an asset of the Company) for an aggregate amount
equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money.

Preferred Securities
means, without duplication, any trust preferred or preferred securities or related debt or guaranties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

Project Finance
Debt means:

i. any
Indebtedness to finance or refinance the ownership, acquisition, development, design, engineering, procurement, construction, servicing,
management and/or operation of any project or asset which is incurred by an Excluded Subsidiary; and

ii. any
Indebtedness to finance or refinance the ownership, acquisition, development, design, engineering, procurement, construction, servicing,
management and/or operation of any project or asset in respect of which the person or persons to whom any such Indebtedness is or may
be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a member of the Group) has or have no recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group
(other than an Excluded Subsidiary) for the repayment thereof other than:

(A) recourse
to such member of the Group for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash flow or historic net cash
flow) from, or ownership interests or other investments in, such project or asset; and/or

(B) recourse
to such member of the Group for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of such Indebtedness in an enforcement of
any encumbrance given by such member of the Group over such project or asset or the income, cash flow or other proceeds deriving therefrom
(or given by any shareholder or the like, or other investor in the borrower or in the owner of such project or asset over its shares or
the like in the capital of, or other investment in, the borrower or in the owner of such project or asset) to secure such Indebtedness,
provided that the extent of such recourse to such

-15- 

member of the Group is limited solely
to the amount of any recoveries made on any such enforcement; and/or

(C) recourse
to such borrower generally, or directly or indirectly to a member of the Group, under any form of assurance, indemnity, undertaking or
support, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages required to be calculated in a specified
way) for breach of an obligation (not being a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by another or an indemnity in respect
thereof or any obligation to comply or to procure compliance by another with any financial ratios or other tests of financial condition)
by the person against which such recourse is available.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which 50% or more of the total
voting power of shares of capital stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence
of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned, directly or indirectly, by
(i) such person, (ii) such person and one or more Subsidiaries of such person or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such person.

Total Capital
of any Person means, as of any date, the sum (without duplication) of (a) Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, (b) preferred stock and Preferred
Securities of such Person and its consolidated Subsidiaries, (c) consolidated equityholders equity of such Person and its consolidated
Subsidiaries (excluding any preferred stock in stockholders equity) and (d) any excess of the value of the Companys assets
acquired by Parent over the book value of such assets.

ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 8.1 Amendment. This
Agreement may be changed, modified or amended only by an instrument in writing duly executed by the Member.

Section 8.2 Severability. Every
provision in this Agreement is intended to be severable. If any term or provision hereof is illegal or invalid for any reason
whatsoever, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement.

Section 8.3 Binding Effect;
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is binding on and inures to the benefit of the
Member and its respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement shall provide any
benefit to any third party or entitle any third party to any claim, cause of action, remedy or right of any kind, it being the intent
of the parties that this Agreement shall not be construed as a third-party beneficiary contract.

Section 8.4 Governing
Law. THIS AGREEMENT IS GOVERNED BY AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF OHIO, EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAWS RULE OR PRINCIPLE THAT MIGHT REFER THE GOVERNANCE OR CONSTRUCTION OF THIS AGREEMENT
TO THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance
is held invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this

-16- 

Agreement
and the application of that provision to other persons or circumstances is not affected thereby, and that provision shall be enforced
to the greatest extent permitted by law.

Section 8.5 Ethics and
Compliance Charter. The Company adopts the AES Corporation Ethics and Compliance Program Charter, including any future
revisions, amendments, or additions, and will take appropriate action to implement the general elements of the AES ethics and compliance
program described therein.

Section 8.6 Counterparts;
Electronic Signature. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature
page of this Agreement by fax transmission or electronic transmission will be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart
of this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto agree that an electronic signature, whether digital or encrypted, of a party
included in this Agreement is intended to authenticate this Agreement and to have the same force and effect as a manual signature. Electronic
signature means any electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to or logically associated with a record and executed and adopted by
a party with the intent to sign such record, including facsimile or email electronic signatures and DocuSign signatures pursuant to the
Ohio Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (R.C. 1306.01 et seq.) as amended from time to time.

-17- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each of the undersigned, intending to be legally bound, have executed this Agreement on this 3rd day of April, 2025.

MEMBER: 

AES DPL HOLDINGS, LLC 

By: /s/ Brian Hylander 

Name: Brian Hylander 

Title: Assistant Secretary 

COMPANY: 

DPL LLC 

By: /s/ Gustavo Garavaglia 

Name: Gustavo Garavaglia 

Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Operating Agreement of DPL LLC]

Exhibit
A

THE MEMBERSHIP INTEREST REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE. SUCH
MEMBERSHIP INTEREST MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED UNLESS SUBSEQUENTLY REGISTERED OR UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. THIS
CERTIFICATE EVIDENCES AN INTEREST IN DPL LLC AND SHALL BE A SECURITY GOVERNED BY ARTICLE 8 OF THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AS IN EFFECT
FROM TIME TO TIME IN THE STATE OF OHIO, AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.

CERTIFICATE FOR MEMBERSHIP INTEREST

DPL LLC

Certificate No. ____

The undersigned, as an authorized
person on behalf of DPL LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (the Company), hereby certifies that [INSERT
MEMBER NAME], a [INSERT STATE AND ENTITY FORM], is the holder of [INSERT PERCENTAGE INTEREST] percent ([XX]%)
membership interest in the Company (the Membership Interest).

This Certificate is not negotiable
or transferable except by operation of law, or as otherwise provided in the Operating Agreement of the Company, effective as of __________
___, 2025, as amended and restated from time to time (the Agreement) (a copy of which is on file at the principal
office of the Company). All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. Any
such transfer will be valid only upon delivery of this Certificate, together with an assignment in a form sufficient to convey an interest
in a limited liability company pursuant to the Ohio Limited Liability Company Act, as it may be amended and in effect from time to time,
or any successor statute thereto, duly executed, to the transferee of the Membership Interest.

Dated: ____________________

DPL LLC

By: ______________________________________________________

Name: 

Title: 

ASSIGNMENT OF MEMBERSHIP INTEREST

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the Assignor)
hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfers unto

(Please insert taxpayer identification number of the assignee) (Please print name and address) 

all rights and interest of the Assignor in DPL LLC, an Ohio limited
liability company (the Company), represented by this Certificate and irrevocably constitutes and appoints
_____________________ as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution in the premises to transfer the same on the books of the
Company. 

Dated: [INSERT MEMBER NAME]

By: 

Name:

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dp227257_ex0303.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.3

DOC ID ---- > 202509301280

DOC ID ---- > 202509301280 Telphone: 877.767.3453 OhioSoS.gov | business@OhioSoS.gov File online or for more information: OhioBusinessCentral.gov Certificate for Conversion for Entities Converting Within or Off the Records of the Ohio Secretary of State Filing Fee: $99 Form Must Be Typed (CHECK ONLY ONE (1) BOX) The converting entity hereby states that it has complied with all laws in the jurisdiction under which it exists and that those laws permit the conversion. Converting Off The Records of the Ohio Secretary of State (187 - VXX) Partnership Domestic Limited Partnership Foreign Limited Partnership Domestic Limited Liability Partnership Foreign Limited Liability Partnership Foreign Limited Liability Company Last Revised: 10/2024 Form 700 Page 1 of 3 (2) Form 700 Prescribed by: Converting Within The Records of the Ohio (1) Secretary of State Name of the converting entity DPL INC. Jurisdiction of Formation OHIO Charter/Registration Number 662284 The converting entity is a: (Check Only (1) One Box) Domestic Nonprofit Corporation Domestic For - Profit Corporation Domestic Professional Association Foreign Nonprofit Corporation Foreign For - Profit Corporation Domestic Limited Liability Company

DOC ID ---- > 202509301280 Effective Date (Optional) (The conversion is effective upon the filing of this certificate or on a later date specified in the certificate) Partnership Domestic Limited Partnership Foreign Limited Partnership Domestic Limited Liability Partnership Foreign Limited Liability Partnership See instructions for additional filing requirements if (1) the conversion creates a new domestic entity, (2) the converted entity is a foreign entity that desires to transact business in Ohio; or (3) if a domestic corporation or foreign corporation licensed in Ohio is the converting entity. Required information that must accompany conversion certificate if box 2 is checked If the converting entity is a domestic or foreign entity that will not be licensed in Ohio, provide the name and address of the statutory agent upon whom any process, notice or demand may be served. Brian Hylander Name of Statutory Agent 1065 Woodman Drive Agent Address (Post office boxes and CMRAs are NOT allowed. See instruction for details.) Dayton OH 45432 City State ZIP Code Last Revised: 10/2024 Form 700 Page 2 of 3 Name of the converted entity DPL LLC Jurisdiction of Formation Ohio The converted entity is a: (Check Only (1) One Box) Domestic For - Profit Corporation Domestic Professional Association If Domestic For - Profit Corporation OR Domestic Professional Association, please indicate total number of shares Foreign Nonprofit Corporation Foreign For - Profit Corporation Domestic Limited Liability Company Foreign Limited Liability Company Name and address of the person or entity that will provide a copy of the declaration of conversion upon written request. Brian Hylander Name 1065 Woodman Drive Address Dayton City 45432 Zip Code O hio State MM/DD/YYYY

DOC ID ---- > 202509301280 Print Name By (if applicable) Signature Print Name By (if applicable) Signature By signing and submitting this form to the Ohio Secretary of State, the undersigned hereby certifies that he or she has the requisite authority to execute this document. Last Revised: 10/2024 Form 700 Page 3 of 3 Required Must be signed by an authorized representative. By (if applicable) Brian Hylander Print Name Brian Hylander Signature

DOC ID ---- > 202509301280 Signature AFFIDAVIT Complete the information in this section. In lieu of releases from various governmental authorities. State of on this date YYY) Today's Date (MM/DD/Y NOTARY SEAL Name of Corporation The undersigned being duly sworn, declares that on the dates indicated below, each of the named state agencies was advised in writing of the scheduled effective date of the conversion and was advised in writing of the acknowledgment by the corporation of the applicability of the provisions of Ohio Revised Code section 1701.95 or 1702.55, or if section 1703.17(D) applies, that the conversion does not relieve the corporation of liability, if any, for payment of the taxes and contributions described in Ohio Revised Code sections 1703.17(C)(1), (2), and (3). Each constituent corporation acknowledges that the conversion does not in and of itself automatically relieve the corporation from payment of tax liabilities. DPL Inc. Title VP, General Counsel and Secretary Brian Hylander Name 1065 Woodman Drive Mailing Address Dayton City Ohio State 45432 ZIP Code Ohio County of Montgomery Sworn to or affirmed and subscribed before me by Brian Hylander Name of person making oath or affirmation Agency Date Notified Ohio Job & Family Services (MM/DD/YYYY) P.O. Box 182404 03/28/2025 Columbus, OH 43218 - 2404 Agency Date Notified Ohio Bureau of Workers' (MM/DD/YYYY) Compensation 03/28/2025 30 W. Spring Street Columbus, Ohio 43215 * Only required for domestic for - profit corporations Agency Date Notified The corporation is not required to pay or the department of taxation has not assessed any personal property tax. Ohio Department of Taxation (MM/DD/YYYY) Taxpayer Services/Tax Release Unit 03/31/2025 P.O. Box 182382 Columbus, OH 43218 - 2382 * If the converted entity is not a domestic corporation or foreign corporation to be licensed in Ohio, then each for - profit domestic constituent corporation has submitted the prescribed form to the Ohio Department of Taxation . Notary Publics Signature July 23, 2027 Notarial Act Performed by Audio visual commu E n xp ic ira a ti t o i n o D n ate of Notarys Commission (MM/DD/YYYY) Note : This affidavit must be signed by the person executing the certificate or by an officer of the corporation. eSigned by Black Knight EXP - DocVerify: 2025 - 04 - 01 16:43:19 ED 5258808:29933148:37211624 Brian Hylander 04/01/2025 eSigned by Black Knight EXP - DocVerify: 2025 - 04 - 01 16:43:41 EDT 5258808:29933148:205097 Form 700 Page 5 of 8 Last Revised: 10/2024

DOC ID ---- > 202509301280 State of County of Name of Corporation County County County AFFIDAVIT OF PERSONAL PROPERTY of Sworn to or affirmed and subscribed before me by on this date NOTARY SEAL Signature Ohio Montgomery Brian Hylander Name of Officer VP, General Counsel, and Secretary Title of Officer DPL Inc. and that this affidavit is made in compliance with Ohio Revised Code Section 1701.86(I) That above - named corporation: (Check one (1) of the following) Has no personal property in any county in Ohio Is the type required to pay personal property taxes to state authorities only Has personal property in the following county (ies) 04/01/2025 Today's Date (MM/DD/YYYY) Title VP, General Counsel and Secretary Brian Hylander Name of person making oath or affirmation Notary Publics Signature July 23, 2027 Expiration Date of Notarys Commission (MM/DD/YYYY) Notarial Act Performed by Audio visual communication 5258808:29933148:37211626 eSigned by Black Knight EXP - DocVerify: 2025 - 04 - 01 16:43:24 ED Brian Hylander eSigned by Black Knight EXP - DocVerify: 2025 - 04 - 01 16:43:46 EDT 5258808:29933148:205099 Form 700 Page 6 of 8 Last Revised: 10/2024
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dplinccom-20250403.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dplinccom-20250403_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dplinccom-20250403_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>image_004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>image_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>image_006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>image_007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>image_008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>image_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 03, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 1-9052

Entity Registrant Name DPL LLC

Entity Central Index Key 0000787250

Entity Tax Identification Number 31-1163136

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code OH

Entity Address, Address Line One 1065 Woodman Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Dayton

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 45432

City Area Code 937

Local Phone Number 259-7215

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://dplinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dp227257_8k-dplllc.htm 
dplinccom-20250403.xsd 
dplinccom-20250403_lab.xml 
dplinccom-20250403_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>0000950103-25-004418-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>dp227257_8k-dplllc_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000787250 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0000787250 
8-K 
2025-04-03 
1-9052 
DPL LLC 
OH 
31-1163136 
1065 Woodman Drive 
Dayton 
OH 
45432 
937 
259-7215 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>