<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000708781-25-000004.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0000708781-25-000004.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124163151
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000708781-25-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CASS INFORMATION SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000708781
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				431265338
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20827
		FILM NUMBER:		25554601

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12444 POWERSCOURT DRIVE
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-506-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12444 POWERSCOURT DRIVE
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63131

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CASS COMMERCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950518
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cass-20250121.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?cass-20250121

0000708781FALSE--12-3100007087812025-01-212025-01-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

______________________

FORM 8-K

______________________

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): January 21, 2025

______________________

CASS INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

______________________

Missouri 000-20827 43-1265338

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

12444 Powerscourt Drive, Suite 550

St. Louis, Missouri 63131

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(314) 506-5500

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

______________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share CASS Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02.Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 23, 2025, each of the named executive officers of Cass Information Systems, Inc. (the Company) received grants of restricted stock units (RSUs) in accordance with the terms of the Companys existing long-term incentive compensation (LTIC) program. The RSUs were awarded pursuant to the Companys 2023 Omnibus Stock and Performance Compensation Plan (the Omnibus Plan). The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company recommended to the Board for approval, and the Board approved, the grants of RSUs. 

The Companys proxy statement for the 2024 annual meeting of shareholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2024 includes a general discussion of the Companys LTIC program, including information relating to the value of target LTIC awards for each named executive officer, determination of time- and performance-based awards granted, and the financial performance targets and metrics applicable to performance-based awards. The 2025 LTIC grants of RSUs to the named executive officers were made in accordance with this existing LTIC program framework as previously disclosed, but were made in the form of RSUs rather than restricted stock in consultation with the Companys compensation consultant. 

In 2025, the LTIC awards for each named executive officer are as follows:

Name Target Number of Time-Based RSUs (40% of overall award) Target Number of Performance-Based RSUs (60% of overall award)

Martin H. Resch, President and Chief Executive Officer 8,303 12,455 

Michael J. Normile, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2,419 3,628 

James M. Cavellier, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer 2,246 3,369 

Matthew S. Schuckman, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary 2,003 3,005 

Dwight D. Erdbruegger, President Cass Commercial Bank 2,365 3,548 

Eric H. Brunngraber, Executive Chairman 5,422 8,133 

Both the time-based RSUs and the performance-based RSUs cliff vest three years from the grant date, provided the holder is employed or serving as a director through the vesting date, and subject to the terms and conditions of the awards. The number of performance-based RSUs that will ultimately be earned and vest will vary in an amount from 0% to 150% of the target amount awarded based on the achievement of pre-established financial performance goals over the prospective three-year performance period from the date of grant. RSUs are settled in shares of common stock and have no voting rights. With respect to time-based RSUs, dividend equivalents accumulate over the restriction period and will be paid upon vesting. There are no dividends paid or accrued on unearned performance-based RSUs until such time the awards are earned and settled.

Vesting of both the time- and performance-based RSUs is accelerated, in certain circumstances, upon termination of employment or Board service as a result of death, disability, or a change in control. Recipients who meet certain service and retirement qualifications remain eligible to receive time- and performance-based RSUs, in accordance with the terms of the Award Agreement, regardless of employment or service on the Board through the vesting date. 

The terms of the 2025 RSU awards are set forth in a Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement) entered into with each named executive officer, the form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

2

Item 5.03.Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On January 21, 2025, the Board approved and adopted the Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (as so amended, the Bylaws). The amendments include the following principal changes:

Declassification of the Board. The current Board is divided into three classes. Prior to the adoption of the amended Bylaws, each director was elected for a three-year term, and the term of each class of directors expired in successive years. The amended Bylaws work to declassify the Board as directors terms expire as follows: each director elected at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders will be elected for a one-year term expiring at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders; each director elected at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders will be elected for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders; and at the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders and at each annual meeting of shareholders thereafter, all directors will be elected for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of shareholders. 

Advance Notice Shareholder Proposals. The amendments modify the existing advance notice disclosure requirements contained in the Bylaws to require that a shareholder proposing business for consideration at an annual meeting must provide (i) certain additional information about the shareholder and, if applicable, the beneficial owner on whose behalf the behalf the business is submitted, and any interest such shareholder or owner has in the business submitted; (ii) the text of the proposal or business to be presented; (iii) information required to be provided pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act); and (iv) certain representations as to whether the submitting shareholder or beneficial owner is part of a group that intends to deliver or solicit proxies from the requisite number of shareholders to adopt the proposal or pass the business submitted for consideration. 

Advance Notice Shareholder Nominees for Director. The amendments add a provision to clarify and expand the advance notice requirements for a shareholder nominating a candidate or candidates for election as director of the Company. The Bylaws require that such nominations by a shareholder be made pursuant to a notice delivered to the Secretary of the Company not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, or as otherwise noted if the annual meeting date has changed by more than 30 days before or after such anniversary date or in the case of a special meeting. The notice must set forth, among other matters, (a) as to each nominee, (i) all information relating to the nominee that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act; (ii) the class and number of shares of the Company that are beneficially owned by the nominee; and (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the shareholder and each nominee and any other person or persons pursuant to which the nominations are to be made; and (b) as to such shareholder, (i) the name and address of such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made; and (ii) the class and number of shares of the Company that are beneficially owned by such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, and any material interest of such shareholder and owner. The chairperson of the meeting may, if the facts warrant, determine that a nomination was not made in accordance with the Bylaws and declare that the defective nomination shall be disregarded.

Conduct of Nominations and Proposals by Shareholders. The amendments to the Bylaws also clarify that if a shareholder submitting a notice for proposed business or director nominee (or a qualified representative of the shareholder) does not appear at the meeting of shareholders to present a nomination or business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted. In addition, a shareholder submitting notice of proposed business or a director nominee must also comply with all applicable Exchange Act requirements, and nothing in the Bylaws affects the rights of a shareholder to request inclusion of a proposal in the Companys proxy statement under Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 

The foregoing description of the Bylaws, as amended, is qualified in its entirety by the Bylaws, which are attached in full as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01.Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number Description

3.1 

Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cass Information Systems. Inc. 

10.1 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for employees

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 24, 2025

CASS INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC.

By: /s/ Martin H. Resch

Name: Martin H. Resch

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

By: /s/ Michael J. Normile

Name: Michael J. Normile

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
cisbylaws3rdamendedandre

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS of CASS INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC. (the "Corporation") ARTICLE I Offices Section 1.1 Principal Office: The principal office of the Corporation shall be located at such place either within or without the State of Missouri as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. The Corporation may have such other offices, either within or without the State of Missouri, as the business of the Corporation may require from time to time. Section 1.2 Registered Office: The location of the registered office of the Corporation and the name of the Corporation's registered agent in the State of Missouri shall be as determined from time to time by the Board of Directors, and as filed in the manner provided by law. ARTICLE II Shareholders Section 2.1 Annual Meeting: The annual meeting of the shareholders shall be held each year on the third Tuesday in April, or at such other date and hour fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors for the purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of such other proper business as may come before the meeting. Section 2.2 Special Meetings: Special meetings of the shareholders may be called at any time by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or by the Board of Directors by giving notice thereof in the manner hereafter provided. The business to be conducted at a special meeting is limited to the purpose or purposes specified in the written notice of such meeting. Section 2.3 Place of Meeting: The Board of Directors may designate any place, either within or without the State of Missouri, as the place of meeting for any annual meeting of the shareholders or for any special meeting of the shareholders called by the Board of Directors. If no designation is made, or if a special meeting be otherwise called, the place of meeting shall be the principal office of the Corporation. Section 2.4 Notice of Meetings: Written or printed notice stating the place, day and hour of the meeting and, in case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be delivered either personally or by mail, by or at the direction of the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Secretary, or the persons calling the meeting, to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting, not less than ten nor more than 70 days 

before the date of the meeting, unless, as to a particular matter, other or further notice is required by law, in which case such other or further notice shall be given. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the shareholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. Section 2.5 Closing of Transfer Books or Fixing of Record Date: The Board of Directors of the Corporation may close its stock transfer books for a period not exceeding 70 days preceding the date of any meeting of shareholders, or the date for the payment of any dividend or for the allotment of rights, or the date when any change, exchange or conversion of shares shall be effective; or, in lieu of closing the stock transfer books and to the extent permitted by the Bylaws, the Board of Directors may fix in advance a date, not exceeding 70 days preceding the date of any meeting of shareholders, or the date for the payment of any dividend, or for the allotment of rights, or the date when any change, exchange or conversion of shares shall be effective, as the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, any such meeting and any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any such dividend or any such allotment of rights, or entitled to exercise rights in respect of any such change, exchange or conversion of shares; and only the shareholders of record on such date of closing the transfer books, or on the record date so fixed, shall be the shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting, and any adjournment thereof, or to receive payment of such dividend, or to receive such allotment of rights, or to exercise such rights, in the event of an exchange, change or conversion of shares, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of shares on the books of the Corporation after the date of closing of the transfer books or the record date fixed as aforesaid. If the Board of Directors shall not have closed the transfer books or set a record date for the determination of its shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at a meeting of the shareholders, only the shareholders who are shareholders of record at the close of business on the 20th day preceding the date of the meeting shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the meeting, and any adjournment thereof, except as otherwise provided by statute. Section 2.6 Voting Lists: At least ten days before each meeting of shareholders, the officer or agent having charge of the transfer book for shares of the Corporation shall make a complete list of the shareholders entitled to vote at such meeting, arranged in alphabetical order with the address of and the number of shares held by each, which list, for a period of ten days prior to such meeting, shall be kept on file at the registered office of the Corporation and shall be subject to inspection by any shareholder at any time during usual business hours. Such list shall also be produced and kept open at the time and place of the meeting and shall be subject to the inspection of any shareholder during the whole time of the meeting. The original share ledger or transfer book, or a duplicate thereof kept in the State of Missouri, shall be prima facie evidence as to who are the shareholders entitled to examine such list or share ledger or transfer book or to vote at any meeting of shareholders. Section 2.7 Quorum: A majority of the outstanding shares of the Corporation, entitled to vote at any meeting, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at any meeting of the shareholders; provided, however, that if less than a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote are represented at said meeting, a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting, from time to time, without further notice, to a specified date not longer than 90 days after such adjournment. Every decision of a majority of such quorum shall be valid as a corporate act unless a larger vote is required by law. 

Section 2.8 Proxies: At all meetings of shareholders, a shareholder may vote by proxy executed in writing by the shareholder or by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact. Such proxy shall be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation before or at the time of the meeting. No proxy shall be valid after eleven months from the date of its execution, unless otherwise provided in the proxy. Section 2.9 Voting of Shares: Except as otherwise required by applicable law, or as otherwise provided herein or in the Articles of Incorporation, each outstanding share of capital stock entitled to vote shall be entitled to one vote upon each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders. Section 2.10 Voting of Shares by Certain Holders: Shares standing in the name of another corporation, domestic or foreign, may be voted by such officer, agent, or proxy as the bylaws of such corporation may prescribe, or, in the absence of such provision, as the board of directors of such corporation may determine. Shares standing in the name of a deceased person may be voted by his administrator or executor, either in person or by proxy. Shares standing in the name of a guardian, curator, or trustee may be voted by such fiduciary, either in person or by proxy, but no guardian, curator, or trustee shall be entitled, as such fiduciary, to vote shares held by him without a transfer of such shares into his name. Shares standing in the name of a receiver may be voted by such receiver, and shares held by or under the control of a receiver may be voted by such receiver without the transfer thereof into his name if authority so to do be contained in an appropriate order of the court by which such receiver was appointed. A shareholder whose shares are pledged shall be entitled to vote such shares until the shares have been transferred into the name of the pledgee, and thereafter the pledgee shall be entitled to vote the shares so transferred. Section 2.11 No Cumulative Voting: In all elections of directors of the Corporation, each share shall be entitled to one vote as to each director to be elected and no shareholder shall have the right to cast votes in the aggregate or to cumulate his or her votes for the election of any director, and cumulative voting of shares in elections of directors is hereby specifically negated. Section 2.12 Actions of Shareholders Without a Meeting: Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting if consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by all the shareholders entitled to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof. Such consents shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the shareholders at a meeting duly held, and may be stated as such in any certificate or document filed under the laws of Missouri pertaining to business Corporations. The Secretary shall file such consents with the minutes of the meetings of the shareholders. Section 2.13 Advance Notice of Shareholder Proposals: At any special meeting of the shareholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors. At an annual meeting of the shareholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be: (a) specified in 

the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a shareholder. For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a shareholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; provided, however, that if the date of the meeting is changed by more than 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure was made, whichever comes first. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment or postponement of a shareholders meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a shareholders notice as described above. A shareholders notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting: (a) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (b) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of the shareholder proposing such business, and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made; (c) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws of the Corporation, the language of the proposed amendment); (d) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by the shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; (e) any material interest of the shareholder or the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, in such business; (f) any other information that is required to be provided by the shareholder pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor thereto) (the Exchange Act) in such shareholders capacity as a proponent of a shareholder proposal; (g) a representation that the shareholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business; and (h) a representation whether the shareholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (1) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or (2) otherwise to solicit proxies from shareholders in support of such proposal. The foregoing notice requirements shall be deemed satisfied by a shareholder if the shareholder has notified the Corporation of his or her intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) promulgated under the Exchange Act and such shareholders proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. Notwithstanding anything in the Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.13. The Chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts wan-ant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.13, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 

Section 2.14 Notice of Shareholder Nominee. Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this paragraph shall be eligible for election by the shareholders as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a meeting of shareholders (a) by or at the direction of the Board, or (b) provided that the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any shareholder of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors at such meeting who complies with the procedures set forth in this paragraph. Such nominations by any shareholder shall be made pursuant to timely notice in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation in accordance with this paragraph. To be timely, a shareholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; provided, however, that if the date of the meeting is changed by more than 30 days before or after such anniversary date, or in the event of a special meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of electing directors, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment or postponement of a shareholders meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a shareholders notice as described above. To be in proper written form, such shareholders notice to the Secretary shall set forth in writing (a) as to each person whom such shareholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director, all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as director if elected as well as (i) such persons name, age, business address and residence address, (ii) his or her principal occupation or employment, (iii) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are beneficially owned by such person, and (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the shareholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the shareholder; and (b) as to such shareholder (i) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporations books, of such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, and (ii) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, and any material interest of such shareholder and owner. At the request of the Board of Directors, any person nominated by the Board for election as a director shall furnish to the Secretary of the Corporation that information required to be set forth in a shareholders notice of nomination which pertains to the nominee. No person shall be eligible for election by the shareholders as a director unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Bylaws of the Corporation. The Chairperson of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the Bylaws of the Corporation, and if he or she shall so determine, he or she shall so declare at the meeting that the defective nomination shall be disregarded. Section 2.15 Public Disclosure; Conduct of Nominations and Proposals by Shareholders. 

(a) For purposes of these Bylaws, public disclosure shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Reuters or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed or furnished by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Sections 2.13 and 2.14, if the shareholder (or a qualified representative of the shareholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation to present a nomination or business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Sections 2.13 and 2.14, a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in Sections 2.13 and 2.14. Nothing in Sections 2.13 and 2.14 shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of shareholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors under specified circumstances pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation. ARTICLE III Directors Section 3.1 General Powers: The property, business and affairs of the Corporation shall be controlled and managed by its Board of Directors. Section 3.2 Number and Qualifications: The Board of Directors, by the affirmative vote of not less than 70 percent of the authorized number of directors at a meeting duly called and held, shall have the power to increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that no decrease in the number of directors shall operate to remove a director prior to the expiration of his term. Each director shall be a natural person at least 18 years old. A director need not be a shareholder, a citizen of the United States, or a resident of the State of Missouri. Section 3.3 Term and Election: Prior to the date of the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as practicable, taking into account increases or decreases in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors. Any director elected prior to the date of the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders will serve for a three-year term expiring on the date of the third annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation following the annual meeting of shareholders at which that director was elected. Each director elected at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders will be elected for a one-year term expiring at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. Each director elected at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders will be elected for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders. At the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders and at each annual meeting of shareholders thereafter, all directors will be elected for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of shareholders. Vacancies occurring in the Board of 

Directors, including vacancies due to an increase in the number of directors, may be filled by the directors then in office. Any director may succeed himself or herself. Section 3.4 Meeting of Newly Elected Board: The first meeting of each newly elected Board shall be at the regular meeting of the Board of Directors next occurring after the annual meeting of shareholders, without other notice than this Bylaw. Upon his election, each director shall qualify by accepting the office of director, and his attendance at, or his written approval of the minutes of, any meeting of the newly elected directors shall constitute his acceptance of such office, or he may execute such acceptance by a separate writing, which shall be placed in a minute book. Section 3.5 Regular Meetings: Regular meetings of the Board may be held without other notice than this Bylaw at such times and places either within or without the State of Missouri as shall from time to time be fixed by resolution adopted by the full Board of Directors. Any business may be transacted at a regular meeting. Section 3.6 Special Meetings: Special Meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or any two or more of the directors, by giving notice thereof in the manner hereinafter provided. The person or persons calling such meeting may fix any place either within or without the State of Missouri as the place for holding such special meeting. Section 3.7 Notice: Notice of any special meeting, stating the place, date and time of the meeting shall be given at least three business days previously thereto by written notice delivered to each director either personally or by mail or telegram to his residence or usual place of business; provided, however, that if the designated meeting place is without the State of Missouri, an additional three days' notice shall be given. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid; provided, that if the place of mailing is without the State of Missouri, the notice shall be deemed to be delivered on the second business day after such deposit. If notice be given by telegram, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when the telegram is delivered to the telegraph company. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice of such meeting. Section 3.8 Quorum: A majority of the full Board of Directors from time to time constituted shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, provided that if less than a majority of the directors are present at said meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time to a specified date not longer than 30 days from the last adjournment without further notice. Section 3.9 Manner of Acting: The act of the majority of the directors present at a meeting of the directors at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. Members of the Board of Directors, or of any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board or committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment whereby all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting in this manner shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

Section 3.10 Vacancies: Vacancies on the Board of Directors and newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, until the election of directors at the next annual meeting of the shareholders; except that, so long as directors are elected by class pursuant to Section 3.3 of these Bylaws, a director elected by the Board of Directors pursuant to this section to fill a vacancy or to a newly created directorship need not be presented for election by shareholders until the class to which the director has been so elected by the Board of Directors is presented for election by the shareholders. Section 3.11 Actions of Board of Directors Without A Meeting: Any action which is required to be or may be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, are signed by all of the directors or committee members, as the case may be. The consents shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote at a meeting duly held, and may be stated as such in any certificate or document under the laws of Missouri pertaining to business corporations. The secretary shall file the consents with the minutes of the meetings of the board of directors or committee, as the case may be. Section 3.12 Executive Committee: The Board of Directors by resolution adopted by a majority of the whole Board may designate two or more directors to constitute an Executive Committee, which Committee shall meet at frequent or regular intervals as determined by resolutions from time to time adopted by the Board, and shall have and exercise, to the extent provided in such resolutions, all of the authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the Corporation; provided, however, that: (i) the Executive Committee shall report all of its decisions and actions to the Board of Directors at the next meeting of the Board of Directors thereafter occurring; (ii) the Executive Committee shall at all times be subject to the general supervision and control of the Board of Directors; (iii) members of such Committee may be removed, and new members appointed, at any time by the majority vote of the whole Board; and (iv) the designation of such Committee and the delegation thereto of the authority herein provided shall not operate to relieve the Board of Directors, or any member thereof, of any responsibility imposed upon such Board, or upon any individual member thereof, by law. Section 3.13 Attendance: Whenever a Director shall fail to attend the regular monthly meetings of the Board of Directors, or shall fail to perform the duties devolved upon him as such Director, for three successive meetings, without being excused by the Board, he shall cease to be a Director and his office shall be vacant, but he shall not be disqualified from thereafter being eligible for re-election to the Board, provided the Board of Directors, in its discretion, shall not declare him ineligible. Section 3.14 Removal of Director: Directors may be removed from office only for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 75 percent of the outstanding shares entitled to vote or by 70 percent of the authorized number of Directors other than the Director to be removed. 

ARTICLE IV Officers Section 4.1 Number: The officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Secretary, and such other officers as may be elected in accordance with the provisions of this Article. The Board of Directors, by resolution, may also elect as officers a Chairperson of the Board, a Treasurer, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries and such other officers as the Board of Directors may from time to time deem advisable and appoint by resolution. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person, except the offices of President and Secretary. All officers and other agents of the Corporation, as between themselves and the Corporation, shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the property and affairs of the Corporation as may be provided herein, or, in the absence of such provision, as may be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. Section 4.2 Election and Term of Office: The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the first meeting of the Board of Directors held after each annual meeting of shareholders. If the election of officers shall not be held at such meeting, such election shall be held as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. Vacancies may be filled or new offices created and filled at any meeting of the Board of Directors. Each officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified or until his death or until he shall resign or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter provided. Section 4.3 Removal: Any officer or agent elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed by the Board of Directors with or without cause, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Removal shall be effected automatically by the election of a successor to such office or position. Section 4.4 Vacancies: A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors for the unexpired portion of the term. Section 4.5 Chief Executive Officer: The powers of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall be vested in the Chairperson of the Board when designated by the Board of Directors as the Chief Executive Officer. If there shall not be a Chief Executive Officer designated by the Board of Directors, the powers of the chief executive officer shall be vested in the President. The offices of Chief Executive Officer and President may be held by the same person. If the offices of Chief Executive Officer and the President are held by the same person, such person need not be the Chairperson of the Board. If the powers of the Chief Executive Officer shall be vested solely in the Chairperson of the Board, the President shall be subordinate only to the Chairperson of the Board and shall be the chief operating officer of the Corporation and shall be in 

charge of, and exercise general supervisory control over, all operating phases and departments of the Corporation and the President need then not be a member of the Board of Directors. The Chairperson of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and of the Board of Directors, unless as otherwise directed by the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation may execute, either alone or with any other proper officer thereunto authorized by the Board of Directors, deeds, mortgages, bonds, notes, contracts, or any other instruments for and in the name of the Corporation, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed. The Chief Executive Officer shall also, unless the Board otherwise provides, be ex officio a member of all standing committees. In general, the Chief Executive Officer shall perform all duties usually vested in the Chief Executive Officer of a Corporation and such other duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the Board of Directors. Section 4.6 Vice President: One or more Vice Presidents may be elected, and one or more of such Vice Presidents may be designated by the Board of Directors as Executive Vice Presidents. The Vice Presidents shall perform such duties as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee. Section 4.7 Treasurer: If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall give a bond for the faithful discharge of his duties in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the Board of Directors shall determine. He shall have charge and custody of and be responsible for all funds and securities of the Corporation; receive and give receipts for moneys due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit all such moneys in the name of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as shall be selected in accordance with the provisions of Article V of these Bylaws; keep or cause to be kept all books of account and accounting records of the Corporation; and in general perform all the duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee. Section 4.8 Secretary: The Secretary shall keep the minutes of the shareholders' and the Board of Directors' meetings in one or more books provided for that purpose; see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law; be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation and see that the seal of the Corporation is affixed to all certificates for shares prior to the issue thereof and to all documents, the execution of which on behalf of the Corporation under its seal is duly authorized in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws; keep a register of the post office address of each shareholder which shall be furnished to the Secretary by such shareholder; sign with the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, President, or a Vice President, certificates for shares of the Corporation, the issue of which shall have been authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors; have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation; and in general perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors or by the Executive Committee. 

Section 4.9 Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries: The Assistant Treasurers, if any, shall respectively, if required by the Board of Directors, give bonds for the faithful discharge of their duties in such sums and with such sureties as the Board of Directors shall determine. The Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries, if any, shall perform the duties of the Treasurer and Secretary respectively, in their absence, and shall perform such other duties as shall be assigned to them by the Treasurer or the Secretary, respectively, or by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee. Section 4.10 Salaries: The salaries of the officers of the Corporation shall be established from time to time in such manner as directed by the Board of Directors, and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such salary by reason of the fact that he is also a Director of the Corporation. ARTICLE V Contracts, Loans, Checks and Deposits Section 5.1 Contracts: The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Section 5.2 Loans: No loans shall be contracted on behalf of the Corporation and no evidences of indebtedness shall be issued in its name unless authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Section 5.3 Checks, Notes, etc.: All checks or other orders for the payment of money, and all notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation, shall be signed by the Chief Executive Officer or by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the Corporation and in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. Funds not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board of Directors may select. ARTICLE VI Certificates for Shares and Their Transfer Section 6.1 Certificates for Shares: The shares of the Corporation's stock may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under Missouri law, and shall be entered in the books of the Corporation and registered as they are issued. Any certificates representing shares of the Corporation shall be in such form as may be determined by the Board of Directors. Such certificates shall be signed by the Chief Executive Officer or President or Vice President and by the Secretary or Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary or Treasurer, and shall be sealed with the seal of the Corporation. All certificates for shares shall be consecutively numbered. The name of the person owning the shares represented thereby with the number of shares and date of issue shall be entered on the books of the Corporation. All certificates surrendered to the Corporation for transfer shall be cancelled and no new certificate shall be issued until the former certificate 

for a like number of shares shall have been surrendered and cancelled except that in case of a lost, destroyed or mutilated certificate a new one may be issued therefor upon such terms and indemnity to the Corporation as the Board of Directors may prescribe. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice that shall set forth the name of the Corporation, the name of the shareholder, the number and class (and the designation of the series, if any) of the shares represented, and any restrictions on the transfer or registration of such shares of stock imposed by the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws, any agreement among shareholders or any agreement between shareholders and the Corporation. Section 6.2 Transfers of Shares: Transfers of shares of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary of the Corporation. The person in whose name shares stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation. ARTICLE VII Fiscal Year Section 7.1 Fiscal Year: The first fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by the filing of the first Federal income tax return of the Corporation. Thereafter, each fiscal year shall end on December 31 until changed by resolution of the Board of Directors. ARTICLE VIII Dividends Section 8.1 Dividends: The Board of Directors may from time to time declare, and the Corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares in the manner and upon the terms and conditions provided by law and its Articles of Incorporation. ARTICLE IX Seal Section 9.1 Seal: The Board of Directors may elect to adopt a corporate seal, which, if one is adopted, shall be printed or engraved, or a facsimile thereof. ARTICLE X Indemnification Section 10.1 Indemnification of Officers and Directors Against Third-Party Lawsuits: The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation, by reason of the fact that such person (i) is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or (ii) is 

or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise while a director or officer of the Corporation, against expenses, including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Section 10.2 Indemnification of Officers and Directors Against Derivative Lawsuits: The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person (i) is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or (ii) is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise while a director or officer of the Corporation, against expenses, including attorneys' fees, and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his or her duty to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability and in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the court shall deem proper. Section 10.3 Discretionary Indemnification of Employees: The Board of Directors of the Corporation may extend, on a case-by-case basis, the indemnification provided in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Article to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation other than a director or officer of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Corporation shall be obligated to indemnify against expenses, including attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred by an employee or agent as a result of an action, suit or proceeding (described in paragraphs 1 or 2 of this Article) to the extent said employee or agent has successfully defended such action, suit or proceeding on the merits or otherwise. Section 10.4 Determination of Indemnitee's Compliance with Standard of Conduct: Any indemnification under Sections 1, 2 and 3 of this Article, unless ordered by a court, shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the foregoing Sections. The 

determination shall be made by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding, or if such a quorum is not obtainable, or even if obtainable if a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or by the shareholders. Section 10.5 Advance Payment of Expenses: Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding as authorized by the Board of Directors in the specific case upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount unless it shall ultimately be determined that he is entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article. Section 10.6 Survival of Indemnification: The indemnification provided by this Article shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. The indemnification provided hereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification may be otherwise legally entitled. Section 10.7 Power to Grant Further Indemnity: The Corporation shall have the power to give any further indemnity, in addition to the indemnity authorized or contemplated under other sections of this Article, to any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent, or to any person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise; Il provided, however, that such further indemnity is either (i) authorized, directed or provided for in the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, or any duly adopted amendment thereof or (ii) is authorized, directed or provided for in any Bylaw or agreement of the Corporation which has been adopted by a vote of the shareholders of the Corporation, and provided further that no such indemnity shall indemnify any person from or on account of such person's conduct which was finally adjudged to have been knowingly fraudulent, deliberately dishonest or willful misconduct. Nothing in this section shall be deemed to limit the power of the Corporation to enact bylaws or to enter into agreements without shareholder approval of the same. Section 10.8 Insurance on Indemnitees: In order to satisfy its obligations hereunder, the Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation and who is indemnified against liabilities under the provisions of this Article. Section 10.9 Definitions: For the purpose of this Article, references to "the Corporation" include all constituent corporations absorbed in a consolidation or merger as well as this Corporation, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such a constituent corporation or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article with respect to this Corporation as he would if he had served this Corporation in the same capacity. For purposes of this Article, the term "other enterprise" shall include employee benefit plans; the term "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an 

employee benefit plan; and the term "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article. Section 10.10 Limitation on Indemnification: No indemnification shall be provided under this Article X if such indemnification is prohibited by any applicable bank or bank holding company law or regulation. ARTICLE XI Waiver of Notice Section 11.1 Waiver of Notice: Whenever any notice whatever is required to be given under the provisions of these Bylaws or the Articles of Incorporation or any law, a written waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Attendance at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of the meeting except where such attendance is for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. ARTICLE XII Amendments Section 12.1 Amendments: These Bylaws may be amended or repealed as provided in the Articles of Incorporation. No amendment which effects a change of the time or place for the election of directors shall operate to reduce the length of a director's term of office by more than 60 days. ARTICLE XIII Protection to Public Shareholders in Certain Defined Instances Section 13.1 Protection to Public, Shareholders in Certain Defined Instances: For purposes of this Article, the term "Related Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, trust, association or other organization or entity (including any group formed for the purpose of acquiring, voting or holding securities of the Corporation) which by itself or together with its affiliates and associates either directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, owns, beneficially or of record, or controls by agreement, voting trust or otherwise, 20 percent or more of the voting power of the stock of the Corporation, and such term also includes any corporation, partnership, trust, association or other organization or entity in which one or more Related Persons have the power, through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or 

otherwise, to influence significantly any of the management, activities or policies of such Corporation, partnership, trust, association, other organization or entity. The purpose of this Article is to provide minimum safeguards for the Corporation's public shareholders in the event a Related Person wishes to accomplish a merger or consolidation involving the Corporation, or the sale of the Corporation's assets. The Board of Directors believes that frequently the terms of such a merger, consolidation or purchase do not reflect arms' length bargaining because one dominant influence controls both sides of the negotiations. The fact that the bulk of the remaining shareholders may be solicited by the acquiring Related Person in connection with such a business combination or sale does not assure those shareholders that the terms of such a combination (i.e., what they will receive for their shares of the Corporation) will be fair to them, or that they can effectively prevent its accomplishment. The statutory right of the remaining public shareholders of the Corporation to dissent and to have their shares "appraised" and to receive the value of their shares in cash is not always adequate because the appraisal standard to be applied under the laws of Missouri (the Corporation's state of incorporation) does not take into account the benefit of the proposed merger or consolidation to the surviving combined entity and may not recognize the adverse influence of the acquiring Related Person's substantial stock ownership on the market value of the shares in the hands of the public. Accordingly, it is hereby provided that during the period of time any Related Person is the beneficial owner of 20 percent or more of the voting shares of the Corporation, and there is submitted to the shareholders of the Corporation any plan of merger or other business combination or any proposal for the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, the following shall occur: A copy of this Article shall be furnished by the Corporation to each shareholder of the Corporation at the time such plan or proposal is submitted to the shareholders, and the holders of shares in the Corporation who do not vote their shares in favor of such plan or proposal shall be entitled to receive from the Corporation cash in such amount as shall equal the "Redemption Price" for their shares. The "Redemption Price" shall be the greater of: (i) the highest price, including any commissions paid to brokers or dealers, at which any voting shares of the Corporation held by the Related Person were acquired at any time pursuant to a tender offer or in any market purchase (including privately negotiated transactions) or otherwise within 24 months prior to the date of such transmittal to shareholders of this Article; or (ii) the highest sales price in which any voting shares of the Corporation were traded on the market during the 24 months preceding the date of such transmittal of this Article. In no event, however, shall the Redemption Price be less than the shareholders' equity per share as reflected in any report prepared by the Corporation as at the end of the Corporation's last fiscal quarter preceding the date of such transmittal of this Article to shareholders. The payment of such Redemption Price shall be made in cash on or before the date such merger or other business combination or sale of assets shall be effected. Notwithstanding the provisions herein above set forth, the Corporation shall not redeem any of its own voting shares when the capital of the Corporation is impaired or when such redemption would cause any impairment of the capital of the Corporation in violation of Missouri law. 

ARTICLE XIV Certain Repurchases of Shares of Stock by the Corporation Section 14.1 Certain Repurchases of Shares of Stock by the Corporation: For purposes of this Article, (i) the term "Controlling Person" means any individual, Corporation, partnership, trust, association or other organization or entity (including any group formed for the purpose of acquiring, voting or holding securities of the Corporation) which either directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, owns, beneficially or of record, or controls by agreement, voting trust or otherwise, at least 5% of the voting power of the stock of the Corporation, and such term also includes any Corporation, partnership, trust, association or other organization or entity in which one or more Controlling Persons have the power, through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise, to influence significantly any of the management, activities or policies of such Corporation, partnership, trust, association, other organization or entity, and (ii) the term "Disinterested Shareholders" means those holders of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on any matter, none of which is a Controlling Person. Except as otherwise provided in this Article, no purchase by the Corporation from any Controlling Person of any shares of stock of the Corporation owned by such Controlling Person shall be made at a price exceeding the average price paid by such Controlling Person for all shares of stock of the Corporation acquired by such Controlling Person during the 24 months preceding the date of such proposed purchase unless such purchase is approved by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock of the Corporation held by Disinterested Shareholders. The provisions of this Article shall not apply to (i) any offer to purchase made by the Corporation which is made on the same terms and conditions to the holders of all shares of stock of the Corporation, (ii) any purchase by the Corporation of shares owned by a Controlling Person occurring after the end of 24 months following the date of the Last acquisition by such Controlling Person of stock of the Corporation, (iii) any transaction which may be deemed to be a purchase by the Corporation of shares of its stock which is made in accordance with the terms of any stock option or other employee benefit plan now or hereafter maintained by the Corporation, or (iv) any purchase by the Corporation of shares of its stock at prevailing market prices pursuant to a stock repurchase program. Adopted effective January 21, 2025.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
restrictedstockunitaward

Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement.docx CASS INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC. 2023 OMNIBUS STOCK AND PERFORMANCE COMPENSATION PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT (RSU) AWARD AGREEMENT Participant Name: Date of Award: Number of Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award: We are pleased to inform you that, as an employee of Cass Information Systems, Inc. (Cass or the Company) or one of its Subsidiaries, you are granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) under the Cass Information Systems, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Stock and Performance Compensation Plan (the Plan). Each RSU under this Award is equivalent to one share of Cass common stock (Stock), $0.50 par value per share. This Award Agreement is subject to your acceptance as provided in Section 1 below and the terms and conditions that follow in this Award Agreement. The date of the Award evidenced by this Award Agreement (the Date of Grant) is set forth above. The terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, including non-standard provisions permitted by the Plan, are set forth below. 1. Acceptance of Award. This Award Agreement is to be accepted by signing your name on the signature page of this Award Agreement and causing it to be delivered to the Secretary of Cass, 12444 Powerscourt Drive, Suite 550, St. Louis, MO 63131, before 4:30 p.m. Central time on the 30th day after the Date of Grant. If the Secretary does not receive your properly signed copy of this Award Agreement before the time and date specified in the previous sentence, then, despite anything else provided in this Award Agreement, this Award will be void as if it was never awarded to you and will be of no effect. Your signing and timely delivering of this Award Agreement will evidence your acceptance on the terms and conditions stated in this Award Agreement. 2. Vesting and Forfeiture of RSUs. a. Vesting of Time-Based RSUs. With respect to forty percent (40%) of your Award covering ___ RSUs (Time-Based RSUs) will fully vest on ______________ (Vesting Date), which is three years from the date of grant (Restriction Period); provided you remain employed or a member of the Board of Directors of Cass through the Vesting Date. The Time-Based RSUs will be settled as explained in Section 3 of this Award Agreement. b. Vesting of Performance-Based RSUs. With respect to sixty percent (60%) of your Award covering ___ Shares, (Performance-Based RSUs), such RSUs will vest on _______________ (Vesting Date) in an amount, if any, based on the achievement of the performance goals set forth in Section 2.b.(i)-(iv) below, provided you remain employed or a member of the Board of Directors of Cass through the Vesting Date. Any Performance-Based RSUs which do not become vested because of the failure to achieve these performance goals for the 

2 Performance Period or satisfaction of the employment or Board participation requirement shall be forfeited. i. The percentage of Performance-Based RSUs shall vest based on achievement of earnings per share (EPS) and return on equity (ROE) goals over the Performance Period described below, as indicated in the table below. Each factor will be weighted 50% in determining the total percentage of RSUs earned. Performance Period: Beginning ____________________ (Three Years) Ending ____________________ 50% Threshold 100% Target 150% Maximum Earnings per Share (EPS) $____ $____ $____ Return on Equity (ROE) __% __% __% ii. The percentage earned related to EPS goals shall be determined based on the cumulative EPS for the 3 year Performance Period. 100% will be earned if the Company achieves target performance, 50% shall be earned if the Company achieves threshold performance and a maximum of 150% of the RSUs shall be earned if the Company achieves maximum or better performance. Performance that falls between threshold and target or target and maximum performance shall be interpolated between the respective percentages. Any performance that falls below threshold will result in 0% earned attributable to EPS performance. iii. The percentage earned related to ROE goals shall be based on the average ROE measured by calculating the average of each of the calendar years annual average ROE calculations over the 3 year Performance Period. 100% will be earned if the Company achieves target performance, 50% shall be earned if the Company achieves threshold performance and a maximum of 150% of the RSUs will be earned if the Company achieves maximum or better performance. Performance that falls between threshold and target or target and maximum performance shall be interpolated between the respective percentages. Any performance that falls below threshold will result in 0% earned attributable to ROE performance. iv. A weighting of 50% will be applied to each of the percentages earned related to EPS and ROE performance to determine the total percentage earned. The number of RSUs earned will then be determined by taking the number of Performance-Based RSUs awarded, stated in Section 2.b., multiplied by the total percentage earned. Any resulting partial RSUs will be rounded to the nearest whole share. 

3 v. EPS and average ROE shall be determined based on generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and may be adjusted for extraordinary items as determined by the Companys Board of Directors. Extraordinary items shall mean extraordinary, unusual and/or non-recurring items, including but not limited to: restructuring or restructuring-related charges, gains or losses attributable to the disposition of a business or major asset, resolution and/or settlement of litigation and other legal proceedings or any other such income or expense related item that the Board of Directors has determined to be of an unusual or extraordinary nature. vi. Unless previously forfeited or transferred on account of your death, Total Disability or a Change of Control, the Restriction Period will end with respect to the applicable Performance-Based RSUs earned, as described in Sections 2.b (i) (v), and Cass shall deem the Performance-Based RSUs fully vested effective on the Vesting Date, which is three years from the date of grant, subject to the determination of performance results by the Board of Directors. In the event delays are experienced in determining the performance results beyond the Vesting Date, once such results are in fact determined, vesting shall occur retroactively back to the Vesting Date. Cass shall settle the RSUs as described in Section 3 of this Award Agreement. vii. If you satisfy conditions for Retirement described in Section 8, you will not be required to be employed with or a member of the Board of Directors of Cass on the Vesting Date set forth in Section 2(b) in order to receive Performance-Based RSUs which otherwise vest pursuant to Section 2(b). In the event you terminate employment or terminate participation as a member of the Board of Directors after qualifying for Retirement, you will be entitled to receive a pro rata portion of your otherwise vested Performance-Based RSUs determined pursuant to the following formula: (a) Number of Performance-Based RSUs eligible to vest on the Vesting Date multiplied by a fraction: (i) The numerator which shall be the number of days that have elapsed between the Award Date and the later of the Participants termination of employment or termination of participation as a member of the Board of Directors; and (ii) The denominator which shall be the total number of days contained in the Restriction Period. viii. In the event you qualify for Retirement as set forth in Section 8 while you remain employed or remain a member of the Board of Directors and die or suffer a Total Disability resulting in the termination of your employment or Board service, prior to the Vesting Date in Section 2(b), all outstanding Performance-Based RSUs shall vest in accordance with the normal terms of this Award Agreement as described in Section 2.b. and shall not be subject 

4 to the pro rata rule described in subjection (vii) above. In the case of your death, Cass shall deliver shares of Stock with respect to any RSUs that have vested to your Designated Beneficiary or as provided in Section 5.d. if a Beneficiary has not been designated, has died or cannot be located. ix. In the event you qualify for Retirement as set forth in Section 8 while you remain employed or remain a member of the Board of Directors and a Change of Control occurs resulting in the termination of your employment or Board service prior to the Vesting Date in Section 2(b), all outstanding Performance-Based RSUs will immediately vest at the Target Performance level. Cass shall deliver any shares of Stock with respect to the RSUs to the recipient as explained in Section 3 as if the Restriction Period has ended. 3. Issuance of Shares. RSUs shall mean a nonvoting unit of measurement which is deemed for bookkeeping purposes to be equivalent to one outstanding share of Cass common stock, $0.50 par value per share, solely for purposes of the Plan or this Award Agreement. The RSUs shall be used solely as a device for the determination of the number of shares of Stock to be issued as soon as reasonably practicable following your separation from service as an Employee or termination as a Board member. The RSUs shall not be treated as property or as a trust of any kind. RSUs shall be a bookkeeping entry subject to the restrictions of this Award Agreement until such time the RSUs have vested, as explained in Section 2. For purposes of this Award Agreement, separation from service shall have the meaning set forth under Section 409A of the Code. Any Performance-Based RSUs shall not be settled until such time that the Performance Period has ended and the Board of Directors have determined the performance results and number of RSUs earned, as described in Section 2.b. The delivery of shares of Stock in settlement of any RSUs in the event of a termination of employment or service on the Board of Directors upon Death, Total Disability or a Change of Control is set forth in Section 4 below. 4. Effect of Death, Total Disability or Change of Control. a. Time-Based RSUs. If you die while in the employment of Cass or its Subsidiaries or while you are a member of the Board of Cass, your Time-Based RSUs shall become immediately vested and Cass shall deliver the shares of Stock in settlement of the Time-Based RSUs subject to this Award Agreement to your Designated Beneficiary, or as provided in Section 5.d. if a Beneficiary has not been designated, has died, or cannot be located. Subsequently, such RSUs shall not be subject to forfeiture after your death. If you become Totally Disabled or a Change of Control occurs, in either case resulting in termination of your employment or termination of your service as a Board member while you are in the service of Cass or its Subsidiaries, your Time-Based RSUs shall become immediately vested and Cass shall deliver the shares of Stock in settlement of the Time-Based RSUs subject to this Award Agreement to you. Subsequently, such Stock shall not be subject to forfeiture after the occurrence of your Total Disability or a Change of Control 

5 occurs that results in termination of employment or termination as a Board member and such Stock shall be delivered in the same manner as provided in this Section 4. b. Performance-Based RSUs. If you die or become Totally Disabled resulting in a termination of your employment or service as a member of the Board of Cass while in the employment of Cass or its Subsidiaries or while you are a member of the Board of Cass, all outstanding Performance-Based RSUs shall vest in accordance with the normal terms of this Award Agreement as described in Section 2.b. In the case of your death, Cass shall deliver shares of Stock with respect to any RSUs that have vested to your Designated Beneficiary or as provided in Section 5.d. if a Beneficiary has not been designated, has died or cannot be located. If a Change of Control occurs that results in termination of employment or termination as a Board member during the Performance Period, all outstanding Performance-Based RSUs will immediately vest at the Target Performance level and Cass shall deliver any shares of Stock with respect to the RSUs to the recipient as explained in Section 3 as if the Restriction Period has ended. If you satisfy the conditions for Retirement as set forth in Section 8, the provisions of Sections 2.b.vii.-.ix. and Section 8 shall govern. 5. Restrictions. In association with the other terms of this Award Agreement and in accordance with the Plan and the RSUs shall be subject to the following restrictions: a. The RSU or any interest in them or any other rights under this Award Agreement may not be sold, transferred, donated, exchanged, pledged, hypothecated, assigned, or otherwise transferred, alienated or encumbered, by operation of law or otherwise, until (and then only to the extent of) the shares of Stock are delivered to you or, in the event of your death, your Designated Beneficiary or Beneficiaries or testamentary transferee or transferees. b. You shall have, with respect to RSUs, none of the rights of a holder of Stock, including the right to vote. Notwithstanding the preceding, dividends paid on Stock which are represented by Time-Based RSUs will be accrued as dividend equivalents... Such accrued dividend equivalents will be paid in cash to you at the time the Stock, related to the vesting of Time-Based RSUs, is paid to you. No dividend equivalents will be accrued or paid with respect to unearned and unvested Performance-Based RSUs. c. During your lifetime, Stock shall only be delivered to you. Any Stock transferred in accordance with this Award Agreement shall continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement. Any transfer permitted under this Award Agreement shall be promptly reported in writing to Casss Secretary. d. You may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries (Designated Beneficiary or Beneficiaries) on the Designated Beneficiary form attached to this Award Agreement to receive Stock for RSUs which vest on your death. If you do not complete the Beneficiary Designation form or if, after your death, your Designated Beneficiary or Beneficiaries has or have died or cannot be located, Stock for RSUs 

6 which become vested on your death shall be transferred in accordance with your will or, if you have no will, in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 6. Effect of Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding anything in this Award Agreement to the contrary, if your employment with Cass or a Subsidiary or service as a member of the Board of Cass is Terminated for Cause, you will immediately forfeit all outstanding RSUs. 7. Transfer of Service; Leave of Absence. A transfer of your employment from Cass to a Subsidiary or vice versa, or from one Subsidiary to another, without an intervening period, shall not be deemed a termination of employment. If you are granted an authorized leave of absence, you shall be deemed to have remained in the employ of Cass or as a member of the Board of Cass during such leave of absence. 8. Normal Retirement. a. If you remain in employment through the last day of the calendar year in which the RSU is awarded and have satisfied the Rule of 65 on that date, you will not be required to remain employed through the Vesting Date described in Section 2.a. and 2.b. of the Award Agreement. In addition, if you serve on the Board of Directors of Cass through the last day of the calendar year in the RSU is awarded and have satisfied the Rule of 65 on that date, you will not be required to remain employed through the Vesting Date described in Section 2.a and 2.b of the Award Agreement. Once these conditions for Retirement are satisfied, all RSUs subject to this Award Agreement will no longer be subject to forfeiture on account of your termination of employment prior to the applicable Vesting Date, though such vested RSUs shall not be paid until the Vesting Date described in Section 2.a. and 2.b. of this Award Agreement, except that in cases of termination of employment or service as a member of the Board of Directors as a result of death, Total Disability, or a following a Change of Control, Section 4.a. shall govern with respect to Time- Based RSUs and applicable provisions of Section 2.b. shall govern with respect to Performance-Based RSUs. In the event you satisfy the conditions for Retirement set forth in this Section 8 and terminate your employment or service as a member of the Board on account of Retirement, the vesting of Performance-Based RSUs will be determined pursuant to the pro rata vesting rules set forth in Section 2.b.vii (a) of the Award Agreement. Service as an employee and service as a Board member are both considered in applying the pro rata vesting rules set forth in Section 2.b.vii(a). b. For purposes of this Section 8, the Rule of 65 shall mean the sum of your attained age and your completed years of service with Cass, which include affiliates of Cass. Notwithstanding the preceding, you must have attained age 60 in order to satisfy the Rule of 65. c. In the event you qualify for Retirement, terminate employment and terminate service as a Board member, but die before receiving a distribution of your vested Time-Based RSUs, all your Time-Based RSUs shall become immediately vested and Cass shall deliver the shares of Stock in settlement of the Time-Based RSUs 

7 subject this Award Agreement to your Designated Beneficiary, or as provided in Section 5.d. if a Beneficiary has not been designated, has died or cannot be located. d. In the event you qualify for Retirement, terminate employment and terminate service as a Board member and a Change of Control occurs prior to you receiving a distribution of your Time-Based RSUs, all your Time-Based RSUs shall become immediately vested and Cass shall deliver the shares of Stock in settlement of the Time-Based RSUs subject to this Award Agreement to your Designated Beneficiary, or as provided in Section 5.d. if a Beneficiary has not been designated, has died or cannot be located. 9. Tax Matters. a. This Award Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding additional taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cass makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Award Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code and in no event shall Cass be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that you may incur on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code. b. You should consult with your tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of receiving RSUs. 10. No Right to Continued Service. Nothing contained in this Award Agreement or the Plan shall confer any right to continue in the service of Cass or any of its Subsidiaries or limit in any way the right of Cass or a Subsidiary to change your compensation or other benefits or to terminate your service with or without Cause. 11. Listing: Securities Considerations. Despite anything else in this Award Agreement, if at any time the Board determines, in its sole discretion, the listing, registration or qualification (or an updating of any such document) of the shares of Stock issuable under this Award Agreement is necessary on any securities exchange or under any federal or state securities or blue sky law, or that the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with the issuance of the shares of Stock, or the removal of any restrictions imposed on the RSUs underlying such shares of Stock, such shares of Stock shall not be issued, in whole or in part, or the restrictions on the underlying RSUs removed, unless such listing, registration, qualifications, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to Cass. 12. Clawback Policy. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, in the event Cass materially restates its financial statements, the result of which is that the Award described herein would have been lesser if calculated based on restated results, the Compensation Committee shall rescind, revoke, adjust or otherwise modify the Award as required and in accordance with the Compensation Committees governing Clawback Policy, a copy of 

8 which is available from the Secretary of Cass upon request. For the avoidance of doubt, and in the discretion of the Compensation Committee, the Compensation Committee may take such action against any Participant regardless of whether the Participant is a current or former Executive Officer or is otherwise covered under the mandatory provisions of the Clawback Policy. 13. Binding Effect. This Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on the parties to this Award Agreement and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives and successors. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, whenever the term you is used in any provision of this Award Agreement under circumstances where the provision appropriately applies to the heirs, executors, administrators, or legal representatives to whom Stock related to the vesting of RSUs may be transferred by the Beneficiary Designation, will or the laws of descent and distribution, the term you shall be deemed to include such person or persons. 14. Plan Provisions Govern. a. This Award Agreement is subject to the terms, conditions, restrictions and other provisions of the Plan as if all those provisions were set forth in their entirety in this Award Agreement. If any provision of this Award Agreement conflicts with a provision of the Plan, the Plan provision shall control. b. You acknowledge that a copy of the Plan and a prospectus summarizing the Plan was distributed or made available to you and that you were advised to review that material before entering into this Award Agreement. You waive the right to claim that the provisions of the Plan are not binding on you and your heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives and successors. c. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Award Agreement have the meanings given those terms in the Plan. d. By your signature below, you represent that you are familiar with the terms and provisions of the Plan, and hereby accept this Award Agreement subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan. You have reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety and fully understand all provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. You agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee on any questions arising under the Plan or this Award Agreement. 15. Governing Law and Venue. This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri despite any laws of that state that would apply the laws of a different state. In the event of litigation arising in connection with this Award Agreement and/or the Plan, the parties hereto agree to submit to the jurisdiction of state and Federal courts located in Missouri. 16. Severability. If any term or provision of this Award Agreement, or the application of this Award Agreement to any person or circumstance, shall at any time or to any extent be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect as written, both parties intend for any court 

9 construing this Award Agreement to modify or limit that provision so as to render it valid and enforceable to the fullest extent allowed by law. Any provision that is not susceptible of reformation shall be ignored so as to not affect any other term or provision of this Award Agreement, and the remainder of this Award Agreement, or the application of that term or provision to persons of circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby and each term and provision of this Award Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 17. Entire Agreement; Modification. The Plan and this Award Agreement contain the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter contained in this Award Agreement and it may not be modified, except as provided in the Plan, as it may be amended from time to time in the manner provided in the Plan, or in this Award Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time by a written document signed by each of the parties to this Award Agreement. Any oral or written agreements, representations, warranties, written inducements, or other communications with respect to the subject matter contained in this Award Agreement made before the signing of this Award Agreement shall be void and ineffective for all purposes. 18. Counterparts. This Award Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Award Agreement. 19. Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of this Award Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Award Agreement. 20. Notices; Electronic Delivery. All notices, demands or other communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered personally; mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid; delivered by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service or sent by facsimile and confirmed by first class mail, to the recipient. Such notices, demands and other communications shall be sent to the parties at the addresses indicated below: a. If to you: b. If to the Company: Secretary Cass Information Systems, Inc. 12444 Powerscourt Drive, Suite 550 St. Louis, Missouri 63131 or to such other address or to the attention of such other party as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. You agree during the term of this Award Agreement to keep Cass informed of your current mailing address and of receiving written notice from Cass in accordance with this Section 20. In lieu of receiving documents in paper format, you agree, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to accept electronic 

10 delivery of any documents that may be required to be delivered to you (including, but not limited to, prospectuses, prospectus supplements, grant or award notifications and agreements, account statements, annual and quarterly reports, and all other forms of communications) in connection with this and any other award made or offered by Cass. Electronic delivery may be via electronic mail system or by reference to a location on a Cass intranet to which you have access. You hereby consent to any and all procedures Cass has established or may establish for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of any such documents that may be required to be delivered to you, and agree that your electronic signature is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, your manual signature. 21. Authority to Receive Payments. Any amount payable to or for the benefit of a minor, an incompetent person or other person incapable of receiving such payment shall be deemed paid when paid to the conservator of such persons estate or to the party providing or reasonably appearing to provide for the care of such person, and such payment shall fully discharge Cass and Members of the Committee and the Board with respect thereto. 22. Data Privacy. By executing this Award Agreement and participating in the Plan, you hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use, processing and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data by and among, as applicable, administrative agents and Cass and other subsidiaries for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that administrative agents, Cass, and other subsidiaries may hold certain personal information about you, including your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other identification number, salary/compensation, nationality, job title, any stock or directorships held in Cass, details of RSUs awarded, canceled, purchased or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan. You further understand that some or all related data may be transferred to any third parties assisting Cass in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that these recipients may be located in your country of residence, or elsewhere, and that the recipients country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country of residence. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer related data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. [Signature Page Follows] 

11 In Witness Whereof, the parties have caused this Award Agreement to be signed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. CASS INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC. PARTICIPANT Signature Signature By: Date: Title: Date:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cass-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cass-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cass-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>cisbylaws3rdamendedandre017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>restrictedstockunitaward011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CASS INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MO

Entity File Number 000-20827

Entity Tax Identification Number 43-1265338

Entity Address, Address Line One 12444 Powerscourt Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 550

Entity Address, City or Town St. Louis

Entity Address, State or Province MO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 63131

City Area Code 314

Local Phone Number 506-5500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share

Trading Symbol CASS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000708781

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.cassinfo.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cass-20250121.htm 
cass-20250121.xsd 
cass-20250121_lab.xml 
cass-20250121_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>0000708781-25-000004-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>cass-20250121_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000708781 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

0000708781 
false 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
CASS INFORMATION SYSTEMS, INC. 
MO 
000-20827 
43-1265338 
12444 Powerscourt Drive 
Suite 550 
St. Louis 
MO 
63131 
314 
506-5500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.50 per share 
CASS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>