<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950142-25-000558.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0000950142-25-000558.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228074232
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950142-25-000558
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002039497
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				331246734
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42458
		FILM NUMBER:		25682644

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5B
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-256-8405

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5B
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>eh250596666_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?FORM 8-K

false000203949700020394972025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 28, 2025

Resolute Holdings
Management, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-42458 33-1246734

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

445 Park Avenue, Suite 5B

New York, NY

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 10022

(Zip Code)

(212) 256-8405

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share RHLD The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On February 28, 2025 (the Distribution
Date), at 12:01 a.m. New York City time, CompoSecure, Inc. (CompoSecure) completed the previously announced distribution
of all shares of the common stock of Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. (Resolute Holdings, the Company, we,
us, or our) by CompoSecure to holders of CompoSecures Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(the CompoSecure common stock) on a pro rata basis (the Spin-Off). Each holder of record of CompoSecure common
stock received one (1) share of our common stock for every twelve (12) shares of CompoSecure common stock held on February 20, 2025 (the
Record Date), and will receive cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock.

On or prior to the Distribution Date, in connection
with the Spin-Off, we entered into several agreements that set forth the principal actions taken or to be taken in connection with the
Spin-Off, including the following agreements:

a Separation and Distribution Agreement, by and between CompoSecure and Resolute Holdings;

a Management Agreement, by and between CompoSecures wholly owned subsidiary, CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. (CompoSecure
Holdings) and Resolute Holdings (the Management Agreement);

a Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Resolute Holdings and the majority stockholder of CompoSecure, Resolute Compo Holdings
LLC (Resolute Compo Holdings);

a U.S. State and Local Tax Sharing Agreement, by and between Resolute Holdings and CompoSecure; and

a Letter Agreement, by and between CompoSecure and Resolute Holdings.

The descriptions included below of the Separation
and Distribution Agreement, the Management Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the U.S. State and Local Tax Sharing Agreement
and the Letter Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such agreements,
which are filed as Exhibits 2.1, 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein
by reference.

Separation and Distribution Agreement

We entered into a Separation and Distribution
Agreement with CompoSecure before the Spin-Off. The Separation and Distribution Agreement sets forth our agreements with CompoSecure regarding
the principal actions to be taken in connection with the Spin-Off. It also sets forth other agreements that govern aspects of our relationship
with CompoSecure following the Spin-Off.

Separation Transaction

The Separation and Distribution Agreement describes
certain actions related to our separation from CompoSecure that occurred prior to the Spin-Off, or in limited instances, following the
Spin-Off, including the transfer by CompoSecure to us of certain assets and employees in exchange for the assumption by us of liabilities
associated with those assets and employees, the issuance by us to CompoSecure Holdings of shares of our common stock and, following such
issuance of shares of our common stock, the distribution by CompoSecure Holdings to CompoSecure of all shares of our common stock then
held by CompoSecure Holdings.

Employee Matters

The Separation and Distribution Agreement sets
forth the timing and general responsibilities related to the split of assets and liabilities of certain employee benefit and compensation
plans. Except as specifically provided in the Separation and Distribution Agreement, we are generally responsible for all employment,
employee compensation and employee benefits-related liabilities relating to employees and other individuals allocated to us. The Separation
and Distribution Agreement also provides for the adjustment of CompoSecure equity-based

1 

compensation awards that were outstanding immediately prior to the
Spin-Off to preserve the underlying intrinsic value of such awards and reflect the impact of the Spin-Off.

Tax Matters

The Separation and Distribution Agreement governs
CompoSecures and our respective rights, responsibilities and obligations after the Spin-Off with respect to tax liabilities and
benefits, tax returns, and tax contests. We and CompoSecure have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with respect
to tax matters following the Spin-Off.

Representations and Warranties

In general, neither we nor CompoSecure made any
representations or warranties regarding any assets, employees or liabilities transferred or assumed (including with respect to the sufficiency
of assets for the conduct of our business), any notices, consents, or governmental approvals that may be required in connection with these
transfers or assumptions, the value or freedom from any lien or other security interest of any assets or liabilities transferred, the
absence of any defenses relating to any claim of either party, or the legal sufficiency of any conveyance documents. Except as expressly
set forth in the Separation and Distribution Agreement or any ancillary agreement, all assets have been, or will be, transferred on an
as is, where is basis.

Further Assurances

The parties each agreed to use reasonable best
efforts to effect any transfers contemplated by the Separation and Distribution Agreement that have not been consummated prior to the
Spin-Off. In addition, the parties have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to effect any transfer or re-transfer of any asset or liability
that was improperly transferred or retained.

The Spin-Off

The Separation and Distribution Agreement governs
CompoSecures and our respective rights and obligations regarding the proposed Spin-Off. Prior to the Distribution Date, CompoSecure
delivered 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock to the distribution agent. On or as soon as practicable following
the Distribution Date, the distribution agent will electronically deliver the shares of our common stock to CompoSecure stockholders by
means of a pro rata dividend. The CompoSecure board of directors (the CompoSecure Board) determined the Record Date,
the Distribution Date, and the terms of the Spin-Off.

Exchange of Information

We and CompoSecure each agreed to provide each
other with information reasonably needed to comply with reporting, disclosure, filing, or other requirements of any national securities
exchange or governmental authority, and requested by the other party for use in judicial, regulatory, administrative, and other proceedings
or in order to satisfy audit, accounting, litigation, and other similar requirements. We and CompoSecure also agreed to use reasonable
best efforts to retain such information in accordance with specified record retention policies. Each party also agreed to use its reasonable
best efforts to assist the other with its financial reporting and audit obligations.

Release of Claims

We and CompoSecure each agreed to release the
other and its affiliates, successors, and assigns, and all persons that prior to the Spin-Off had been the others stockholders,
fiduciaries, directors, trustees, counsel, officers, members, managers, employees, agents, and certain other parties, and their respective
heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, from any and all liabilities, whether at law or in equity (including any right
of contribution), whether arising under any contract, by operation of law, or otherwise, existing or arising from any acts or events occurring,
or failing to occur, or alleged to have occurred, or to have failed to occur, or any conditions existing or alleged to have existed on
or before the Spin-Off, including in connection with the Spin-Off and all other activities to implement the Spin-Off. The releases do
not extend to obligations or liabilities under the Separation and Distribution Agreement or the Management Agreement, to any other agreements
between us and CompoSecure that remain in effect following the separation pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement or any
ancillary agreement, or to certain other obligations or liabilities specified in the Separation and Distribution Agreement.

2 

Indemnification

We and CompoSecure each agreed to indemnify
the other and each of the others current and former directors, officers, and employees, and each of the heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns of any of them, against certain liabilities incurred in connection with the Spin-Off and our and CompoSecures
respective businesses. The amount of either CompoSecures or our indemnification obligations will be reduced by any net insurance
proceeds the party being indemnified receives. The Separation and Distribution Agreement specifies procedures regarding claims subject
to indemnification.

Management Agreement

We entered into the Management Agreement with
CompoSecure Holdings, pursuant to which we are responsible for managing the day-to-day business and operations, and overseeing the strategy,
of CompoSecure Holdings and its subsidiaries, effective as of the completion of the Spin-Off.

Our Responsibilities under the Management
Agreement

Solely for purposes of this section entitled
Our Responsibilities under the Management Agreement, CompoSecure Holdings means CompoSecure Holdings and its
controlled affiliates. Under the Management Agreement, in connection with our managing the day-to-day business and operations and overseeing
the strategy of CompoSecure Holdings, we are responsible for, among other things, the following services and activities to the fullest
extent permitted by Delaware law, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Securities Act of 1933, the Nasdaq listing rules and any other
applicable rule or regulation:

establishing and monitoring CompoSecure Holdings objectives, financing activities and operating performance;

selecting and overseeing CompoSecure Holdings management team and their operating performance;

reviewing and approving CompoSecure Holdings compensation and benefit plans, programs, policies and agreements, including with
respect to any grants of equity awards to persons providing services to CompoSecure Holdings;

devising capital allocation strategies, plans and policies of CompoSecure Holdings;

setting the budget parameters and expense guidelines of CompoSecure Holdings and monitoring compliance therewith;

identifying, analyzing and overseeing the consummation of business opportunities and potential acquisitions, dispositions and other
business combinations;

originating and recommending opportunities to form or acquire, and structuring and managing, any joint ventures;

overseeing negotiations with potential participants in any business opportunity under CompoSecure Holdings consideration and
determining (or delegating to any officer of CompoSecure Holdings the decision to determine) if and when to proceed;

engaging and supervising, on CompoSecure Holdings behalf, independent contractors and third-party service providers;

reviewing and approving CompoSecure Holdings compensation and benefit plans, programs, policies and agreements;

setting the budget parameters and expense guidelines of CompoSecure Holdings;

communicating on behalf of CompoSecure Holdings with the holders of any securities of CompoSecure Holdings (i) as required to satisfy
any reporting and other requirements of any governmental authority having jurisdiction over CompoSecure Holdings and (ii) to maintain
effective relations with such holders;

overseeing all claims, disputes or controversies (including all litigation, arbitration, settlement or other proceedings or negotiations)
in which CompoSecure Holdings may be involved or to which CompoSecure Holdings may be subject arising out of CompoSecure Holdings
day-to-day activities (other than with us or our affiliates);

3 

counselling CompoSecure Holdings in connection with decisions required by Delaware law to be made by the CompoSecure Board; and

performing such other services from time to time in connection with the management of the business and affairs of CompoSecure Holdings
and its activities as the CompoSecure Board shall reasonably request and/or we shall deem appropriate under the particular circumstances.

Management Fee

CompoSecure Holdings agreed to pay us a quarterly
management fee (the Management Fee), payable in arrears, in a cash amount equal to 2.5% of CompoSecure Holdings last
12 months Adjusted EBITDA, measured for the period ending on the fiscal quarter then ended, as defined in the Management Agreement.
In the case that CompoSecure Holdings Adjusted EBITDA for any period is equal to or lower than zero, no Management Fee will be
payable to us in respect of such period. We may elect not to receive, or to discount, the Management Fee for a given quarterly period,
but any such election will, for the avoidance of doubt, be ignored in calculating the Termination Fee (as defined below) and will not
constitute a waiver or discount of the Management Fee in any future periods.

Reimbursement of Costs and Expenses

CompoSecure Holdings is responsible for all of
its costs and expenses and will reimburse us or our affiliates for our or our affiliates documented costs and expenses incurred
on behalf of CompoSecure Holdings other than expenses related to our or our affiliates personnel who provide services to CompoSecure
Holdings under the Management Agreement. We will determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, whether a cost or expense will be borne
by us or CompoSecure Holdings. We may elect not to seek reimbursement for certain expenses during a given quarterly period but any such
determination will not constitute a waiver of reimbursement for such expenses, or similar expenses, in future periods.

Term

The Management Agreement has an initial term
of ten years and the term will automatically renew for successive and additional ten-year terms, unless the Management Agreement is terminated
in accordance with its terms, as described below.

Termination and Termination Fee

We will have the right to terminate the
Management Agreement:

upon 180 days written notice before the last day of the initial term or a renewal term to CompoSecure Holdings for any reason;

upon 60 days written notice before the last day of the initial term or a renewal term to CompoSecure Holdings in the event
of:

o a default by CompoSecure Holdings in the performance or observance of any material term, condition or covenant contained in the Management
Agreement that continues for a period of 30 days after delivery by us of a written notice to CompoSecure Holdings specifying the default
and requesting that it be remedied in the same 30-day period (and the Termination Fee (as defined below) will be payable in accordance
with the terms of the Management Agreement); or

o a termination of the Letter Agreement (and the Termination Fee will be payable in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement);

at any time upon CompoSecure Holdings becoming required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

CompoSecure Holdings has the right to terminate
the Management Agreement:

upon 180 days written notice before the last day of the initial term or a renewal term and payment of the Termination Fee,
if two-thirds of the independent directors of CompoSecure (who have not recused themselves with respect to such vote) determine the Management
Fee is not fair and the parties fail to reach an understanding on the fee following consultation and mediation procedures set forth in
the Management Agreement;

4 

upon 30 days prior written notice at any time during the initial term or a renewal term, without payment of the Termination
Fee, if any of the following events occur (each, a Kick-Out Event):

o final judgment (which is not stayed or vacated within 30 days) that Resolute Holdings has committed a felony or material violation
of securities laws that has a material adverse effect on CompoSecure Holdings business or ability of Resolute Holdings to perform
its duties under the Management Agreement;

o final judgment (subject to a 30-day cure period) that Resolute Holdings has committed fraud against CompoSecure Holdings, misappropriated
or embezzled funds of CompoSecure Holdings, acted or failed to act in a manner constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence
or reckless disregard of its duties; or

o the bankruptcy or dissolution of Resolute Holdings.

As used in this summary, the term Termination
Fee means an amount equal to the greatest of:

as of the effective termination date, the fair market value of the aggregate Management Fee then payable or that would become payable
if the Management Agreement were automatically renewed and remained in effect in perpetuity;

as of the effective termination date, the net present value of the aggregate Management Fee then payable or that would become payable
if the Management Agreement were automatically renewed and remained in effect in perpetuity, calculated in accordance with the Management
Agreement; and

four times the aggregate Management Fee that became payable during the 24-month period prior to termination.

The Termination Fee shall be payable in cash
or, at the option of CompoSecure Holdings, by action of a two-thirds vote of the independent directors of the CompoSecure Board (who have
not recused themselves with respect to such vote) and upon written notice thereof, shares of CompoSecure common stock or a combination
of shares of CompoSecure common stock and cash, provided that the issuance of any shares of CompoSecure common stock in connection with
the payment of the Termination Fee shall be in accordance with applicable laws and stock exchange regulations.

Indemnification

CompoSecure Holdings will, to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law, reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees
and stockholders, including the directors, officers, employees, managers, trustees, control persons, partners, stockholders and equityholders
(Manager Indemnified Parties) of and from:

any and all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, penalties, costs, charges and claims of any nature whatsoever (excluding
the costs described in below bullet) in respect of or arising from any acts or omissions of such Manager Indemnified Party performed in
good faith in accordance with, pursuant to, or in furtherance of, the Management Agreement and not constituting bad faith, fraud, willful
misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of duties of such Manager Indemnified Party under the Management Agreement; and

any and all documented and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and out-of-pocket disbursements of counsel) incurred
in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any acts or omissions by us or our officers, employees or affiliates performed
in accordance with, pursuant to or in furtherance of, the Management Agreement, whether by or through attempted piercing of the corporate
veil, by or through a claim, by the enforcement of any judgment or assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding (including any threatened
or ongoing investigative, administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding), or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other
applicable law, or otherwise as such expenses are incurred or paid (provided that if it is ultimately finally judicially determined in
a court of competent jurisdiction that the aforementioned Manager Indemnified Parties are not entitled to indemnification thereunder,
such Manager Indemnified Parties shall reimburse CompoSecure Holdings for any and all documented and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
(including fees and out-of-pocket disbursements of counsel) already paid or reimbursed by CompoSecure Holdings in respect of which such
final judicial determination was made).

5 

Representation and Warranties

The Management Agreement contains mutual representation
and warranties of CompoSecure Holdings and us with respect to: due organization and good standing; corporate power and authority; and
non-contravention of laws, regulations and contracts by the execution, delivery and performance of the Management Agreement.

Additional Activities of Resolute Holdings

The
Management Agreement will not create an exclusive relationship between CompoSecure Holdings and its controlled affiliates, on the one
hand, and us, on the other hand. Under the Management Agreement, we and our affiliates may, in our sole and absolute discretion, allocate
opportunities among CompoSecure Holdings and any other person to which we render services of any kind, or for which we otherwise act as
an external manager, in any manner that we deem appropriate. The doctrine of corporate opportunity or any analogous doctrine will not
apply to us or our affiliates and nothing in the Management Agreement will be construed to impose on us an express or implied fiduciary
duty to CompoSecure Holdings, any of its controlled affiliates or any holders of equity or voting interests in CompoSecure Holdings or
such controlled affiliates.

Additional Covenants

If the Management Agreement is terminated by
CompoSecure Holdings in accordance with its terms without a Kick-Out Event, then, for a period of two years following such termination,
CompoSecure Holdings will be prohibited, unless we provide consent, from employing or otherwise retaining any of our or our affiliates
employees or any person who has been employed by us or any of our affiliates at any time within such two-year period.

Registration Rights Agreement

We entered into a Registration Rights Agreement
with Resolute Compo Holdings pursuant to which we agreed that, upon the request of Resolute Compo Holdings, subject to certain limitations,
we will use our reasonable best efforts to effect the registration under applicable federal or state securities laws of any shares of
our common stock held by Resolute Compo Holdings. If we intend to file on our behalf or on behalf of any of our other security holders
a registration statement in connection with a public offering of any of our securities in a manner that would permit the registration
for offer and sale of our common stock held by Resolute Compo Holdings, Resolute Compo Holdings has the right to include its shares of
our common stock in that offering.

We are generally responsible for all registration
expenses in connection with the performance of our obligations under the registration rights provisions in the agreement, and Resolute
Compo Holdings will be responsible for its own internal fees and expenses, any applicable underwriting discounts or commissions and any
stock transfer taxes. The agreement also contains customary indemnification and contribution provisions by us for the benefit of Resolute
Compo Holdings and, in limited situations, by Resolute Compo Holdings for the benefit of us with respect to the information provided by
Resolute Compo Holdings included in any registration statement, prospectus or related document.

If Resolute Compo Holdings transfers shares covered
by the agreement, it will be able to transfer the benefits of the Registration Rights Agreement to transferees, provided that each transferee
agrees to be bound by the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement.

U.S. State and Local Tax Sharing
Agreement

We entered
into the U.S. State and Local Tax Sharing Agreement with CompoSecure that governs the respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations
of CompoSecure and us after the Spin-Off with respect to certain state and local tax matters in jurisdictions and for taxable periods
in which we are required to file tax returns on a consolidated, combined, unitary or other group basis with CompoSecure (Combined
Returns).

Among other
things, the U.S. State and Local Tax Sharing Agreement (i) allocates responsibility for the preparation and filing of Combined Returns
and the payment of taxes due in connection therewith, (ii) determines the appropriate allocation of any such tax liability between us
and CompoSecure, (iii) requires compensation to be paid by us to CompoSecure to the extent we use any tax attributes properly allocable
to CompoSecure to offset taxes

6 

otherwise allocable to us, and vice versa, (iv) allocates responsibility
for the conduct of tax contests arising with respect to Combined Returns and (v) ensures that the parties are aligned on cooperating
and coordinating with respect to Combined Returns.

Letter Agreement

We entered into a Letter Agreement with CompoSecure,
pursuant to which CompoSecure has agreed to (i) delegate by resolution of the CompoSecure Board authority to us to approve issuances
of CompoSecure equity for M&A and equity awards, (ii) issue CompoSecure equity pursuant to those delegations, (iii) make customary
representations, warranties and covenants in connection with any acquisition, business combination transaction or other transaction that
is intended to qualify in whole or in part as a tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and is entered into, in each case, in
accordance with the Management Agreement and (iv) make filings and deliver notices in connection with the performance of our duties and
obligations under the Management Agreement. The Letter Agreement is coterminous with the Management Agreement.

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated
by reference herein.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors
or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Director Appointments

As previously reported in the Information Statement,
which is included as Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
on February 14, 2025 (the Information Statement), on or prior to February 28, 2025, the persons set forth in the table
below assumed their positions as directors on our board of directors (Board). Also, on or prior to February 28, 2025, Joseph
J. DeAngelo (Chair), Roger B. Fradin and Brian F. Hughes assumed positions as members of the Audit Committee of

7 

the Board; Roger B. Fradin (Chair), Mark James, Thomas R. Knott
and Dr. Krishna Mikkilineni assumed positions as members of the Compensation Committee of the Board; and John Cote, Joseph J. DeAngelo,
Paul Galant, Mark James (Chair) and Jane J. Thompson assumed positions as members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
of the Board. Our Board will be divided into three classes, with each class consisting, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of
the total number of directors. The directors designated as Class I directors will have terms expiring at the first annual meeting of stockholders
following the Spin-Off, which we expect to hold in 2025. The directors designated as Class II directors will have terms expiring at the
following years annual meeting, which we expect to hold in 2026, and the directors designated as Class III directors will have
terms expiring at the following years annual meeting, which we expect to hold in 2027. John Cote, Roger B. Fradin and Jane Thompson
will serve as Class I directors, Joseph J. DeAngelo, Brian F. Hughes, Mark James and Thomas R. Knott will serve as Class II directors,
and David Cote, Paul Galant and Dr. Krishna Mikkilineni will serve as Class III directors. We have not yet set the date of the first annual
meeting of stockholders to be held following the Spin-Off.

Name 

Age 

Committee
Appointment

David M. Cote 72 None

Thomas R. Knott 38 Compensation Committee

John Cote 43 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Joseph J. DeAngelo 63 Audit Committee (Chair) and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Roger B. Fradin 71 Compensation Committee (Chair) and Audit Committee

Paul Galant 57 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Brian F. Hughes 66 Audit Committee

Mark James 63 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) and Compensation Committee

Dr. Krishna Mikkilineni 65 Compensation Committee

Jane J. Thompson 73 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Information regarding the background of our directors
following the Spin-Off is included in the Information Statement under the caption Management in the subsections on pages
98 to 101, which pages are incorporated herein by reference.

Non-Employee Director Compensation

Effective as of the Distribution Date, our non-employee
directors were entitled to receive an initial equity award in connection with the Spin-Off and an annual equity award in connection for
their services, pursuant to the terms of an initial director compensation program (the Director Compensation Policy).

The Director Compensation Policy provides that each
non-employee director will receive an initial equity award of options with a value of $50,000, granted on the date such non-employee director
commences service on the Board (the Initial Equity Award). Additionally, the Director Compensation Policy provides that
non-employee directors will be granted, on an annual basis, options with a value of $100,000 effective on the date of each annual meeting
(or, in the case of a non-employee director who joins the Board after the occurrence of the annual meeting for the year of their appointment
to the Board, a pro-rata amount based on their appointment date) (the Annual Equity Award). The Initial Equity Award and
the Annual Equity Award each vest in equal annual installments over four years commencing on the first anniversary of the date on which
the award is granted.

Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.
2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan

We have adopted the Resolute Holdings Management,
Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Omnibus Incentive Plan), effective as of the Distribution Date. Grants of equity awards
made after the Spin-Off to our executive officers and other employees will be made under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. A summary of the
Omnibus Incentive Plan is included in the Information Statement under the caption Executive CompensationPost-Spin-Off Omnibus
Incentive Plan, on pages 107 to 112, which pages are incorporated herein by reference.

8 

The foregoing description of the 2025 Plan set
forth under this Item 5.02 does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such plan,
which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Amended and Restated Offer Letters

In connection with the Spin-Off, we entered into
an amended and restated offer letter with each of David Cote (the Cote A&R Offer Letter), Tom Knott (the Knott
A&R Offer Letter) and Kurt Schoen (the Schoen A&R Offer Letter), under which each executives employment
was transferred to Resolute Holdings. Summaries of the Cote A&R Offer Letter and the Knott A&R Offer Letter are included in the
Information Statement under the captions Executive CompensationOffer Letters of Our Executive Officers, on pages
106 and 107, which pages are incorporated herein by reference. Pursuant to his Schoen A&R Offer Letter, Mr. Schoen is eligible to:
(i) receive an annual salary of $500,000, which will be paid by the Company; (ii) receive an annual cash bonus with a target bonus amount
equal to 100% of base salary, which will be paid by the Company; (iii) receive annual discretionary equity incentive awards from CompoSecure
(in addition to the October 1, 2024 sign-on restricted stock unit award with a grant date value of $5.5 million, vesting in substantially
equal installments on each of the third, fifth and seventh anniversaries of the grant date, in connection with Mr. Schoens consultant
and advisor services to CompoSecure, with full acceleration upon a termination due to death or disability, that Mr. Schoen received upon
the commencement of his employment with CompoSecure); and (iv) participate in general Company employee benefit programs. The Schoen A&R
Offer Letter subjects Mr. Schoen to a 24-month post-termination non-competition covenant, a 24-month post-termination non-solicitation
of employees or investors covenant and customary non-disparagement, confidentiality and IP assignment obligations. In the event of a
termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Schoen A&R Offer Letter), Mr. Schoen is entitled to a lump-sum payment
equal to three months base salary.

Summaries of the Cote A&R Offer Letter and the Knott A&R Offer Letter are included in
the Information Statement under the caption Executive CompensationOffer Letters of Our Executive Officers on pages 106
and 107, which pages are incorporated herein by reference. The descriptions of the Cote A&R Offier Letter, the Knott A&R Offer
Letter and the Schoen A&R Offer Letter set forth under or incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02 do not purport to be complete
and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Cote A&R Offer Letter, the Knott A&R Offer Letter and
the Schoen A&R Offer Letter, which are filed as Exhibits 10.7, 10.8 and 10.9, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and
are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. 

Description

2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated February 28, 2025, by and between CompoSecure, Inc. and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

10.1 Management Agreement, dated February 28, 2025, by and between CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 28, 2025, by and between Resolute Compo Holdings LLC and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

10.3 U.S. State and Local Tax Sharing Agreement, dated February 28, 2025, by and between CompoSecure, Inc. and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

10.4 Letter Agreement, dated February 28, 2025, by and between CompoSecure, Inc. and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

10.5 Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan.

10.7 Amended and Restated Offer Letter with David Cote.

10.8 Amended and Restated Offer Letter with Thomas Knott.

10.9 Amended and Restated Offer Letter with Kurt Schoen.

104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.

9 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 28, 2025

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT, INC. 

By: 

/s/
Kurt Schoen 

Name: Kurt Schoen 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>eh250596666_ex0201.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 2.1

SEPARATION AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

by and between

COMPOSECURE, INC.

and

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT, INC.

Dated as of February 28, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 2

Section 1.01 Definitions 2

ARTICLE II THE SEPARATION 11

Section 2.01 Transfer of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities 11

Section 2.02 Certain Matters Governing Exclusively by Ancillary Agreements 11

Section 2.03 Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties 12

Section 2.04 Waiver of Bulk-Sale and Bulk-Transfer Laws 12

Section 2.05 General Principles 12

ARTICLE III ACTIONS PENDING THE DISTRIBUTION 13

Section 3.01 Actions Prior to the Distribution 13

Section 3.02 Conditions Precedent to Consummation of the Distribution 14

ARTICLE IV THE DISTRIBUTION 15

Section 4.01 The Distribution 15

Section 4.02 Fractional Shares 15

Section 4.03 Sole Discretion of Parent 16

Section 4.04 Withholding 16

ARTICLE V MUTUAL RELEASES INDEMNIFICATION 17

Section 5.01 Release of Pre-Distribution Claims 17

Section 5.02 Indemnification by SpinCo 19

Section 5.03 Indemnification by Parent 19

Section 5.04 Indemnification Obligations Net of Insurance Proceeds and Third-Party Proceeds 20

Section 5.05 Procedures for Indemnification of Third-Party Claims 20

Section 5.06 Tax Matters 22

Section 5.07 Additional Matters 23

Section 5.08 Remedies Cumulative 24

Section 5.09 Covenant Not to Sue 24

Section 5.10 Survival of Indemnities 24

Section 5.11 Indemnified Damages 25

ARTICLE VI ACCESS TO INFORMATION PRIVILEGE CONFIDENTIALITY 25

Section 6.01 Agreement for Exchange of Information Archives 25

Section 6.02 Ownership of Information 25

i 

Section 6.03 Compensation for Providing Information 26

Section 6.04 Record Retention 26

Section 6.05 Accounting Information 26

Section 6.06 Limitations of Liability 27

Section 6.07 Production of Witnesses; Records; Cooperation 28

Section 6.08 Privileged Matters 28

Section 6.09 Confidential Information 30

Section 6.10 Tax Information and Cooperation 32

ARTICLE VII EMPLOYEE MATTERS 33

Section 7.01 Retention of Benefit Plans 33

Section 7.02 Employees 33

Section 7.03 No Third-Party Beneficiaries 34

ARTICLE VIII EQUITY, INCENTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 34

Section 8.01 Generally 34

Section 8.02 Equity Incentive Awards 35

Section 8.03 Non-Equity Incentive Practices and Plan 36

Section 8.04 Director Compensation 36

ARTICLE IX FURTHER ASSURANCES AND ADDITIONAL COVENANTS 37

Section 9.01 Further Assurances 37

ARTICLE X TERMINATION 37

Section 10.01 Termination 37

Section 10.02 Effect of Termination 37

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 38

Section 11.01 Counterparts Entire Agreement Corporate Power 38

Section 11.02 Negotiation 38

Section 11.03 Arbitration 39

Section 11.04 Specific Performance 40

Section 11.05 No Set-Off; Payments 40

Section 11.06 Continuity of Service and Performance 40

Section 11.07 Governing Law 40

Section 11.08 Assignability 41

Section 11.09 Third-Party Beneficiaries 41

Section 11.10 Notices 41

Section 11.11 Severability 42

ii 

Section 11.12 Publicity 42

Section 11.13 Expenses 43

Section 11.14 Headings 43

Section 11.15 Survival of Covenants 43

Section 11.16 Waivers of Default 43

Section 11.17 Amendments 43

Section 11.18 Interpretation 43

Schedules:

Schedule 1.01(a) SpinCo Assets

Schedule 1.01(b) SpinCo Employees

Schedule 7.02(d) SpinCo Individual Agreements

iii 

SEPARATION AND DISTRIBUTION
AGREEMENT, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and between CompoSecure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and
Resolute Holdings Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation and indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (SpinCo).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in Article I.

R E C I T A L S

WHEREAS, the board of directors
of Parent (the Parent Board) has determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders
for Parent to establish a management business to be conducted by SpinCo and subsequently spin off SpinCo, as an independent publicly traded
company, in the manner contemplated by this Agreement;

WHEREAS, in connection with
the Spin-Off, it is contemplated that: (a) Parent will cause CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company and direct
wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (the Company), to enter into a management agreement with SpinCo, substantially
in the form attached as an exhibit to the Form 10 (the Management Agreement), pursuant to which SpinCo will become
responsible for managing the Companys day-to-day business and operations and overseeing the Companys strategy, subject to
and in accordance with the terms set forth therein; (b) Parent will enter into a letter agreement with SpinCo, substantially in the form
attached as an exhibit to the Form 10 (the Letter Agreement), to support the Companys performance of its duties
and obligations under the Management Agreement, subject to and in accordance with the terms set forth therein;

WHEREAS, upon and subject
to the terms of this Agreement: (a) Parent will (i) contribute, convey, sell or otherwise transfer (or cause its Subsidiaries to
contribute, convey, sell or otherwise transfer) the SpinCo Assets and (ii) transfer (or cause its Subsidiaries to transfer) the SpinCo
Employees to SpinCo in exchange for (A) the assumption by SpinCo of the SpinCo Liabilities, (B) the issuance by SpinCo to the Company
of shares of SpinCo Common Stock and (C) following such issuance of shares of SpinCo Common Stock, the distribution by the Company to
Parent of all shares of SpinCo Common Stock then held by the Company (this clause (a), collectively, the Pre-Distribution Transactions);
and (b) immediately following the Pre-Distribution Transactions, Parent will distribute, on a pro rata basis, to holders of shares
of Parent Common Stock on the Record Date all of the outstanding shares of SpinCo Common Stock (the Distribution
and, together with the Pre-Distribution Transactions, collectively, the Spin-Off);

WHEREAS, SpinCo has been
incorporated solely for these purposes and has not engaged in activities except in preparation for the Spin-Off;

WHEREAS, Parent and SpinCo
have prepared, and SpinCo has filed with the Commission, the Form 10, which includes the Information Statement and sets forth certain
disclosures concerning SpinCo and the Distribution and

WHEREAS, it is appropriate
and desirable to set forth the principal transactions required to effect the Spin-Off, certain other agreements that will govern the relationship
of Parent and its Subsidiaries and SpinCo following the Distribution and certain matters relating to the

allocation of rights and obligations under
this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements in connection with the Spin-Off.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained in this Agreement, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree
as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01Definitions. For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Action
means any claim, complaint, petition, hearing, charge, demand, action, suit, countersuit, arbitration, inquiry, audit, assessment, proceeding
or investigation by or before any Governmental Authority, including any Government Investigation.

Adversarial Action
means (i) an Action by one or more members of the Parent Group, on the one hand, against one or more members of the SpinCo Group,
on the other hand, or (ii) an Action by one or more members of the SpinCo Group, on the one hand, against one or more members of
the Parent Group, on the other hand.

Affiliate
of any Person means a Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. As used herein, control
of any entity means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies
of such entity, whether through ownership of voting securities or other interests, by Contract or otherwise; provided that it is
acknowledged and agreed that (i) members of the Parent Group shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of the SpinCo Group, (ii) members of
the SpinCo Group shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of the Parent Group and (iii) if, after the Distribution Effective Time, SpinCo
enters in one or more additional management agreements with any Person (other than any member of the Parent Group), such Person(s) party
to such management agreement(s) shall not be deemed Affiliate(s) of the SpinCo Group.

Agent
means the distribution agent appointed by Parent to distribute to the Record Holders, pursuant to the Distribution, the shares of SpinCo
Common Stock held by Parent immediately following the Pre-Distribution Transactions.

Agreement
means this Separation and Distribution Agreement, including the Schedules hereto.

Ancillary Agreements
means the Management Agreement, the Letter Agreement, the U.S. State and Local Tax Sharing Agreement and any other instruments, assignments,
documents and agreements executed or to be executed between one or more members of the Parent Group, on the one hand, and SpinCo, on the
other hand, in each case in connection with the implementation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2 

Assets
means all assets, Contracts, properties and rights of every kind and nature (including goodwill), wherever located (including in the possession
of vendors or other third parties or elsewhere), whether real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible, or accrued or contingent, in
each case whether or not recorded or reflected or required to be recorded or reflected on the books and records or financial statements
of any Person.

Benefit Plan
means any Contract, agreement, policy, practice, program, plan, trust, commitment or arrangement providing for benefits, perquisites or
compensation of any nature from an employer to any Employee or Former Employee, or to any family member, dependent, or beneficiary of
any such Employee or Former Employee, including cash or deferred arrangement plans, profit-sharing plans, post-employment programs, pension
plans, supplemental pension plans, welfare plans, stock purchase, and Contracts, agreements, policies, practices, programs, plans, trusts,
commitments and arrangements providing for terms of employment, fringe benefits, severance benefits, change-in-control protections or
benefits, life, accidental death and dismemberment, disability and accident insurance, tuition reimbursement, adoption assistance, travel
reimbursement, vacation, sick, personal or bereavement days, leaves of absences and holidays; provided, however, that the
term Benefit Plan does not include any government-sponsored benefits, such as workers compensation, unemployment
or any similar plans, programs or policies or Individual Agreements.

Business Day
means any day except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are not required to be open.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereof.

Consents
means any consents, waivers, authorizations, ratifications, permissions, exemptions or approvals from or to any Person.

Contract
means any oral or written contract, agreement or other legally binding instrument, including any note, bond, mortgage, deed, indenture,
commitment, lease, sublease, license, sublicense or joint venture agreement.

Dispute
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.02.

Dispute Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.02.

Distribution
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereof.

Distribution Date
means the date, determined by Parent in accordance with Section 4.03, on which the Distribution occurs.

Distribution Effective
Time means 12:01 .a.m. Eastern Time, or such other time as Parent may determine, on the Distribution Date.

3 

Distribution Ratio
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b).

Dual-Role Director
means each Person who serves as a director on each of the Parent Board and the SpinCo Board at any time on or after the Distribution.

Employee
means any Parent Group Employee or SpinCo Employee.

Exchange
means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

Exchange Act
means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

First Post-Distribution
Report has the meaning set forth in Section 11.12.

Form 10
means the registration statement on Form 10 filed by SpinCo with the Commission to effect the registration of SpinCo Common Stock pursuant
to the Exchange Act in connection with the Distribution, as such registration statement may be amended or supplemented from time to time.

Former Employees
means any individual who is a former employee of the Parent Group as of the Distribution Date.

Governmental Approvals
means any notices, reports or other filings given to or made with, or any Consents, registrations or permits obtained from, any Governmental
Authority.

Governmental Authority
means any federal, state, local, foreign, international or multinational government, political subdivision, governmental, quasi-governmental
authority of any nature (including any department, commission, board, bureau, agency, court or tribunal) or other body exercising legislative,
judicial, regulatory, administrative or taxing authority, arbitral body or official of any of the foregoing.

Government Investigation
means any inquiry, investigation, probe, audit or inspection conducted by a Governmental Authority.

Group
means either the Parent Group or the SpinCo Group, or both, as the context requires.

Indemnifying Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.04(a).

Indemnitee
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.04(a).

Indemnity Payment
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.04(a).

Individual Agreement
means any individual (i) employment contract, (ii) retention, severance or change in control agreement or (iii) other agreement containing
restrictive covenants (including confidentiality, noncompetition and nonsolicitation provisions) between a member of the Parent Group
and an Employee, as in effect immediately

4 

prior to the Distribution, in each case, other
than any equity or equity-based incentive award agreement.

Information
means information, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or protectable as a trade secret, in written, oral, electronic or other tangible
or intangible forms, stored in any medium now known or yet to be created, including studies, reports, records, books, Contracts, instruments,
surveys, analyses, discoveries, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, designs, specifications, drawings, blueprints, diagrams, models,
prototypes, samples, flow charts, data, computer data, disks, diskettes, tapes, computer programs or other software, marketing or business
plans, customer names or information, communications (including emails, text messages, IMs, and chats, including those by or to attorneys
(whether or not subject to the attorney-client privilege)), memos and other materials (including those prepared by attorneys or under
their direction (whether or not constituting attorney work product)) and other technical, financial, employee or business information
or data, documents, correspondence, materials and files.

Information Statement
means the Information Statement sent by or on behalf of Parent to the holders of shares of Parent Common Stock in connection with the
Distribution, as such Information Statement may be amended from time to time.

Insurance Proceeds
means those monies: (i) received by an insured (or its successor-in-interest) from an insurance carrier (ii) paid by an insurance
carrier on behalf of the insured (or its successor-in-interest) or (iii) received (including by way of set-off) from any third
party in the nature of insurance in respect of any Liability, in any such case net of (A) any applicable premium adjustments (including
reserves and retrospectively rated premium adjustments), (B) any costs or expenses incurred in the collection thereof, (iii) any reimbursement
obligations under fronted or similar insurance policies and (C) any Taxes resulting from the receipt thereof.

JAMS
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.03(a).

Law
means any statute, law, regulation, ordinance, rule, judgment, rule of common law, order, decree, Governmental Approval, concession, grant,
franchise, license, directive, guideline, policy, requirement or other governmental restriction or any similar form of decision of, or
determination by, or any interpretation or administration of any of the foregoing by, any Governmental Authority, whether now or hereinafter
in effect.

Liabilities
means any and all claims, debts, demands, causes of action, suits, damages, fines, penalties, obligations, prohibitions, accruals, accounts
payable, bonds, indemnities and similar obligations, agreements, promises, guarantees, make-whole agreements and similar obligations,
and other liabilities, obligations or requirements of any kind or nature, including all contractual obligations, whether absolute or contingent,
matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or unaccrued, known or unknown, whenever arising, and including those arising
under any Law, Action, threatened or contemplated Action or any award of any arbitrator or mediator, and those arising under any Contract,
including those arising under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, in each case, whether or not recorded or reflected or required
to be recorded or reflected on the books and records or financial statements of any Person. For the avoidance of doubt, Liabilities shall
include reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, the costs and

5 

expenses of all assessments, judgments, settlements,
compromises and resolutions, and any and all other costs and expenses whatsoever reasonably incurred in connection with anything contemplated
by the immediately preceding sentence (including reasonable costs and expenses incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against
any such Actions or threatened or contemplated Actions).

Letter Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereof.

Management Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereof.

Negotiation Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.02.

Parent
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereof.

Parent Assets
means, without duplication: (i) all Assets of the Parent Group as of immediately prior to the Distribution other than the SpinCo Assets;
and (ii) all interests in the capital stock of, or other equity interests in, the members of the Parent Group (other than Parent).

Parent Awards
means Parent Option Awards, Parent RSU Awards and Parent Performance-Based RSU Awards, collectively.

Parent Benefit
Plan means any Benefit Plan established, sponsored or maintained by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries immediately prior to
the Distribution.

Parent Board
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereof.

Parent Common Stock
means the Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of Parent.

Parent Disclosure
Sections means all information contained in or incorporated by reference into the Form 10 or Information Statement, or used
in documents for an offering of securities in connection with the Spin-Off or for an offering of securities as contemplated by this Agreement,
to the extent relating to (i) the Parent Group, (ii) the Parent Liabilities, (ii) the Parent Assets or (iv) the substantive
disclosure set forth in such documents relating to the Parent Boards consideration of the Spin-Off, including the section of the
Form 10 entitled Reasons for the Spin-Off.

Parent Employee
Liabilities means, without duplication: (i) any and all wages, salaries, incentive compensation, equity compensation, commissions,
bonuses and any other compensation or benefits payable to or on behalf of (x) any Parent Group Employees and Former Employees after the
Distribution and (y) any SpinCo Employees prior to the Distribution, without regard to when such wages, salaries, incentive compensation,
equity compensation, commissions, bonuses or other compensation or benefits are or may have been awarded or earned; (ii) any and all Liabilities
whatsoever with respect to claims under a Benefit Plan; (iii) any and all Liabilities arising out of, relating to or resulting from the
employment, or termination of employment of all Parent Group Employees and Former Employees; and (iv) any and all Liabilities arising
out of, relating to or resulting from the

6 

employment of individuals who will become SpinCo
Employees at the Distribution that are not expressly assumed or retained by SpinCo pursuant to this Agreement.

Parent Group
means, Parent and each Subsidiary of Parent that is or was a Subsidiary of Parent at the time in respect of which the relevant determination
is being made, but excluding any member of the SpinCo Group.

Parent Group Employees
means (i) each individual who is an employee of the Parent Group as of immediately prior to the Distribution (including any such
individual who is not actively working as of the Distribution Date as a result of an illness, injury or an approved leave of absence)
and (ii) any other individual employed by the Parent Group as of the Distribution Date, in each case, who is not a SpinCo Employee.

Parent Indemnified
Taxes any liability arising under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6, or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S.
tax Law, as a result of a member of the SpinCo Groups membership in a U.S. federal income tax consolidated group (or similar group
under state, local or non-U.S. Law) with any member of the Parent Group prior to the Distribution Date.

Parent
Indemnitees has the meaning set forth in Section 5.02.

Parent Liabilities
means, without duplication: (i) all Liabilities of the Parent Group to the extent relating to, arising out of or resulting from the Parent
Assets; (ii) all Parent Employee Liabilities; and (iii) all Liabilities to the extent relating to, arising out of or resulting from any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, with respect to the Parent Disclosure Sections. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Parent Liabilities shall not include any SpinCo Liabilities.

Parent Omnibus
Plan means any equity compensation plan sponsored or maintained by Parent immediately prior to the Distribution, including
the CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Incentive Equity Plan, as amended from time to time, and the CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. Amended and Restated
Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.

Parent Option Award
means an award of options to purchase Parent Common Stock granted pursuant to a Parent Omnibus Plan that is outstanding as of immediately
prior to the Distribution.

Parent Performance-Based
RSU Award means a restricted stock unit award that is subject to performance-based vesting outstanding as of immediately prior
to the Distribution, granted pursuant to the Parent Omnibus Plan.

Parent Ratio
means the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Pre-Separation Parent Stock Value by (ii) the Post-Separation Parent Stock Value, carried
out to six decimal places.

7 

Parent RSU Award
means a restricted stock unit award outstanding as of immediately prior to the Distribution that is not subject to performance-based vesting
conditions, granted pursuant to the Parent Omnibus Plan.

Party
means either party hereto, and Parties means both parties hereto.

Person
means an individual, a general or limited partnership, a corporation, an association, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization,
a limited liability company, any other entity or any Governmental Authority.

Post-Separation
Parent Option Award means a Parent Option Award, as adjusted as of the Distribution Date in accordance with Section 8.02(a).

Post-Separation
Parent Performance-Based RSU Award means a Parent Performance-Based RSU Award, as adjusted as of the Distribution Date in accordance
with Section 8.02(c), as applicable.

Post-Separation
Parent RSU Award means a Parent RSU Award, as adjusted as of the Distribution Date in accordance with Section 8.02(b),
as applicable.

Post-Separation
Parent Stock Value means the volume-weighted average per share price of Parent Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market during
the first regular trading session (9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time) commencing after the Distribution Effective Time.

Pre-Distribution
Tax Period means any Tax period ending on or before the Distribution Date and the portion of any Tax period beginning before
the Distribution Date and ending after the Distribution Date that ends on the Distribution Date.

Pre-Distribution
Transactions has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereof.

Pre-Separation
Parent Stock Value means the closing per-share price of Parent Common Stock trading regular way with due bills
on the Nasdaq Global Market on the last regular trading session (9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time) ending prior to the Distribution
Effective Time.

Record Date
means the close of business on the date determined by the Parent Board as the record date for determining the shares of Parent Common
Stock in respect of which shares of SpinCo Common Stock will be distributed pursuant to the Distribution.

Record Holders
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(b).

Representative
means, with respect to any Person, its directors, officers, employees, agents, accountants, subcontractors, counsel and other advisors
and representatives.

Securities Act
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01.

8 

Security Interest
means any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien, charge, claim, option, right to acquire, voting or other restriction, right-of-way,
covenant, condition, easement, encroachment, restriction on transfer or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever.

Specified Confidential
Information has the meaning set forth in Section 6.09(a).

SpinCo
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble hereof.

SpinCo Assets
means, without duplication, all Assets listed or described on Schedule 1.01(a). For the avoidance of doubt, the SpinCo Assets shall
not include any Parent Assets.

SpinCo Board
means the board of directors of SpinCo.

SpinCo Common Stock
means the Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of SpinCo.

SpinCo Employee means each
individual set forth on Schedule 1.01(b).

SpinCo Employee
Liabilities means, without duplication, all Liabilities arising out of, relating to or resulting from the employment of individuals
who will become SpinCo Employees at the Distribution that are expressly assumed or retained by SpinCo pursuant to this Agreement.

SpinCo Group
means SpinCo and each Person that becomes a Subsidiary of SpinCo, if any, after the Distribution Date at the time in respect of which
the relevant determination is being made.

SpinCo Indemnitees
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03.

SpinCo Individual
Agreements has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(d).

SpinCo Liabilities
means, without duplication: (i) all Liabilities to the extent relating to, arising out of or resulting from the SpinCo Assets (ii);
all SpinCo Employee Liabilities; and (iii) all Liabilities to the extent relating to, arising out of or resulting from any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, with respect to all information contained in or incorporated by reference
into the Form 10 or the Information Statement and any other documents filed with the Commission or used in documents for an offering of
securities in connection with the Spin-Off, other than with respect to the Parent Disclosure Sections.

SpinCo Omnibus
Plan means the Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as established by SpinCo as of the Distribution
Date pursuant Section 8.01.

Spin-Off
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereof.

9 

Straddle Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.05(c).

Subsidiary
of any Person means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which at least a majority of the
securities or interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or others
performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other organization, is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by
such Person or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries.

Tax
or Taxes means (i) any and all taxes of any kind whatsoever, including all foreign, federal, state, county, or local
income, alternative or add-on minimum, sales and use, excise, franchise, ad valorem, value added, real and personal property, escheat
or unclaimed property, gross income, gross receipt, capital stock, production, license, estimated, environmental, net worth, business
and occupation, disability, employment, unemployment, social security (or similar), transfer, payroll, severance, windfall profit, stamp,
withholding, and all other taxes or assessments, fees, duties, levies, customs, tariffs, imposts, obligations and charges of the same
or similar nature of the foregoing, including all interest, additions to tax, surcharges, fees and penalties related thereto, and (ii)
any Liability for the payment of any amounts of a type described in clause (i) above of another Person arising by reason of Contract,
assumption, transferee, successor or similar Liability (including bulk transfer or similar Laws), operation of Law (including pursuant
to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any predecessor or successor thereof or any analogous or similar state, local, or foreign
Law)) or otherwise.

Tax Contest
means any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign Tax audit or examination or notice of deficiency or other adjustment, assessment or redetermination
of Taxes before a Governmental Authority.

Tax Return
means any declaration, estimate, return, report, claim for refund, information statement, schedule or other document (including any related
or supporting information), and including any amendment thereof with respect to Taxes that is filed or required to be filed with any Governmental
Authority.

Third-Party Claim
means any written assertion or other commencement by a Person (including any Governmental Authority) who is not a member of the Parent
Group or the SpinCo Group of any claim, demand, inquiry or investigation, or the commencement by any such Person of any Action, against
any member of the Parent Group or the SpinCo Group.

Third-Party Proceeds
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.04(a).

Treasury Regulations
means the income Tax regulations promulgated under the Code.

U.S. State and
Local Tax Sharing Agreement means the U.S. State and Local Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and between
Parent and SpinCo, pursuant to which Parent and SpinCo have agreed on certain procedural matters with respect to the filing of Tax Returns
in respect of post-Spin-Off Tax periods that are required to be filed on a consolidated, combined, unitary or other group basis.

10 

ARTICLE II

THE SEPARATION

Section 2.01Transfer of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities.

(a)Prior to the Distribution, the Parties shall, and Parent shall cause the other members of Parent Group to, execute such instruments
of assignment, transfer or conveyance and take such other corporate actions as are necessary to: (i) transfer and convey to SpinCo all
of the right, title and interest of the Parent Group in, to and under all SpinCo Assets; and (ii) cause SpinCo to assume all of the SpinCo
Liabilities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither Party shall be required to transfer any Information, except as required
by Article VI, the Management Agreement or the Letter Agreement.

(b)In the event that it is discovered in the twelve (12) month period after the Distribution Effective Time that there was an omission
of the transfer or conveyance by Parent (or another member of the Parent Group) to, or the acceptance or assumption by, SpinCo of any
SpinCo Asset or SpinCo Liability, as the case may be, the Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to promptly effect such transfer,
conveyance, acceptance or assumption of such Asset or Liability, as the case may be, for no consideration and subject to Section 2.03.
Any transfer, conveyance, acceptance or assumption made pursuant to this Section 2.01(b) shall be treated by the Parties for all
purposes as if it had occurred immediately prior to the Distribution, except as otherwise required by applicable Law.

(c)In the event that it is discovered in the twelve (12) month period after the Distribution Effective Time that there was a transfer
or conveyance by Parent (or a member of the Parent Group) to, or the acceptance or assumption by, SpinCo of any Parent Asset or Parent
Liability, as the case may be, the Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to promptly effect such transfer, conveyance, acceptance
or assumption of such Asset or Liability, as the case may be, for no consideration and subject to Section 2.03. Any transfer, conveyance,
acceptance or assumption made pursuant to this Section 2.01(c) shall be treated by the Parties for all purposes as if it had occurred
immediately prior to the Distribution, except as otherwise required by applicable Law.

Section 2.02Certain Matters Governing Exclusively by Ancillary Agreements(a). Each of Parent and SpinCo agrees on behalf of itself
and the other members of its Group, as applicable, that, except as explicitly provided in this Agreement and or any Ancillary Agreement,
(a) the Management Agreement shall exclusively govern all matters relating to SpinCos management of the day-to-day business and
affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries and (b) the Letter Agreement shall exclusively govern all matters relating to Parents
support of the Companys performance of its duties and obligations under the Management Agreement. Except as set forth in the immediately
preceding sentence in respect of matters governed exclusively by the Management Agreement and the Letter Agreement, in the event and
to the extent that there shall be a conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of any other Ancillary Agreement,
the provisions of this Agreement shall control (unless this Agreement or such other Ancillary Agreement explicitly provides otherwise
in respect of such conflict).

11 

Section 2.03Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties.
Each of Parent (on behalf of itself and each other member of the Parent Group) and SpinCo understands and agrees that, except as expressly
set forth in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, no party to this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement or any other agreement or
document contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement is representing or warranting in any way as to any Assets or Liabilities
transferred or assumed as contemplated hereby or thereby, as to the sufficiency of the Assets or Liabilities transferred, conveyed, accepted
or assumed hereby or thereby for the conduct and operations of the operating management business to be conducted by SpinCo, as to any
notices, Governmental Approvals or other Consents required in connection therewith, as to the value or freedom from any Security Interests
of, or any other matter concerning, any Assets or Liabilities of such party, or as to the absence of any defenses or rights of set-off
or freedom from counterclaim with respect to any claim or other Asset, including any accounts receivable, of any such party, or as to
the legal sufficiency of any assignment, document or instrument delivered hereunder to convey title to any Asset or thing of value upon
the execution, delivery and filing hereof or thereof, and each of Parent (on behalf of itself and each other member of the Parent Group)
and SpinCo has relied only on the representations and warranties expressly contained in Section 11.01(c) or in any Ancillary
Agreement. Except as may expressly be set forth herein or in any Ancillary Agreement, any such Assets are being transferred on an as
is, where is, with all faults basis and SpinCo shall bear the economic and legal risks that (a) any
conveyance shall prove to be insufficient to vest in SpinCo good and marketable title, free and clear of any Security Interest and (b) any
necessary notices, Governmental Approvals or other Consents are not delivered or obtained, as applicable, or that any requirements of
Laws or judgments are not complied with.

Section 2.04Waiver of Bulk-Sale and Bulk-Transfer Laws. SpinCo hereby waives compliance by each and every member of the Parent Group
with the requirements and provisions of any bulk-sale or bulk-transfer Laws of any jurisdiction that may otherwise
be applicable with respect to the transfer or sale of any or all of the SpinCo Assets to SpinCo.

Section 2.05General Principles. All provisions herein shall be subject to the requirements of all applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, if the terms of applicable Law require that any Assets or Liabilities be retained or assumed by, or
transferred to, a Party in a manner that is different than what is set forth in this Agreement, such retention, assumption or transfer
shall be made in accordance with the terms of such applicable Law and shall not be made as otherwise set forth in this Agreement; provided
that, in such case, the Parties shall take all necessary action to preserve the economic terms of the allocation of Assets and Liabilities
contemplated by this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall apply in respect of all jurisdictions.

12 

ARTICLE III

ACTIONS PENDING THE DISTRIBUTION

Section 3.01Actions Prior to the Distribution. Subject to the conditions specified in Section 3.02 and subject to Section 4.03,
Parent and SpinCo shall use reasonable best efforts to consummate the Distribution. Such efforts shall include taking the following actions:

(a)Availability of Information Statement. Prior to the Distribution, Parent shall mail the Notice of Internet Availability
of the Information Statement or the Information Statement to the Record Holders.

(b)Securities Law Matters. SpinCo shall file any amendments or supplements to the Form 10 as may be necessary or advisable
in order to cause the Form 10 to become and remain effective as required by the Commission or federal, state or other applicable securities
Laws. SpinCo shall prepare, file with the Commission and use its reasonable best efforts to cause to become effective any registration
statements or amendments thereto required to effect the establishment of, or amendments to, any employee benefit and other plans necessary
or appropriate in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements. Parent and SpinCo
shall take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate under the securities or blue sky laws of the states or other political subdivisions
of the United States or of other foreign jurisdictions in connection with the Distribution.

(c)Notice to the Exchange. Parent shall, to the extent possible, give the Exchange not less than ten (10) days advance
notice of the Record Date in compliance with Rule 10b-17 of under the Exchange Act.

(d)Exchange Listing. SpinCo shall prepare and file, and shall use reasonable best efforts to have approved prior to the Distribution,
an application for the listing of the SpinCo Common Stock to be distributed in the Distribution on the Exchange, subject to official notice
of distribution.

(e)SpinCo Directors and Officers. Prior to the Distribution, (i) Parent shall cause the Company, as sole stockholder of SpinCo,
to have duly elected to the SpinCo Board the individuals listed as members of the SpinCo Board in the Information Statement, and such
individuals shall be the members of the SpinCo Board effective as of immediately after the Distribution; provided, however,
that to the extent required by any Law or requirement of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as applicable, one independent
director shall be appointed by the existing SpinCo Board prior to the date on which when-issued trading of SpinCo Common
Stock begins on the Exchange and begin his or her term prior to the Distribution and shall serve on the audit committee of the SpinCo
Board, and (ii) Parent shall deliver or cause to be delivered to SpinCo resignations, effective as of immediately after the Distribution,
of each individual who will be an Employee of Parent or any member of the Parent Group after the Distribution and who is director or officer
of SpinCo immediately prior to the Distribution (or shall otherwise cause such individuals to be removed as directors or officers, as
applicable, of SpinCo), other than any individual expressly contemplated by the Information Statement to remain a member of the SpinCo
Board following the Distribution.

13 

(f)SpinCo Organizational Documents. Immediately prior to the Distribution, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of SpinCo, each in substantially the form filed as an exhibit to the Form 10, shall be in effect.

(g)Distribution Agent. Parent shall enter into a distribution agent agreement with the Agent or otherwise provide instructions
to the Agent regarding the Distribution.

(h)Employee Matters; Equity, Incentive and Director Compensation. The Parties shall take all actions as are deemed necessary
or advisable to effectuate the provisions of Articles VII and VIII.

(i)Satisfying Conditions to the Distribution. The Parties shall, subject to Section 4.03, take all reasonable steps
necessary and appropriate to cause the conditions set forth in Section 3.02 to be satisfied and to effect the Distribution
on the Distribution Date.

Section 3.02Conditions Precedent to Consummation of the Distribution. Subject to Section 4.03, as soon as practicable after
the date of this Agreement, the Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to satisfy the following conditions prior to the consummation
of the Distribution. The obligations of the Parties to consummate the Distribution shall be conditioned on the satisfaction, or waiver
by Parent, of the following conditions:

(a)The Parent Board shall have ratified, authorized and approved the Pre-Distribution Transactions and the Distribution and not withdrawn
such authorization and approval, and shall have declared the dividend of SpinCo Common Stock to Parent stockholders.

(b)Each of the Management Agreement, the Letter Agreement and the other Ancillary Agreements shall have been executed by each party
to such agreement.

(c)The SpinCo Common Stock shall have been accepted for listing on the Exchange or another national securities exchange approved by
Parent, subject to official notice of issuance.

(d)The Commission shall have declared effective the Form 10, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Form 10 shall be in
effect and no proceedings for that purpose shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission.

(e)The actions set forth in Sections 3.01(a), (e) and (f) shall have been completed and the covenants of the
Parties set forth in Articles VII and VIII shall have been performed in all material respects.

(f)The Pre-Distribution Transactions shall have been completed to the satisfaction of Parent.

(g)No order, injunction or decree issued by any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction or other applicable legal restraint
or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Distribution shall be in effect, and no other event outside the control of Parent shall
have occurred, or failed to occur, that prevents the consummation of the Distribution.

14 

(h) No other events or developments shall have occurred prior to the Distribution that, in the judgment of the Parent Board, in its
sole and absolute discretion, makes it inadvisable to effect the Distribution.

The foregoing conditions
are for the sole benefit of Parent and shall not give rise to or create any duty on the part of Parent or the Parent Board to waive, or
not waive, such conditions or in any way limit the right of Parent to terminate this Agreement as set forth in Article X or
alter the consequences of any such termination from those specified in such Article. Any determination made by the Parent Board prior
to the Distribution concerning the satisfaction or waiver of any or all of the conditions set forth in this Section 3.02 shall
be conclusive.

ARTICLE IV

THE DISTRIBUTION

Section 4.01The Distribution.

(a)SpinCo shall cooperate with Parent to accomplish the Distribution and shall, at the direction of Parent, use its reasonable best
efforts to promptly take any and all actions reasonably necessary, customary or advisable to effect the Distribution. Parent shall select
any investment bank or manager in connection with the Distribution, as well as any financial printer, solicitation, exchange or distribution
agent and financial, legal, accounting, tax and other advisors for Parent in connection with the Distribution. Parent or SpinCo, as the
case may be, will provide to the Agent all book-entry authorizations and any information required in order to complete the Distribution
(provided that any information required to be provided under this Section 4.01(a) shall be subject to Section 6.09).

(b)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, (i) on or prior to the Distribution Date, for the benefit
of and distribution to the holders of Parent Common Stock as of the Record Date (Record Holders), Parent will deliver
to the Agent all of the issued and outstanding shares of SpinCo Common Stock held by Parent immediately following the Pre-Distribution
Transactions and book-entry authorizations for such shares and (ii) on the Distribution Date, Parent shall instruct the Agent to
distribute, by means of a pro rata dividend based on the aggregate number of shares of Parent Common Stock held by each applicable
Record Holder, to each Record Holder (or such Record Holders bank or brokerage firm on such Record Holders behalf) electronically,
by direct registration in book-entry form, the number of shares of SpinCo Common Stock to which such Record Holder is entitled based on
a distribution ratio determined by Parent in its sole discretion (the Distribution Ratio). The Distribution shall
be effective at the Distribution Effective Time. Parent shall, on or as soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, instruct the
Agent to mail to each Record Holder (or otherwise transmit in accordance with the Agents regular practices) an account statement
indicating the number of shares of SpinCo Common Stock that have been registered in book-entry form in the name of such Record Holder.

Section 4.02Fractional Shares. Record Holders holding a number of shares of Parent Common Stock on the Record Date that would entitle
such holders to receive less than one whole share of SpinCo Common Stock in the Distribution will receive cash in lieu of such fractional
share. Fractional shares of SpinCo Common Stock will not be distributed in the

15 

Distribution nor credited to book-entry accounts.
Parent shall cause the Agent to, as soon as practicable after the date on which when-issued trading of the SpinCo Common
Stock begins on the Exchange, (a) determine the number of whole shares and fractional shares of SpinCo Common Stock allocable to
each Record Holder and (b) aggregate all fractional shares into whole shares and sell the whole shares obtained thereby in open market
transactions at then prevailing trading prices on behalf of holders who would otherwise be entitled to fractional share interests. Parent
shall cause the Agent to, as soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, distribute to each such holder, or for the benefit of each
beneficial owner, such holders or owners ratable share of the net proceeds of such sale, based upon the average gross selling
price per share of SpinCo Common Stock after making appropriate deductions for any amount required to be withheld under applicable Tax
Law and less any brokers charges, commissions or transfer Taxes. The Agent, in its sole discretion, will determine the timing and
method of selling such fractional shares, the selling price of such fractional shares and the broker-dealer through which such fractional
shares will be sold provided, however, that the designated broker-dealer shall not be an Affiliate of Parent or SpinCo.
Neither Parent nor SpinCo will pay any interest on the proceeds from the sale of fractional shares.

Section 4.03Sole Discretion of Parent. Parent shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine the Record Date, the Distribution
Date and all terms of the Distribution, including the form, structure and terms of any transactions or offerings to effect the Distribution,
and the timing of and conditions to the consummation thereof. In addition, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth below,
Parent may at any time and from time to time until the consummation of all or part of the Distribution decide to abandon the Distribution
or modify or change the form, structure or terms of any transactions or offerings to effect the Distribution, including by accelerating
or delaying the timing of the consummation of all or part of the Distribution. Any determinations regarding the allocation of Assets or
Liabilities under this Agreement or under any Ancillary Agreement, including the identification of Assets or Liabilities for allocation
hereunder, shall be made by Parent in its sole and absolute discretion; provided that, this sentence shall not amend the express
terms of the Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement after the Distribution Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
the allocation of costs and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of the respective duties and obligations of the parties
to the Management Agreement and the Letter Agreement shall be governed by the express terms of the Management Agreement and the Letter
Agreement, as applicable.

Section 4.04Withholding. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Parent, the Agent and any other Person that is a withholding
agent under applicable Law shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration distributable or payable hereunder the amounts
required to be deducted and withheld under the Code, or any provision of any federal, state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law. Any amounts so
withheld shall be paid over to the appropriate Tax Authority in the manner prescribed by Law. To the extent that amounts are so deducted
and withheld, such deducted and withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Persons
in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made. An applicable withholding agent may collect the deducted or withheld amounts
by reducing to cash a sufficient portion of the SpinCo Common Stock that a Person would

16 

otherwise receive pursuant to the Distribution,
and may require that such Person bear the brokerage or other costs from this withholding procedure.

ARTICLE V

MUTUAL RELEASES INDEMNIFICATION

Section 5.01Release of Pre-Distribution Claims.

(a)Except as provided in Section 5.01(c) or elsewhere in this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements, effective as of the
Distribution, SpinCo does hereby, for itself and its Affiliates as of the Distribution Effective Time, and to the extent it may legally
do so, its and their respective successors and assigns, and all Persons who at any time on or prior to the Distribution have been stockholders,
fiduciaries, directors, trustees, counsel, officers, members, managers, employees, agents, insurers, re-insurers, administrators, representatives,
including legal representatives, or employee retirement or benefit plans (and the trustees, administrators, fiduciaries, agents, representatives,
insurers and re-insurers of such plans) of SpinCo (in each case, in their respective capacities as such), remise, release and forever
discharge Parent and the other members of the Parent Group, their respective Affiliates, successors and assigns, and all Persons who at
any time on or prior to the Distribution have been stockholders, fiduciaries, directors, trustees, counsel, officers, members, managers,
employees, agents, insurers, re-insurers, administrators, including legal representatives, or employee retirement or benefit plans (and
the trustees, administrators, fiduciaries, agents, representatives, insurers and re-insurers of such plans) of any member of the Parent
Group (in each case, in their respective capacities as such), and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns,
from any and all SpinCo Liabilities whatsoever, whether at Law or in equity (including any right of contribution), whether arising under
any Contract, by operation of Law or otherwise, existing or arising from any acts or events occurring, or failing to occur, or alleged
to have occurred, or to have failed to occur, or any conditions existing or alleged to have existed on or before the Distribution, including
in connection with the Spin-Off and all other activities to implement the Spin-Off.

(b) Except as provided in Section 5.01(c) or elsewhere in this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements, effective
as of the Distribution, Parent does hereby, for itself and each other member of the Parent Group, their respective Affiliates as of the
Distribution Effective Time, and to the extent it may legally do so, its and their respective successors and assigns, and all Persons
who at any time on or prior to the Distribution have been stockholders, fiduciaries, directors, trustees, counsel, officers, members,
managers, employees, agents, insurers, re-insurers, administrators, representatives, including legal representatives, or employee retirement
or benefit plans (and the trustees, administrators, fiduciaries, agents, representatives, insurers and re-insurers of such plans) of Parent
(in each case, in their respective capacities as such), remise, release and forever discharge SpinCo, its Affiliates, successors and assigns,
and all Persons who at any time on or prior to the Distribution have been stockholders, fiduciaries, directors, trustees, counsel, officers,
members, managers, employees, agents, insurers, re-insurers, administrators, representatives, including legal representatives, or employee
retirement or benefit plans (and the trustees, administrators, fiduciaries, agents, representatives, insurers and re-insurers of such
plans) of SpinCo (in each case, in their respective capacities as such), and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors
and assigns, from any and all Parent Liabilities whatsoever,

17 

whether at Law or in equity (including any
right of contribution), whether arising under any Contract, by operation of Law or otherwise, existing or arising from any acts or events
occurring, or failing to occur, or alleged to have occurred, or to have failed to occur, or any conditions existing or alleged to have
existed on or before the Distribution, including in connection with the Spin-Off and all other activities to implement the Spin-Off.

(c)Nothing contained in Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall impair any right of any Person to enforce this Agreement or
any Ancillary Agreement in accordance with its terms. Nothing contained in Section 5.01(a) or (b) shall release:

(i)any Person from any Liability, contingent or otherwise, assumed, transferred, assigned or allocated to the Group of which such
Person is a member in accordance with, or any other Liability of any member of any Group under, this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement;

(ii)any Person from any Liability provided in or resulting from any Contract that is entered into after the Distribution between one
Party (or any member of such Partys Group), on the one hand, and the other Party (or any member of such Partys Group), on
the other hand

(iii)any Person from any Liability that the Parties may have with respect to indemnification or contribution pursuant to this Agreement
or any Ancillary Agreement for claims brought against the Parties, any member of their respective Groups or any of their respective directors,
officers, employees, agents or representatives, by third Persons, which Liability shall be governed by Section 5.02, Section
5.03 and the other applicable provisions of this Article V or, if applicable, the appropriate provisions of the relevant
Ancillary Agreement

(iv)any Party (or any member of its Group) from any Liability that such Party (or any member of its Group) may have to directors, officers,
agents or employees under indemnification or similar agreements or arrangements; or

(v)any employee from any Liability relating to, arising out of or resulting from such Persons fraud, embezzlement or misappropriation
of intellectual property.

(d)SpinCo shall not make, and shall cause any other member of the SpinCo Group not to make, any claim or demand, or commence any Action
asserting any claim or demand, including any claim of contribution or any indemnification, against Parent or any other member of the Parent
Group, or any other Person released pursuant to Section 5.01(a), with respect to any Liabilities released pursuant to Section 5.01(a).
Parent shall not make, and shall cause each other member of the Parent Group not to make, any claim or demand, or commence any Action
asserting any claim or demand, including any claim of contribution or any indemnification against SpinCo or any other member of the SpinCo
Group, or any other Person released pursuant to Section 5.01(b), with respect to any Liabilities released pursuant to Section 5.01(b).

(e)It is the intent of each of Parent and SpinCo, by virtue of the provisions of this Section 5.01, to provide for a full and
complete release and discharge of all Liabilities existing

18 

or arising from all acts and events occurring,
or failing to occur, or alleged to have occurred, or to have failed to occur, and all conditions existing or alleged to have existed on
or before the Distribution Date, between SpinCo, on the one hand, and Parent or any other member of the Parent Group, on the other hand
(including any contractual agreements or arrangements existing or alleged to exist between or among any member of the Parent Group and
SpinCo on or before the Distribution Date), except as expressly set forth in Section 5.01, Section 5.02, Section 5.03
or elsewhere in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement. At any time, at the request of the other Party, each Party shall cause each
member of its Group to execute and deliver releases reflecting the provisions hereof.

Section 5.02Indemnification by SpinCo. Subject to Section 5.04, SpinCo shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Parent,
each other member of the Parent Group and each of their respective former and then-current directors, officers and employees, and each
of the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (collectively, the Parent Indemnitees),
from and against any and all Liabilities of the Parent Indemnitees to the extent relating to, arising out of or resulting from any of
the following items (without duplication):

(a)the SpinCo Liabilities, including the failure of SpinCo or any other member of the SpinCo Group or any other Person to pay, perform
or otherwise promptly discharge any SpinCo Liability in accordance with its terms

(b)any breach by SpinCo or any other member of the SpinCo Group of this Agreement, or any Ancillary Agreement, unless such Ancillary
Agreement expressly provides for separate indemnification therein (which shall be controlling) and

(c)any breach by SpinCo of any of the representations and warranties made by SpinCo in Section 11.01(c).

Section 5.03Indemnification by Parent. Subject to Section 5.04, Parent shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless SpinCo,
each other member of the SpinCo Group and each of their respective former and then-current directors, officers and employees, and each
of the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (collectively, the SpinCo Indemnitees),
from and against any and all Liabilities of the SpinCo Indemnitees to the extent relating to, arising out of or resulting from any of
the following items on or before the Distribution (without duplication):

(a)the Parent Liabilities, including the failure of Parent or any other member of the Parent Group, or any other Person, to pay, perform
or otherwise promptly discharge any Parent Liability in accordance with its terms

(b)any breach by Parent or any other member of the Parent Group of this Agreement, or any Ancillary Agreement, unless such Ancillary
Agreement expressly provides for separate indemnification therein (which shall be controlling);

(c)any Parent Indemnified Taxes and

(d)any breach by Parent of any of the representations and warranties made by Parent (on behalf of itself and the members of the Parent
Group) in Section 11.01(c).

19 

This Section 5.03 shall apply with respect
to any Taxes solely to the extent such Taxes constitute Parent Indemnified Taxes and in no event shall Parent be required to indemnify,
defend and hold the SpinCo Indemnitees harmless from and against any and all Losses to the extent such Losses relate to Taxes that are
not Parent Indemnified Taxes.

Section 5.04Indemnification Obligations Net of Insurance Proceeds and Third-Party Proceeds.

(a)The Parties intend that any Liability subject to indemnification or reimbursement pursuant to this Agreement will be net of (i) Insurance
Proceeds that actually reduce the amount of, or are paid to the applicable Indemnitee in respect of, such Liability and (ii) other
amounts recovered from any third party (net of any out-of-pocket costs or expenses incurred in, or Taxes imposed with respect to, the
collection thereof) that actually reduce the amount of, or are paid to the applicable Indemnitee in respect of, such Liability (Third-Party
Proceeds). Accordingly, the amount that either Party (an Indemnifying Party) is required to pay to any
Person entitled to indemnification or reimbursement pursuant to this Agreement (an Indemnitee) will be reduced by
any Insurance Proceeds or Third-Party Proceeds theretofore actually recovered by or on behalf of the Indemnitee from a third party in
respect of the related Liability. If an Indemnitee receives a payment required by this Agreement from an Indemnifying Party in respect
of any Liability (an Indemnity Payment) and subsequently receives Insurance Proceeds or Third-Party Proceeds in respect
of such Liability, then the Indemnitee will pay to the Indemnifying Party an amount equal to the excess of the Indemnity Payment received
over the amount of the Indemnity Payment that would have been due if such Insurance Proceeds or Third-Party Proceeds had been received,
realized or recovered before the Indemnity Payment was made; provided that for the avoidance of doubt, such amount shall not exceed
the amount of the Indemnity Payment.

(b)An insurer that would otherwise be obligated to pay any claim shall not be relieved of the responsibility with respect thereto
or have any subrogation rights with respect thereto by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof, it being expressly understood
and agreed that no insurer or any other third party shall be entitled to a windfall (i.e., a benefit it would not
be entitled to receive in the absence of the indemnification provisions) by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. Subject to
Section 5.11, each member of the Parent Group and the SpinCo Group shall use reasonable best efforts to collect or recover any
Insurance Proceeds and any Third-Party Proceeds to which such Person is entitled in connection with any Liability for which such Person
seeks indemnification pursuant to this Article V provided, however, that such Persons inability
to collect or recover any such Insurance Proceeds or Third-Party Proceeds shall not limit the Indemnifying Partys obligations hereunder.

Section 5.05Procedures for Indemnification of Third-Party Claims.

(a)If an Indemnitee shall receive notice or otherwise learn of a Third-Party Claim with respect to which an Indemnifying Party may
be obligated to provide indemnification to such Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement, such Indemnitee shall give such Indemnifying Party
written notice thereof as soon as reasonably practicable. Any such notice shall describe the Third-Party Claim in reasonable detail and
shall include: (i) the basis for, and nature of, such Third-Party Claim, including the facts constituting the basis for such Third-Party
Claim; (ii) the estimated

20 

amount of losses (to the extent so estimable)
that have been or may be sustained by the Indemnitee in connection with such Third-Party Claim; and (iii) copies of all notices and
documents (including court papers) received by the Indemnitee relating to the Third-Party Claim; provided, however, that
any such notice need only specify such information reasonably known to the Indemnitee as of the date of such notice and shall not limit
or prejudice any of the rights or remedies of any Indemnitee on the basis of any limitations on the information included in such notice,
including any such limitations made in good faith to preserve the attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or any other similar
privilege or doctrine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the failure of any Indemnitee or other Person to give notice as provided in this
Section 5.05(a) shall not relieve the related Indemnifying Party of its obligations under this Article V, except
to the extent that such Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice in accordance with this Section 5.05(a).

(b)The Indemnifying Party shall have the right, exercisable by written notice to the Indemnitee within thirty (30) days after receipt
of notice from an Indemnitee in accordance with Section 5.05(a), to assume and conduct the defense of such Third-Party Claim
in accordance with the limits set forth in this Agreement with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party and reasonably acceptable to
the Indemnitee; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to control the defense of any Third-Party
Claim (i) to the extent such Third-Party Claim seeks criminal penalties or injunctive or other equitable relief or (ii) if the
Party to this Agreement which part of such Indemnitees Group has determined in good faith that the Indemnifying Party controlling
such defense would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse impact on the reputation or the business relations of the Indemnitee
or its Group, and (z) if the Party that is part of such Indemnitees Group determines in good faith that the proper defense of the
Third-Party Claim requires that the election to assume the defense of such claim be made in fewer than thirty (30) days, the Indemnitee
may request that such election be made in such shorter period as the Indemnitee may reasonably determine; provided that such shorter
period may not be shorter than ten (10) days. The Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnitee in writing within the time period described
in the immediately preceding sentence as to whether or not it will assume the defense of the applicable Third-Party Claim. During such
notice period, and prior to an election by the Indemnifying Party to control the defense of the applicable Third-Party Claim, the Indemnitee
shall be permitted to take such actions in respect of such Third-Party Claim as the Indemnitee determines in good faith are necessary
or appropriate to avoid prejudice to the Indemnitees interests in respect of such Third-Party Claim during such notice period,
provided that the Indemnitee will consult reasonably and in good faith with the Indemnifying Party in respect of such actions in advance
of taking such actions to the extent possible.

(c)If the Indemnifying Party elects not to assume the defense of a Third-Party Claim (or is not permitted to assume the defense of
such Third-Party Claim) in accordance with this Agreement, or fails to notify an Indemnitee of its election as provided in Section 5.05(b),
such Indemnitee may defend such Third-Party Claim with counsel selected by the Indemnitee and reasonably acceptable to the Indemnifying
Party. If the Indemnifying Party elects (and is permitted) to assume the defense of a Third-Party Claim in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall, subject to the terms of this Agreement, reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party with respect
to the defense of such Third-Party Claim.

21 

(d) If the Indemnifying Party elects (and is permitted) to assume the defense of a Third-Party Claim in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party will not be liable for any additional legal expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnitee
in connection with the defense of the Third-Party Claim; provided, however, that if the Indemnifying Party fails to take
reasonable steps necessary to defend diligently such Third-Party Claim, or the nature of such Third-Party Claim changes such that the
Indemnifying Party would no longer be entitled to assume the defense of such Third-Party Claim pursuant to Section 5.05(b),
the Indemnitee may assume its own defense, and the Indemnifying Party will be liable for all reasonable and documented costs or expenses
paid or incurred in connection with such defense. The Indemnifying Party or the Indemnitee, as the case may be, shall have the right to
participate in (but, subject to the immediately preceding sentence, not control), at its own expense, the defense of any Third-Party Claim
that the other is defending as provided in this Agreement. In the event, however, that such Indemnitee reasonably determines that representation
by counsel to the Indemnifying Party of both such Indemnifying Party and the Indemnitee could reasonably be expected to present such counsel
with a conflict of interest, then the Indemnitee may employ separate counsel to represent or defend it in any such Action and the Indemnifying
Party will pay the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of such counsel.

(e)No Indemnifying Party shall consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement of any Third-Party Claim with respect
to which an Indemnifying Party is obligated to provide indemnification to an Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement without the prior written
consent of the applicable Indemnitee or Indemnitees (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided, however,
that such consent shall not be required if the judgment or settlement: (i) contains no finding or admission of liability with respect
to any such Indemnitee or Indemnitees; (ii) involves only monetary relief which the Indemnifying Party has agreed to pay; and (iii) includes
a full and unconditional release of the Indemnitee or Indemnitees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the consent of an Indemnitee shall be
required for any entry of judgment or settlement if the effect thereof is to permit any injunction, declaratory judgment, other order
or other non-monetary relief to be entered, directly or indirectly, against such Indemnitee (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed).

(f)Whether or not the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of a Third-Party Claim, no Indemnitee shall admit any liability with
respect to, or settle, compromise, resolve or discharge, such Third-Party Claim without the Indemnifying Partys prior written consent
(such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

Section 5.06Tax Matters.

(a)Each Party is responsible for its own Taxes as imposed under applicable Law, and no indemnification shall be provided under this
Agreement by either Party with respect to Taxes, except for any Parent Indemnified Taxes, which shall be borne solely by Parent.

(b)Parent shall prepare (or cause to be prepared) and file (or cause to be filed) (i) all Tax Returns with respect to members of the
SpinCo Group that are required to be filed on a combined basis with any members of the Parent Group, and (ii) all other Tax Returns of
the SpinCo Group that are required to be filed prior to the Distribution Date and shall, in each case, bear all Taxes shown as due thereon.
SpinCo shall be solely responsible for the preparation and filing of

22 

(and payment of Taxes in respect of) any Tax
Returns of the members of the SpinCo Group that are required to be filed after the Distribution Date, other than those described in the
previous clause (i).

(c)SpinCo shall notify Parent within twenty (20) Business Days after receipt by it or any of its Affiliates of written notice of any
pending Tax Contest relating to any Parent Indemnified Taxes provided, however, that the failure to give such notice
shall not relieve Parent of any of its obligations under this Section 5.06(c), except to the extent that Parent is actually and
materially prejudiced by such failure. Such notice shall specify in reasonable detail the basis for such Tax Contest and shall include
a copy of the relevant portion of any correspondence received from any Governmental Authority. Parent will have the right to control,
at its own expense, any Tax Contest that relates to any Parent Indemnified Taxes provided, however, that Parent shall
(i) keep SpinCo reasonably informed of material developments with respect to such Tax Contest, (ii) consult with SpinCo before taking
any significant or material action in connection with such Tax Contest and (iii) to the extent such Tax Contest is reasonably expected
to give rise to Taxes of SpinCo, its Subsidiaries, or their Affiliates that are not Parent Indemnified Taxes, not settle, compromise or
abandon any such Tax Contest without obtaining the prior written consent of SpinCo (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed).

(d)Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the U.S. State and Local Tax Sharing Agreement shall control with respect
to any matters set forth therein.

Section 5.07Additional Matters.

(a)Any claim on account of a Liability that does not result from a Third-Party Claim shall be asserted by prompt written notice given
by the Indemnitee to the applicable Indemnifying Party. Any failure by an Indemnitee to give notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying
Partys indemnification obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party shall have been actually
prejudiced by such failure.

(b)In the event of payment by or on behalf of any Indemnifying Party to any Indemnitee in connection with any Third-Party Claim, such
Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated to and shall stand in the place of such Indemnitee as to any events or circumstances in respect
of which such Indemnitee may have any right, defense or claim relating to such Third-Party Claim against any claimant or plaintiff asserting
such Third-Party Claim or against any other Person. Such Indemnitee shall cooperate with such Indemnifying Party in a reasonable manner,
and at the cost and expense of such Indemnifying Party, in prosecuting any subrogated right, defense or claim.

(c)For the avoidance of doubt, Liabilities incurred by an Indemnitee pursuant to a contractual indemnification or similar obligation
granted to a third party in respect of Liabilities otherwise indemnifiable under Section 5.02 or Section 5.03 shall be indemnifiable
thereunder to the same extent that the underlying Liabilities would have been indemnifiable under Section 5.02 or Section 5.03.

(d)To the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, the rights to recovery of each Partys Subsidiaries in respect of any
past, present or future Action are hereby delegated

23 

to such Party. It is the intent of the Parties
that the foregoing delegation shall satisfy any Law requiring such delegation to be effected pursuant to a power of attorney or similar
instrument. The Parties and their respective Subsidiaries shall execute such further instruments or documents as may be necessary to effect
such delegation.

(e)Each of Parent and SpinCo hereby agrees that with respect to any Third-Party Claim or Action
pending as of the Distribution Date or commenced following the Distribution Date, in each case that (x) has named as a defendant one or
more members of the SpinCo Group but otherwise relates only to the Parent Assets, the Parent Group Employees or the Distribution or (y)
has named as a defendant one or more members of the Parent Group but otherwise relates only to SpinCo or the other members of the SpinCo
Group, the Parties shall use reasonable best efforts, each at its own expense, to cause each such nominal defendant to be removed as a
defendant from such Third-Party Claim or Action, as soon as reasonably practicable (including using reasonable best efforts to petition
the applicable court or counterparty to remove each such nominal defendant). 

Section 5.08Remedies Cumulative. The remedies provided in this Article V shall be cumulative and, subject to the provisions
of Section 5.01, Section 5.11 and Article XI, shall not preclude assertion by any Indemnitee of any other rights
or the seeking of any and all other remedies against any Indemnifying Party.

Section 5.09Covenant Not to Sue. Each Party hereby covenants and agrees that none of it, the members of such Partys Group or
any Person claiming through it shall bring an Action or otherwise assert any claim or defense against any Person, including before any
court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative agency anywhere in the world, and further (on behalf of itself, the members of such Partys
Group and any other Person claiming through it) waives and releases any claim or defense against any Person, alleging that: (a) the assumption
or retention of any SpinCo Liabilities by SpinCo on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements is
unlawful, a breach of a fiduciary or other duty, void, unenforceable, unconscionable, inequitable, or otherwise improper for any reason;
(b) the assumption or retention of any Parent Liabilities by Parent or a member of the Parent Group on the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements is unlawful, a breach of a fiduciary or other duty, void, unenforceable, unconscionable,
inequitable, or otherwise improper for any reason; (c) the provisions of this Agreement (including this Article V) or any Ancillary
Agreement are unlawful, a breach of a fiduciary or other duty, void, unenforceable, unconscionable, inequitable, or otherwise improper
for any reason; or (d) any member of the Parent Group owes fiduciary duties to any member of the SpinCo Group or any equity holder of
such member in his, her or its capacity as such with respect to this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement, any transaction contemplated
hereby or thereby or any agreement entered into in connection herewith or therewith.

Section 5.10Survival of Indemnities. The rights and obligations of each of Parent and SpinCo and their respective Indemnitees under
this Article V shall survive the sale or other transfer by any Party or its Affiliates of any Assets or businesses or the
assignment by it of any Liabilities.

24 

Section 5.11Indemnified Damages. Except as may expressly
be set forth in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, none of Parent, SpinCo, or any member of either Group shall in any event have
any Liability to the other or to any other member of the others Group, or to any other Parent Indemnitee or SpinCo Indemnitee,
as applicable, under this Agreement for any indirect, special, punitive, consequential, exemplary, enhanced or treble damages, whether
or not caused by or resulting from negligence or breach of obligations hereunder and whether or not informed of the possibility of the
existence of such damages provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 5.11 shall not limit an Indemnifying
Partys indemnification obligations hereunder with respect to any Liability any Indemnitee may have to any third party not affiliated
with any member of the Parent Group or the SpinCo Group for any indirect, special, punitive, consequential, exemplary, enhanced or treble
damages.

ARTICLE VI

ACCESS TO INFORMATION PRIVILEGE CONFIDENTIALITY

Section 6.01Agreement for Exchange of Information Archives.

(a)Except in the case of an Adversarial Action or threatened Adversarial Action, and subject to Section 6.01(b), each Party,
on behalf of its Group, shall provide or cause to be provided, to the other Party, at any time after the Distribution, as soon as reasonably
practicable after written request therefor, any Information relating to time periods on or prior to the Distribution Date in the possession
or under the control of such other Party or any other member of its Group, which the requesting Party or any other member of its Group:
(i) reasonably needs to comply with reporting, disclosure, filing or other requirements imposed on the requesting Party or any
member of its Group (including under applicable securities Laws), by any national securities exchange or any Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction over the requesting Party or any member of its Group; (ii) requests for use in any other judicial, regulatory, administrative
or other Action, including possible Actions anticipated in good faith, or in order to satisfy audit, accounting, regulatory, litigation
or other similar requirements; or (iii) reasonably needs to comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement;
provided that any request for information pursuant to this Section 6.01(a) shall be used only for the purposes described
in this paragraph.

(b)In the event that either Party determines in good faith that the disclosure of any Information pursuant to Section 6.01(a)
could be commercially detrimental, violate any Law or Contract or waive or jeopardize any attorney-client privilege, attorney work product
protection or other similar privilege or doctrine, such Party may restrict such information to view by the requesting Partys attorneys
and experts eyes only before providing access to or furnishing such Information to the requesting Party provided,
however, that such Party shall take all commercially reasonable measures to permit compliance with this Section 6.01(b)
in a manner that avoids any such harm or consequence.

Section 6.02Ownership of Information. Any Information owned by one Group that is provided to the requesting Party hereunder shall be
deemed to remain the property of the providing Party. Except as specifically set forth herein or any Ancillary Agreement, nothing herein
shall be construed as granting or conferring rights of license or otherwise in any such Information.

25 

Section 6.03Compensation for Providing Information.
Parent and SpinCo shall reimburse each other for the reasonable costs, if any, in complying with a request for Information pursuant to
this Article VI (whether or not such Information was a SpinCo Asset or Parent Asset).

Section 6.04Record Retention. To facilitate the possible exchange of Information pursuant to this Article VI and other provisions
of this Agreement, each Party shall use its reasonable best efforts to retain all Information in such Partys possession relating
to the other Party or its businesses, Assets or Liabilities, this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements.

Section 6.05Accounting Information. Without limiting the generality of Section 6.01 but subject to Section 6.01(b):

(a)Until the end of the first full fiscal year occurring after the Distribution Date (and for a reasonable period of time afterwards,
as determined in good faith by Parent, or as required by Law for Parent to prepare consolidated financial statements or complete a financial
statement audit for any period during which the financial results of SpinCo were consolidated with those of Parent), SpinCo shall use
its reasonable best efforts to enable Parent to meet its timetable for dissemination of its financial statements and to enable Parents
auditors to timely complete their annual audit and quarterly reviews of financial statements. As part of such efforts and during such
period as specified in the immediately preceding sentence, to the extent reasonably necessary for the preparation of financial statements
or completing an audit or review of financial statements or an audit of internal control over financial reporting, (i) SpinCo shall
authorize and direct its auditors to make available to Parents auditors, within a reasonable time prior to the date of Parents
auditors opinion or review report, both (x) the personnel who performed or will perform the annual audits and quarterly reviews
of SpinCo and (y) work papers to the extent related to such annual audits and quarterly reviews, to enable Parents auditors
to perform any procedures they consider reasonably necessary to take responsibility for the work of SpinCos auditors as it relates
to Parents auditors opinion or report and (ii) until all governmental audits of those financial statements of Parent
specified in the immediately preceding sentence are complete, SpinCo shall provide reasonable access during normal business hours for
Parents internal auditors, counsel and other designated representatives to (x) the premises of SpinCo and all Information (and
duplicating rights) within the knowledge, possession or control of SpinCo and (y) the officers and employees of SpinCo and its Subsidiaries,
so that Parent may conduct reasonable audits relating to the financial statements provided by SpinCo provided, however,
that such access shall not be unreasonably disruptive to the business and affairs of SpinCo; provided, further, that, any
request for access pursuant to this Section 6.05(a) shall be made in good faith and limited to the extent reasonable to satisfy
the good faith basis for such request.

(b)Until the end of the first full fiscal year occurring after the Distribution Date (and for a reasonable period of time afterwards,
as determined in good faith by SpinCo, or as required by Law for SpinCo to prepare consolidated financial statements or complete a financial
statement audit for any period during which the financial results of the Parent Group were consolidated those of Parent), Parent shall
use its reasonable best efforts to enable SpinCo to meet its timetable for dissemination of its financial statements and to enable SpinCos
auditors to timely complete their annual audit and quarterly reviews of financial statements. As part of such efforts, and during such
period as specified in the immediately preceding sentence, to the extent reasonably necessary for the preparation of financial statements
or completing an audit or review of financial

26 

statements or an audit of internal control
over financial reporting, (i) Parent shall authorize and direct its auditors to make available to SpinCos auditors, within
a reasonable time prior to the date of SpinCos auditors opinion or review report, both (x) the personnel who performed
or will perform the annual audits and quarterly reviews of Parent and (y) work papers to the extent related to such annual audits
and quarterly reviews, to enable SpinCos auditors to perform any procedures they consider reasonably necessary to take responsibility
for the work of Parents auditors as it relates to SpinCos auditors opinion or report and (ii) until all governmental
audits of those financial statements of SpinCo specified in the immediately preceding sentence are complete, Parent shall provide reasonable
access during normal business hours for SpinCos internal auditors, counsel and other designated representatives to (x) the
premises of Parent and its Subsidiaries and all Information (and duplicating rights) within the knowledge, possession or control of Parent
and its Subsidiaries and (y) the officers and employees of Parent and its Subsidiaries, so that SpinCo may conduct reasonable audits
relating to the financial statements provided by Parent and its Subsidiaries provided, however, that such access shall
not be unreasonably disruptive to the business and affairs of the Parent Group; provided, further, that, any request for
access pursuant to this Section 6.05(b) shall be made in good faith and limited to the extent reasonable to satisfy the good faith
basis for such request.

(c)Parents disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting (as each is contemplated by the
Exchange Act) are currently applicable to SpinCo as an indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (and not as a reporting company under
the Exchange Act). In order to enable the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of SpinCo to make the certifications
required of them under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 following the Distribution in respect of any quarterly or annual
fiscal period of SpinCo that begins on or prior to the Distribution Date in respect of which financial statements are not included in
the Form 10 (a Straddle Period), upon reasonable advance written request by SpinCo, Parent shall provide SpinCo with
one (1) or more certifications with respect to such disclosure controls and procedures and the effectiveness thereof and whether there
were any changes in the internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially
affect the internal control over financing reporting, which certification(s) shall (x) be with respect to the applicable Straddle Period
(it being understood that no certification need be provided with respect to any period or portion of any period after the Distribution
Date) and (y) be in substantially the same form as those that had been provided by officers or employees of Parent in similar certifications
delivered prior to the Distribution Date, with such changes thereto as Parent may reasonably determine. Such certification(s) shall be
provided to SpinCo by Parent (and not by any officer or employee in their individual capacity).

Section 6.06Limitations of Liability. Each of Parent (on behalf of itself and each other member of the Parent Group) and SpinCo (on
behalf of itself and any other member of the SpinCo Group) understands and agrees that neither Party is representing or warranting in
any way as to the accuracy or sufficiency of any Information exchanged or disclosed under this Agreement,

27 

including any Information that constitutes
an estimate or forecast or is based upon an estimate or forecast.

Section 6.07Production of Witnesses; Records; Cooperation.

(a)Without limiting any of the rights or obligations of the Parties pursuant to Section 6.01 or Section 6.04,
after the Distribution Date, except in the case of an Adversarial Action or threatened or contemplated Adversarial Action, and subject
to Section 6.01(b), each of Parent and SpinCo shall use their reasonable best efforts to make reasonably available, upon written
request: (i) the former, current and future directors, officers, employees, other personnel and agents of the Persons in its respective
Group (whether as witnesses or otherwise); and (ii) subject to Section 6.01(b), Information contemplated by Sections
6.01(a), in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) above, to the extent that such Person (giving consideration to business
demands of such directors, officers, employees, other personnel and agents) or books, records or other documents may reasonably be required
in connection with any Action, Commission comment or review or threatened or contemplated Action, Commission comment or review (including
preparation for any such Action, Commission comment or review) in which Parent, SpinCo or any Person or Persons in such Partys
Group, as applicable, may from time to time be involved, regardless of whether such Action, Commission comment or review or threatened
or contemplated Action, Commission comment or review is a matter with respect to which indemnification may be sought hereunder. The requesting
Party shall bear all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses in connection therewith.

(b)Without limiting the foregoing, Parent and SpinCo shall use their reasonable best efforts to cooperate and consult with each other
to the extent reasonably necessary with respect to any Actions or threatened or contemplated Actions (including in connection with preparation
for any such Action), other than an Adversarial Action or threatened or contemplated Adversarial Action.

(c)The obligations of Parent and SpinCo, pursuant to this Section 6.07, to use their reasonable best efforts to make available
former, current and future directors, officers, employees and other personnel and agents or provide witnesses and experts, except in the
case of an Adversarial Action or threatened or contemplated Adversarial Action, is intended to be interpreted in a manner so as to facilitate
cooperation and shall include the obligation to make available employees and other officers without regard to whether such individual
or the employer of such individual could assert a possible business conflict. Without limiting the foregoing, each of Parent and SpinCo
agrees that neither it nor any Person or Persons in such Partys Group will take any adverse action against any employee of its
Group based on such employees provision of assistance or information to each other pursuant to this Section 6.07.

Section 6.08Privileged Matters.

(a)Solely for purposes of asserting privileges which may be asserted under applicable Law: (x) the Parties recognize that legal and
other professional services that have been and will be provided prior to the Distribution (whether by outside counsel, in-house counsel,
other legal professionals, or other professionals acting at the direction of counsel) have been and will be rendered for the collective
benefit of Parent and its Subsidiaries (in such capacity) and (y) Parent,

28 

each other member of the Parent Group and SpinCo
shall be deemed to have been the client in connection with such services with respect to periods prior to the Distribution. The Parties
recognize that legal and other professional services will be provided following the Distribution, which services will be rendered solely
for the benefit of the Parent Group or the SpinCo Group, as the case may be.

(b)Subject to the terms of the Management Agreement and the Letter Agreement, Parent shall be entitled, in perpetuity, to control
the assertion or waiver of all privileges and immunities in connection with any privileged Information that relates solely to Parent Assets,
Parent Group Employees or the Distribution and not to the SpinCo Assets or the SpinCo Employees, whether or not the privileged Information
is in the possession or under the control of Parent or any other member of the Parent Group or SpinCo or any other member of the SpinCo
Group. Parent shall also be entitled, in perpetuity, to control the assertion or waiver of all privileges and immunities in connection
with any privileged Information that relates solely to any Parent Assets or Parent Liabilities, and not any SpinCo Assets or SpinCo Liabilities,
in connection with any Actions that are now pending or may be asserted in the future, whether or not the privileged Information is in
the possession or under the control of Parent or any other member of the Parent Group or SpinCo or any other member of the SpinCo Group.
For the avoidance of doubt, Information shall not be deemed to relate to the Parent Assets, Parent Group Employees or the Distribution
solely by virtue of the fact that personnel associated with the corporate function of Parent were involved in the production or evaluation
of such Information or otherwise involved in the Actions relating to such Information.

(c)SpinCo shall be entitled, in perpetuity, to control the assertion or waiver of all privileges and immunities in connection with
any privileged Information that relates solely to the SpinCo Assets or the SpinCo Employees and, subject to the terms of Management Agreement
and the Letter Agreement, not to the Parent Assets, Parent Group Employees or the Distribution, whether or not the privileged Information
is in the possession or under the control of SpinCo or any other member of the SpinCo Group or Parent or any other member of the Parent
Group. SpinCo shall also be entitled, in perpetuity, to control the assertion or waiver of all privileges and immunities in connection
with any privileged Information that relates solely to any SpinCo Assets or SpinCo Liabilities and, subject to the terms of the Management
Agreement and the Letter Agreement, not any Parent Assets or Parent Liabilities in connection with any Actions that are now pending or
may be asserted in the future, whether or not the privileged Information is in the possession or under the control of SpinCo or any other
member of the SpinCo Group or Parent or any other member of the Parent Group. For the avoidance of doubt, Information shall not be deemed
to relate to the SpinCo Assets or the SpinCo Employees solely by virtue of the fact that SpinCo personnel were involved in the production
or evaluation of such Information or otherwise involved in the Actions relating to such Information.

(d)Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section 6.08, the Parties agree that, subject to the terms of the Management
Agreement and the Letter Agreement, Parent shall be entitled, in perpetuity, to control the assertion or waiver of all privileges and
immunities in connection with privileged Information not otherwise allocated pursuant to this Section 6.08 in connection with
any Actions, or threatened or contemplated Actions, or other matters that involve both Parties (or one or more members of their respective
Groups), whether or not such privileged

29 

Information is in the possession or under the
control of SpinCo or any other member of the SpinCo Group or Parent or any other member of the Parent Group.

(e)Upon receipt by either Party, or by any other member of its respective Group, of any subpoena, discovery or other request (or of
written notice that it will receive or has received such subpoena, discovery or other request) that may reasonably be expected to result
in the production or disclosure of privileged Information subject to a shared privilege or immunity or as to which the other Party has
the sole right hereunder to assert a privilege or immunity, or if either Party obtains knowledge or becomes aware that any of its, or
any other member of its Groups, current or former directors, officers, agents or employees have received any subpoena, discovery
or other requests (or have received written notice that they will receive or have received such subpoena, discovery or other requests)
that may reasonably be expected to result in the production or disclosure of such privileged Information, such Party shall promptly notify
the other Party of the existence of any such subpoena, discovery or other request and shall provide the other Party a reasonable opportunity
to review the privileged Information and to assert any rights it or they may have, under this Section 6.08 or otherwise, to
prevent the production or disclosure of such privileged Information provided that if such Party is prohibited by applicable
Law from disclosing the existence of such subpoena, discovery or other request, such Party shall provide written notice of such related
information for which disclosure is not prohibited by applicable Law and use reasonable best efforts to inform the other Party of any
related information such Party reasonably determines is necessary or appropriate for the other Party to be informed of to enable the other
Party to review the privileged Information and to assert its rights, under this Section 6.08 or otherwise, to prevent the
production or disclosure of such privileged Information.

(f)The Parties agree that their respective rights to any access to Information, witnesses and other Persons, the furnishing of notices
and documents and other cooperative efforts between the Parties contemplated by this Agreement, and the transfer of privileged Information
between the Parties and other members of their respective Groups pursuant to this Agreement, shall not be deemed a waiver of any privilege
that has been or may be asserted under this Agreement or otherwise. The Parties further agree that: (i) the exchange by one Party
to the other Party of any Information that should not have been exchanged pursuant to the terms of Section 6.09 shall not be deemed
to constitute a waiver of any privilege or immunity that has been or may be asserted under this Agreement or otherwise with respect to
such privileged Information; and (ii) the Party receiving such privileged Information shall promptly return such privileged Information
to the Party who has the right to assert the privilege or immunity.

Section 6.09Confidential Information.

(a)From and after the Effective Time until the five (5)-year anniversary of the Effective Time (or in the case of trade secrets, for
so long as such trade secrets constitute trade secrets under applicable Law), except as otherwise provided in the Management Agreement
and the Letter Agreement, each of Parent and SpinCo, on behalf of itself and each other member of its Group, shall hold, and cause its
respective Representatives to hold, in strict confidence, not release or disclose and protect with at least the same degree of care, but
no less than a reasonable degree of care, that it applies to its own confidential and proprietary information pursuant to policies in
effect as of the Distribution Date, all confidential or proprietary Information concerning the Parent Group (in the case of SpinCo or
a member of its Group) or the SpinCo Group (in the case of Parent

30 

or a member of its Group) (such Groups,
Specified Confidential Information) that is either in its possession (including such Specified Confidential Information
in its possession prior to the Distribution) or furnished by the other Group or its respective Representatives at any time pursuant to
this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, and shall not use any such Specified Confidential Information other than for such purposes
as shall be expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, except, in each case, to the extent that such Specified Confidential Information
is: (i) in the public domain at the time it is received by the Parent Group, the SpinCo Group or any of their respective Representatives,
as applicable; (ii) becomes public other than by reason of a disclosure in breach of this Section 6.09(a) by the Parent Group,
the SpinCo Group or any of their respective Representatives, as applicable; (iii) was already in the possession of the Parent Group, the
SpinCo Group or any of their respective Representatives, as applicable, lawfully and on a non-confidential basis prior to the time it
was received by the Parent Group, the SpinCo Group or any of their respective Representatives, as applicable, (iv) was obtained by the
Parent Group, the SpinCo Group or any of their respective Representatives, as applicable, from a third party which, to Parents
or SpinCos knowledge, was not disclosed in breach of an obligation of such third party not to disclose such information or (v)
was developed independently by or on behalf of the Parent Group, the SpinCo Group or their respective Representatives, as applicable,
without using or referring to any of the disclosing Groups Specified Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each
of Parent and SpinCo may release or disclose, or permit to be released or disclosed, any such Specified Confidential Information of the
other Group (A) to their respective Representatives who need to know such Specified Confidential Information (who shall be advised
of the obligations hereunder with respect to such Specified Confidential Information), (B) to any nationally recognized statistical rating
organization as it reasonably deems necessary, solely for the purpose of obtaining a rating of securities or other debt instruments upon
normal terms and conditions, (C) if such Party or any other member of its Group is required or compelled to disclose any such Specified
Confidential Information by judicial or administrative process (including any proceeding brought by a Governmental Authority) or by other
requirements of Law or stock exchange rule, in each case, to the extent such Party is advised by counsel that it is advisable to do so,
(D) as required in connection with any legal or other proceeding by one Party against the other Party or in respect of claims by one Party
against the other Party brought in a proceeding, (E) as necessary in order to permit a Party to prepare and disclose its financial statements,
Tax Returns or other required disclosures under applicable Law or in connection with the Distribution and (F) as necessary for a Party
to enforce its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement provided, however,
that, with respect to clause (A) hereof: (1) such Representatives shall keep such Specified Confidential Information confidential
and will not disclose such Specified Confidential Information to any other Person and (2) each Party agrees that it is responsible
to the other Party for any action or failure to act that would constitute a breach or violation of this Section 6.09(a) by any
such Representative; with respect to clause (B) hereof, the Party whose Specified Confidential Information is being disclosed or released
to such rating organization is promptly notified thereof in writing in advance of such disclosure or release; with respect to public disclosures
pursuant to clause (C) hereof, that the Party required to disclose such Specified Confidential Information gives the other Party
a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the portion of such disclosure containing or reflecting Specified Confidential Information
prior to the disclosure thereof; and, in the case of disclosure required by judicial or administrative process pursuant to clause (C)
hereof or disclosure pursuant to clause (D) hereof, that the Party required to disclose such Specified Confidential Information gives
the other Party

31 

prompt and, to the extent reasonably practicable
and legally permissible, prior notice of such disclosure and an opportunity to contest such disclosure and shall use reasonable best efforts
to cooperate, at the expense of the requesting Party, in seeking any reasonable protective arrangements requested by such Party. In the
event that such appropriate protective order or other remedy is not obtained, the Party that is required to disclose such Specified Confidential
Information of the other Group shall furnish, or cause to be furnished, only that portion of such Specified Confidential Information that
is legally required to be disclosed and shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that confidential treatment is accorded such Specified
Confidential Information.

(b)Each Party acknowledges that it or other members of its Group may presently have and, after the Distribution, may gain access to
or possession of confidential or proprietary Information of, or legally protected personal Information relating to, third parties: (i)
that was received under confidentiality or non-disclosure agreements entered into between such third parties, on the one hand, and the
other Party or members of such other Partys Group, on the other hand, prior to the Distribution or (ii) that, as between the two
Parties, was originally collected by the other Party or such other Partys Group and that may be subject to and protected by privacy,
data protection or other applicable Laws. Each Party agrees that it shall hold, protect and use, and shall cause the other members of
its Group and direct its and their respective Representatives to hold, protect and use, in strict confidence the confidential and proprietary
Information of, or legally protected personal Information relating to, third parties in accordance with privacy, data protection or other
applicable Laws and the terms of any Contracts that were either entered into before the Distribution or affirmative commitments or representations
that were made before the Distribution by, between or among the other Party or members of the other Partys Group, on the one hand,
and such third parties, on the other hand.

Section 6.10Tax Information and Cooperation. Each of Parent and SpinCo shall reasonably cooperate and shall cause their respective Affiliates
and Representatives to reasonably cooperate, in respect of the Distribution, in preparing and filing all Tax Returns relating to any Pre-Distribution
Tax Period, including maintaining and making available to each other, and to any Governmental Authority as reasonably requested, their
respective employees and all records reasonably necessary in connection with Taxes of the SpinCo Group and in resolving all Tax Contests
relating to a Pre-Distribution Tax Period. Parent and SpinCo agree to use commercially reasonable efforts (i) to retain all books and
records (or, in the alternative, to deliver such books and records to SpinCo) with respect to Tax matters pertinent to the SpinCo Group
relating to any Tax period beginning before the Distribution Date until ninety (90) days after the expiration of the applicable statute
of limitations and to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any Governmental Authority and (ii) to allow the other
Party and its Representatives, at times and dates mutually acceptable to the Parties, to inspect, review and make copies of such records
as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate from time to time, such activities to be conducted during normal business hours and at such
Partys expense. The Party requesting such cooperation will bear the reasonable out-of-pocket costs of the other Party. In no event
shall any Party be entitled to receive information under this Section 6.10 that does not relate solely to the SpinCo Assets, the
SpinCo Employees or the SpinCo Group except that, in the case of Tax information relating in part to the SpinCo Group, a Party otherwise
required to provide Tax information under this Section 6.10 shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Tax information
as relates solely to the SpinCo Assets, the SpinCo Employees or the SpinCo Group (which may

32 

include, to the extent commercially reasonable,
redacted versions of such information that show solely the portions of the relevant materials that relate solely to the SpinCo Assets,
the SpinCo Employees or the SpinCo Group).

ARTICLE VII

EMPLOYEE MATTERS

Section 7.01Retention of Benefit Plans.

(a)Retained Benefit Plans. Except as set forth in Section 7.02(d) or Section 8.03, Parent shall, or shall cause
the other members of the Parent Group to, retain all Benefit Plans (and related trusts, if applicable), all Assets (including any insurance
contracts, policies or other funding vehicles) and Liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from health and welfare coverage
or other claims under the Benefit Plans whether arising before, at or after the Distribution Date, with such changes, modifications or
amendments as may be required by applicable Law or to reflect the Spin-Off.

(b)No Duplication or Acceleration of Benefits. No provision in this Agreement shall be construed to (i) create any right to
accelerate vesting of distributions or entitlements under any Benefit Plan on the part of any Employee or Former Employee or (ii) limit
the ability of Parent or any other member of the Parent Group or SpinCo or any other member of the SpinCo Group to amend, merge, modify,
eliminate, reduce or otherwise alter in any respect any benefit under any Benefit Plan sponsored or maintained by a member of the Parent
Group or a member of the SpinCo Group, respectively, or any trust, insurance policy or funding vehicle related thereto.

(c)Beneficiaries. References to Parent Group Employees, Former Employees, SpinCo Employees, and current and former nonemployee
directors of either Parent or SpinCo shall be deemed to refer to their beneficiaries, dependents, survivors and alternate payees, as applicable

Section 7.02Employees.

(a)Assignment and Transfer of Employees. Effective as of no later than the Distribution Effective Time, the applicable member
of the Parent Group shall have taken such actions as are necessary to ensure that (i) each SpinCo Employee is employed by SpinCo as of
immediately prior to the Distribution and (ii) each Employee not covered by Section 7.02(a)(i) is employed by a member of the Parent
Group as of immediately prior to the Distribution. Each of the Parties agrees to execute, and to seek to have the applicable Employees
execute, such documentation, if any, as may be necessary to reflect such assignment and/or transfer.

(b)At-Will Status. Nothing in this Agreement shall create any obligation on the part of any member of the Parent Group or any
member of the SpinCo Group to (i) continue the employment of any Employee or permit the return from a leave of absence for any period
after the date of this Agreement (except as required by applicable Law) or (ii) change the employment status of any Employee from
at-will, to the extent that such Employee is an at-will employee under applicable Law. Except as provided
in this

33 

Agreement, this Agreement shall not limit the
ability of any member of the Parent Group or any member of the SpinCo Group to change the position, compensation or benefits of any Employees
for performance-related, business or any other reason.

(c)Not a Change in Control or Termination of Employment or Service. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Spin-Off and
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and the assignment, transfer or continuation of the employment of Employees as contemplated
by this Section 7.02, shall (i) not be deemed a change in control, change of control, or term of similar
import for purposes of any Benefit Plan (including the Parent Awards) sponsored or maintained by any member of the Parent Group or any
member of the SpinCo Group and (ii) not be deemed an involuntary termination of employment entitling any SpinCo Employee or Parent Group
Employee to non-compete, severance, change in control or other payments or benefits (including under the Parent Awards) or the termination
of service for any non-employee director.

(d)Assignment by Parent and Assumption by SpinCo. Parent shall assign, or cause any other applicable member of the Parent Group
to assign, to SpinCo all Individual Agreements relating to the SpinCo Employees set forth on Schedule 7.02(d) (collectively, the
SpinCo Individual Agreements), with such assignment to be effective as of no later than the Distribution Effective
Time. Effective as of the Distribution Effective Time, SpinCo shall assume the SpinCo Individual Agreements. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in lieu of such assignment, Parent may, or may cause any other applicable member of the Parent Group to, enter into amended and restated
SpinCo Individual Agreements with SpinCo and the applicable SpinCo Employee to reflect the transfer of such SpinCo Employee to SpinCo.

Section 7.03No Third-Party Beneficiaries. No current or former Employee, officer, director, or independent contractor or any other individual
associated therewith shall be regarded for any purpose as a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is intended
to amend any Benefit Plan or affect the applicable plan sponsors right to amend or terminate any Benefit Plan pursuant to the terms
of such plan or arrangement.

ARTICLE VIII

EQUITY, INCENTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

Section 8.01Generally. Each Parent Award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Distribution shall be adjusted as described
below; provided, however, that if the Post-Separation Parent Stock Value is equal to or greater than the Pre-Separation
Parent Stock Value, no adjustments shall be made to the outstanding Parent Awards. Prior to the Distribution, Parent shall take all necessary
actions to cause the Company, as the sole stockholder of SpinCo, to approve the SpinCo Omnibus Plan. SpinCo agrees to file a registration
statement on Form S-8 (and, solely with respect to SpinCo RSU Awards for which the underlying shares of SpinCo Common Stock are not eligible
for registration on Form S-8, a registration statement on Form S-3 or Form S-1) with respect to, and to cause to be registered pursuant
to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the shares of SpinCo Common Stock authorized for
issuance under the SpinCo Omnibus Plan, as required pursuant to the Securities Act, not later than the

34 

Distribution and in any event before the date
of issuance of any shares of SpinCo Common Stock pursuant to the SpinCo Omnibus Plan.

Section 8.02Equity Incentive Awards.

(a)Option Awards. Each Parent Option Award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Distribution shall be converted,
as of the Distribution Date, into a Post-Separation Parent Option Award and, except as otherwise provided in this Section 8.02(a),
shall be subject to the same terms and conditions (including with respect to vesting and expiration) after the Distribution as applicable
to such Parent Option Award immediately prior to the Distribution. From and after the Distribution (i) the number of shares of Parent
Common Stock subject to such Post-Separation Parent Option Award shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the number
of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to the corresponding Parent Option Award immediately prior to the Distribution by (B) the Parent
Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares; and (ii) the per-share exercise price of such Post-Separation Parent Option
Award shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the per share exercise price of the corresponding Parent Option Award as
of immediately prior to the Distribution by (B) the Parent Ratio, rounded up to the nearest cent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Section 8.02(a), the exercise price and the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to each Post-Separation Parent
Option Award, and the terms and conditions of exercise of such options, shall be determined in a manner consistent with the requirements
of Section 409A of the Code.

35 

(b)RSU Awards. Each Parent RSU Award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Distribution shall be converted, as
of the Distribution Date, into a Post-Separation Parent RSU Award and, except as otherwise provided in this Section 8.02(b), shall
be subject to the same terms and conditions (including with respect to vesting) after the Distribution as were applicable to such Parent
RSU Award immediately prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that from and after the Distribution Date, the number
of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to such Post-Separation Parent RSU Award shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying
(A) the number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to the corresponding Parent RSU Award immediately prior to the Distribution by
(B) the Parent Ratio, rounded to the nearest whole number of shares.

(c)Performance-Based RSU Awards. Each Parent Performance-Based RSU Award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the
Distribution shall be converted, as of the Distribution Date, into a Post-Separation Parent Performance-Based RSU Award and, except as
otherwise provided in this Section 8.02(c), shall be subject to the same terms and conditions (including with respect to time-based
and performance-based vesting) after the Distribution as were applicable to such Parent Performance-Based RSU Award immediately prior
to the Distribution; provided, however, that from and after the Distribution Date, the target number of shares of Parent
Common Stock subject to such Post-Separation Parent Performance-Based RSU Award shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying
(A) the target number of shares of Parent Common Stock subject to the corresponding Parent Performance-Based RSU Award immediately prior
to the Distribution by (B) the Parent Ratio, rounded to the nearest whole number of shares.

(d)Settlement, Delivery; Tax Withholding and Reporting.

(i)After the Effective Time, Post-Separation Parent Option Awards, Post-Separation Parent Performance-Based RSU Awards, and Post-Separation
Parent RSU, regardless of by whom held, shall be settled by Parent.

(ii)Upon the vesting, payment or settlement, as applicable, of Post-Separation Parent Option Awards, Post-Separation Parent Performance-Based
RSU Awards and Post-Separation Parent RSU Awards, Parent shall be responsible for ensuring the collection of applicable Tax withholding
(in the case of a SpinCo Employee, solely to the extent that such award results in compensatory income to such individual that is subject
to withholding), the withholding and remittance of the applicable employee-side employment Taxes and the payment and remittance of the
applicable employer-side employment Taxes to the applicable Governmental Authority.

(iii)After the Effective Time, Parent shall be responsible for all income Tax and employment Tax reporting in respect of Post-Separation
Parent Option Awards, Post-Separation Parent Performance-Based RSU Awards and Post-Separation Parent RSU Awards. 

(iv)The Parties agree that they shall cooperate to avoid the duplication of any employment Taxes (such as social security Taxes) subject
to an applicable wage base. The Parties will cooperate and communicate with each other and

36 

with third-party vendors to effectuate
withholding, remittance and reporting of Taxes in a timely, efficient and appropriate manner.

Section 8.03Non-Equity Incentive Practices and Plan.

(a)Bonuses. SpinCo shall assume all Liabilities with respect to any bonuses that would otherwise be payable to SpinCo Employees
for any performance periods that are open when the Distribution occurs and thereafter, and no member of the Parent Group shall have any
obligations with respect thereto. The Parent Group shall retain all Liabilities with respect to any bonuses that would otherwise be payable
to Parent Group Employees and Former Employees for any performance periods that are open when the Distribution occurs and thereafter,
and none of SpinCo or any other member of the SpinCo Group shall have any obligations with respect thereto.

(b)Other Cash Incentive Plans. No later than the Distribution Date, SpinCo shall assume as necessary any cash incentive plan
for the exclusive benefit of SpinCo Employees, whether or not sponsored by SpinCo, and, from and after the Distribution Date, shall be
solely responsible for all Liabilities thereunder. No later than the Distribution Date, the Parent Group shall continue to retain any
cash incentive plan for the exclusive benefit of Parent Group Employees and Former Employees and, from and after the Distribution, shall
be solely responsible for all Liabilities thereunder.

Section 8.04Director Compensation. Parent shall be responsible for the payment of any fees for service on the Parent Board that are
earned before, at or after the Distribution, and SpinCo shall not have any responsibility for any such payments. With respect to any SpinCo
non-employee director, SpinCo shall be responsible for the payment of any fees for service on the SpinCo Board that are earned at any
time after the Distribution, and Parent shall not have any responsibility for any such payments. For the avoidance of doubt, for any Dual-Role
Director, Parent shall be responsible for the payment of such directors fees in connection with such directors service on
the Parent Board before, on and after the Distribution Date, and SpinCo shall be responsible for the payment of such directors
fees in connection with such directors service on the SpinCo Board on and after the Distribution Date.

ARTICLE IX

FURTHER ASSURANCES AND ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

Section 9.01Further Assurances.

(a)In addition to the actions specifically provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, but subject to the express limitations of this
Agreement, each of the Parties shall, subject to Section 4.03, use reasonable best efforts, prior to, on and after the Distribution
Date, to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable
under applicable Laws and agreements to consummate, and make effective, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

37 

(b) Without limiting the foregoing, but subject to the express limitations and other provisions of this Agreement and of the Ancillary
Agreements, prior to, on and after the Distribution Date, each Party shall cooperate with the other Parties, without any further consideration,
but at the expense of the requesting Party: (i) to execute and deliver, or use reasonable best efforts to execute and deliver, or
cause to be executed and delivered, all instruments, including any instruments of conveyance, assignment and transfer as such Party may
reasonably be requested to execute and deliver by the other Parties; (ii) to deliver all required notices and make, or cause to be
made, all filings with, and to obtain, or cause to be obtained, all Consents of any Governmental Authority or any other Person under any
permit, license, Contract or other instrument; (iii) to obtain, or cause to be obtained, any Governmental Approvals or other Consents
required to effect the Spin-Off; and (iv) to take, or cause to be taken, all such other actions as such Party may reasonably be requested
to take by the other Parties from time to time, consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, in order to
effectuate the provisions and purposes of this Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and any transfers of Assets or assignments and assumptions
of Liabilities hereunder and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE X

TERMINATION

Section 10.01Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by Parent at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution.

Section 10.02Effect of Termination. In the event of any termination of this Agreement prior to the Distribution, neither Party (nor any
other member of its Group or any of its directors or officers) shall have any Liability or further obligation to the other Party or any
other member of its Group under this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements.

ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 11.01Counterparts Entire Agreement Corporate Power.

(a)This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which counterparts shall be considered one and the same agreement,
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the other Party. This Agreement
may be executed by facsimile or PDF signature and scanned and exchanged by electronic mail, and such facsimile or PDF signature or scanned
and exchanged copies shall constitute an original for all purposes.

(b)This Agreement, the Ancillary Agreements and the Exhibits and Schedules hereto and thereto contain the entire agreement between
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous agreements, negotiations, discussions, writings, understandings,
commitments and conversations with respect to such subject matter, and there are

38 

no agreements or understandings between the
Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those set forth or referred to herein or therein.

(c)Parent represents on behalf of itself and each other member of the Parent Group, and SpinCo represents on behalf of itself, as
follows:

(i)each such Person has the requisite corporate or other power and authority and has taken all corporate or other action necessary
in order to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby and

(ii)this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party has been (or, in the case of any Ancillary Agreement, will be
on or prior to the Distribution Date) duly executed and delivered by it and constitutes, or will constitute a valid and binding agreement
of it enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof.

Section 11.02Negotiation. In the event of any claim, controversy, demand or request for relief of any kind arising out of, in connection
with, or in relation to the interpretation, performance, nonperformance, validity or breach of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement
(other than the Management Agreement and the Letter Agreement) or otherwise arising out of or related to this Agreement or any such Ancillary
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, including any Action based on contract, tort, equity, statute, regulation
or constitution (collectively, Disputes), the Party raising the Dispute shall give written notice of the Dispute
(a Dispute Notice), and the executive officers designated by the Parties (or such other individuals designated by
such executive officers) shall negotiate for a reasonable period of time to settle such Dispute; provided that such reasonable
period shall not, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, exceed ninety (90) days (the Negotiation Period)
from the time of receipt of the Dispute Notice; provided further, that in the event of any arbitration in accordance with Section
11.03, (x) the Parties shall not assert the defenses of statute of limitations, laches or any other defense, in each such case based
on the passage of time during the Negotiation Period, and (y) any contractual time period or deadline under this Agreement or any such
Ancillary Agreement relating to such Dispute occurring after the Dispute Notice is received shall not be deemed to have passed until such
arbitration has been resolved. For the avoidance of doubt, any dispute or disagreement between the parties to the Management Agreement
or the Letter Agreement arising out of or in connection with any term or provision thereof, the subject matter thereof, or the interpretation
or enforcement thereof, shall be exclusively governed by the terms set forth in the Letter Agreement or the Management Agreement, as applicable.

Section 11.03Arbitration.

(a)Arbitration Procedures. If the Parties are unable to resolve the Dispute pursuant to Section 11.02, then the Parties
shall submit the Dispute to final and binding arbitration in New York, New York, administered by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation
Services (JAMS), or its successor, in accordance with the rules and procedures of JAMS then in effect. The Parties
agree that any and all Disputes (which for purposes of this Section 11.03 will be deemed to include any action pursuant to the
immediately preceding sentence) that are submitted to arbitration shall

39 

be decided by three (3) neutral arbitrators
who are retired judges or attorneys licensed to practice law in New York who are experienced in complex commercial transactions. Each
Party shall select one (1) arbitrator and those Party-selected arbitrators shall jointly select the third (3rd) arbitrator,
who shall act as chair of the arbitral tribunal. If the Party-selected arbitrators are unable to select the third (3rd) arbitrator,
JAMS shall designate the third (3rd) arbitrator. The Parties will cooperate with JAMS and with one another in selecting such
arbitrators and in scheduling the arbitration proceedings in accordance with applicable JAMS procedures. The arbitration shall be conducted
in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Rules. Any Party may commence the arbitration process called for in this Agreement by filing
a written demand for arbitration with JAMS, with a copy to the other Party. The Parties agree that they will participate in the arbitration
in good faith and the administrative costs and arbitrators fees associated with the arbitration shall be allocated to the Parties
as determined by the arbitrators based upon the relative success (in terms of percentages) of each Partys claim. For example, if
Parent and SpinCo commence arbitration proceedings and the final determination by the arbitrators reflects a sixty (60)-forty (40) compromise
of the Parties claims, the arbitrators would allocate expenses forty percent (40%) to the Party whose claim was determined to be
sixty percent (60%) successful and sixty percent (60%) to the Party whose claims was determined to be forty (40%) successful; provided,
however, that each Party participating in any arbitration proceedings will bear such Partys own attorneys fees and
costs associated with the arbitration, unless such Party is ordered to pay reasonable costs and expenses pursuant to the final determination
by the arbitrators. The arbitral tribunal shall apply Delaware law without reference to conflicts of laws principles that would result
in the application of the law of a jurisdiction other than Delaware. Any award issued as a result of such arbitration shall be final and
binding among the Parties and shall be enforceable by any court having jurisdiction over such Party against whom enforcement is sought.
The Parties expressly acknowledge and understand that by entering into this Agreement, each Party is waiving such Partys respective
rights to have any Dispute between the Parties adjudicated by a court or by a jury.

(b)Confidentiality. Except as may be required by applicable Law or court order, the Parties agree to maintain confidentiality
as to all aspects of any arbitration, including its existence and results, except that nothing herein shall prevent any Party from disclosing
information regarding such arbitration for purposes of proceedings to enforce this clause or to enforce the award or for purposes of seeking
provisional remedies from a court of competent jurisdiction. The Parties further agree to obtain the agreement of the arbitral tribunal
to preserve the confidentiality of the arbitration.

(c)Provisional Relief. By agreeing to arbitration, the Parties do not intend to deprive the Delaware Courts of their ability
to issue any form of provisions remedy, including but not limited to a preliminary injunction or attachment in aid of the arbitration,
or to order any appropriate interim or conservatory measure. A request for such provisional remedy or interim or conservatory measure
by a Party to a Delaware Court shall not be deemed a waiver of this agreement to arbitrate.

Section 11.04Specific Performance. Subject to Section 11.02 and Section 11.03, except as provided below, in the event of
any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement or any applicable Ancillary
Agreement, the affected Party shall have the right to specific performance, declaratory relief and injunctive or

40 

other equitable relief (on a permanent, emergency,
temporary, preliminary or interim basis) of its rights under this Agreement or any applicable Ancillary Agreement, in addition to any
and all other rights and remedies at Law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The other Party shall not
oppose the granting of such relief on the basis that money damages are an adequate remedy. The Parties agree that the remedies at Law
for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including monetary damages, are inadequate compensation for any loss and that any defense
in any action for specific performance that a remedy at Law would be adequate is hereby waived. Any requirements for the securing or posting
of any bond or similar security with such remedy are hereby waived. For the avoidance of doubt, the rights pursuant to this Section
11.04 shall be pursued in arbitration under Section 11.03.

Section 11.05No Set-Off; Payments. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement or in any Ancillary Agreement or as
otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by the Parties, neither Party nor any member of such Partys Group shall have any right
of set-off or other similar rights with respect to (a) amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement or (b) any
other amounts claimed to be owed to the other Party or any member of its Group arising out of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement.

Section 11.06Continuity of Service and Performance. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the Parties shall continue to provide services
and honor all other commitments under this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement during the course of dispute resolution pursuant to
the provisions of Section 11.02, Section 11.03 or Section 11.04 with respect to all matters not subject to such dispute
resolution.

Section 11.07Governing Law. This Agreement and any disputes relating to, arising out of or resulting from this Agreement, including to
its execution, performance, or enforcement, shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the Laws of the State
of Delaware, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of Laws thereof.

Section 11.08Assignability. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any right, interest or obligation
arising under this Agreement shall be assignable (including by means of a divisional or divisive merger or similar transaction), in whole
or in part, directly or indirectly, by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, and any attempt to assign any
rights, interests or obligations arising under this Agreement without such consent shall be void.

Section 11.09Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except for the rights of the members of each Partys Group as set forth herein, and for
the indemnification rights under this Agreement of any Parent Indemnitee or SpinCo Indemnitee in his, her or its capacity as such, (a) the
provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Parties and are not intended to confer upon any Person except the Parties
any rights or remedies hereunder and (b) there are no third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and this Agreement shall not provide
any third person with any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action or other right in excess of those existing without
reference to this Agreement.

41 

Section 11.10Notices. All notices or other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be duly given (a) when delivered in person, (b) on the date
received, if sent by a nationally recognized delivery or courier service, (c) upon written confirmation of receipt after transmittal
by electronic mail (followed by delivery of an original via overnight courier service) or (d) upon the earlier of confirmed receipt
or the fifth (5th) Business Day following the date of mailing if sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid and addressed as follows:

If to Parent, to:

CompoSecure, Inc.

309 Pierce Street

Somerset, NJ 08873

Attn: Corporate Secretary

with a copy to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019-6064

Attn: Scott A. Barshay

Laura C. Turano

If to SpinCo, to:

Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

445 Park Avenue, Suite 5B

New York, NY 10022

Attn: Thomas R. Knott

with a copy to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019-6064

Attn: Scott A. Barshay

Laura C. Turano

Either Party may, by notice to the other Party,
change the address and identity of the Person to which such notices and copies of such notices are to be given. Each Party agrees that
nothing in this Agreement shall affect the other Partys right to serve process in any other manner permitted by Law (including
pursuant to the rules for foreign service of process authorized by the Hague Convention).

Section 11.11Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance is determined
by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof, or the

42 

application of such provision to Persons or
circumstances, or in jurisdictions other than those as to which it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated thereby, so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either Party. Upon any such determination, any such provision,
to the extent determined to be invalid, void or unenforceable, shall be deemed replaced by a provision that such arbitrator or court determines
is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid, void or unenforceable provision.

Section 11.12Publicity. Each of Parent and SpinCo shall consult with the other and shall, subject to the requirements of Section 6.09,
provide the other Party the opportunity to review and comment upon any press releases or other public statements in connection with the
Spin-Off or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby and any filings with any Governmental Authority or national securities exchange
with respect thereto, in each case prior to the issuance or filing thereof, as applicable (including the Information Statement, the Parties
respective Current Reports on Form 8-K to be filed on the Distribution Date, the Parties respective Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q filed with respect to the fiscal quarter during which the Distribution Date occurs, or if such quarter is the fourth fiscal quarter,
the Parties respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed with respect to the fiscal year during which the Distribution Date occurs
(each such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K, a First Post-Distribution Report)).
Each Partys obligations pursuant to this Section 11.12 shall terminate on the date on which such Partys First
Post-Distribution Report is filed with the Commission.

Section 11.13Expenses. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement or in any Ancillary Agreement, (a) all third-party fees, costs
and expenses incurred by either Parent, any other member of the Parent Group or SpinCo in connection with effecting the Spin-Off prior
to or on the Distribution Date will be borne and paid by Parent and (b) all third-party fees, costs and expenses incurred by either
the Parent Group or the SpinCo Group in connection with effecting the Spin-Off following the Distribution Date, will be borne and paid
by the Party incurring such fee, cost or expense. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 11.13 shall not affect each Partys
responsibility to indemnify Parent Liabilities or SpinCo Liabilities, as applicable, arising from the transactions contemplated by the
Distribution.

Section 11.14Headings. The article, section and paragraph headings contained in this Agreement, including in the table of contents of
this Agreement, are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 11.15Survival of Covenants. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, the covenants in this Agreement and the Liabilities
for the breach of any obligations in this Agreement shall survive the Spin-Off and shall remain in full force and effect.

Section 11.16Waivers of Default. No failure or delay of any Party (or the applicable member of its Group) in exercising any right or
remedy under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of conduct, preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. Waiver by any Party of any default by the other Party
of any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver
by the waiving Party of any subsequent or other default.

43 

Section 11.17Amendments. No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any Party, unless
such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the authorized representative of each Party; provided
that a Party may assign any or all of its rights, interests and obligations hereunder to any other member of such Partys Group,
so long as such assignee agrees pursuant to an agreement in writing reasonably satisfactory to the other Party to be bound by the terms
of this Agreement as if named a Party; provided, further, that no assignment permitted by this Section
11.17 shall release the assigning Party from liability for the full performance of its obligations under this Agreement, unless agreed
to in writing by the non-assigning Party. In the case of any assignment permitted by this Section 11.17, the assigning Party shall
provide prompt written notice of such assignment to the non-assigning Party.

Section 11.18Interpretation. Words in the singular shall be held to include the plural and vice versa and words of one gender shall be
held to include the other gender as the context requires. The terms hereof, herein, herewith
and words of similar import, unless otherwise stated, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole (including all of the Schedules
hereto) and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. Article, Section or Schedule references are to the Articles, Sections
and Schedules of or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Any capitalized terms used in any Schedule to this Agreement or to any
Ancillary Agreement but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreement to
which such Schedule is attached, as applicable. Any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein (including
any reference herein to this Agreement) shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other
document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements
or modifications set forth therein, including in Section 11.17). The word including and words of similar import
when used in this Agreement shall mean including, without limitation, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise
specified. The word or shall not be exclusive. The word extent in the phrase to the extent shall
mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply if. All references to $
or dollar amounts are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. References herein to any Law shall be deemed to refer to
such Law as amended, reenacted, supplemented or superseded in whole or in part and in effect from time to time and also to all rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, the Parties (or their respective Group members) shall
make, or cause to be made, any payment that is required to be made pursuant to this Agreement as promptly as practicable and without regard
to any local currency constraints or similar restrictions. In the event that an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises,
this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or
disfavoring either Party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions hereof.

[Remainder of page left intentionally blank;
signature pages follow.]

44 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first noted above by their duly authorized representatives.

COMPOSECURE, INC. 

By: /s/ Jonathan C. Wilk 

Name: Jonathan C. Wilk 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT, INC. 

By: /s/ Thomas R. Knott 

Name: Thomas R. Knott 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Separation and Distribution Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>eh250596666_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

This MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT,
dated as of February 28, 2025, is entered into by and between CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the
Company), and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Manager).

WHEREAS, the board of directors
(the Parent Board) of CompoSecure, Inc., a Delaware corporation and parent of the Company (the Parent),
has determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders for Parent to establish a management business
to be conducted by Manager and subsequently spin off the Manager, as an independent publicly traded company (the Spin-Off);

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to retain the Manager to provide various management and other related services with respect to the Company in the manner and on the terms
herein set forth

WHEREAS, the Manager is
willing to provide such management and related services in the manner and on the terms hereinafter set forth and

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

Section 1.Definitions.

(a) The following terms
shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1(a):

Actions
has the meaning set forth in Section 9(a).

Adjusted EBITDA
means , for any period, Net Income for such period, plus, without duplication, (i) the sum of the amounts for such period included
in determining such Net Income of (A) Interest Expense, (B) Income Tax Expense, (C) Depreciation and Amortization Expense, (D) losses
and expenses that are properly classified under GAAP as extraordinary, (E) all Quarterly Management Fees, (F) actual one-time and non-recurring
fees, expenses and costs relating to any acquisition, business combination transaction or other transaction, in each case, evaluated,
negotiated and, if applicable, implemented in accordance with the Management Agreement (whether or not closed), (G) any non-cash
compensation charge or expense realized or resulting from any contingent payment obligation or similar payment obligation (including any
earn-out obligation) that would require payments to any Person arising in connection with any acquisition, business combination
transaction or other transaction consummated in accordance with the Management Agreement, (H) any impairment charges or asset write-offs,
in each case, pursuant to GAAP, and (I) any other non-cash non-recurring expenses, minus, without duplication, (ii) (A) the
sum of the amounts for such period included in determining such Net Income of (1) any gains on sales of assets and gains that are
properly classified under GAAP as extraordinary, all as determined for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP and (2) any cash payments made during such period in respect of non-cash charges described in clause (i)(I) taken in a prior
period, and (B) Parent Allocated Expense.

1 

Affiliate
means, with respect to a Person, (i) any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such other
Person, (ii) any executive officer, employee or general partner of such Person, (iii) any member of the board of directors or board of
managers (or bodies performing similar functions) of such Person and (iv) any legal entity for which such Person acts as an executive
officer or general partner provided that it is acknowledged and agreed that (x) the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not
be deemed to be Affiliates of the Manager and its Subsidiaries, (y) the Manager and its Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be Affiliates
of the Company and its Subsidiaries and (z) other Persons managed by the Manager shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of the Manager or
its Subsidiaries or the Company or its Subsidiaries.

Agreement
means this Management Agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Automatic Renewal
Term has the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

Business Day
means any day except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are not required to be open.

Capital Lease Obligations
of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any Capitalized Lease, and the amount of such obligations
shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.

Capitalized Lease
means any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations
are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP.

Claim
has the meaning set forth in Section 9(c).

Class A Common
Stock means the Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Parent.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble, except that, solely for the purposes of Section 3(a), the term Company
means, collectively, CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. and its controlled Affiliates.

Companys
Business means the activities, operations and business affairs of the Company and its controlled Affiliates.

Company Expenses
has the meaning set forth in Section 8(b).

Company Indemnified
Party has meaning set forth in Section 9(b).

Company Kick-Out
Event means (i) a final judgment by any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction not stayed or vacated within thirty
(30) days that the Manager has committed a felony or a material violation of applicable securities laws that has a material adverse effect
on the business of the Company or the ability of the Manager to perform its duties under the terms of this Agreement, (ii) an order for
relief in an involuntary bankruptcy case relating to the

2 

Manager or the Manager authorizing or filing
a voluntary bankruptcy petition, (iii) the dissolution of the Manager or (iv) a final, non-appealable judgment by any Governmental Authority
of competent jurisdiction that the Manager has (a) committed actual fraud against the Company, (b) misappropriated or embezzled funds
of the Company or (c) acted, or failed to act, in a manner constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard
in the performance of its duties under this Agreement provided, however, that if any of the actions or omissions described
in this clause (iv) are caused by an employee and/or officer of the Manager or one of its Affiliates and the Manager cures the damage
caused by such actions or omissions within thirty (30) days of such determination, then such event shall not constitute a Company Kick-Out
Event.

Company Kick-Out
Right means the Companys right to terminate this Agreement, in accordance with the terms hereof, upon the occurrence
of a Company Kick-Out Event.

Company-Selected
Valuation Firm has the meaning set forth in Section 11(e)(ii).

Company Termination
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11(b).

Confidential
Information means all confidential, proprietary or non-public information of, or concerning the performance, terms, business,
operations, activities, personnel, training, finances, actual or potential acquisitions, plans, compensation, clients or investors of
the Company or its Subsidiaries, written or oral, obtained by the Manager in connection with the services rendered hereunder provided
that Confidential Information shall not include information which (i) is in the public domain at the time it is received by the Manager,
(ii) becomes public other than by reason of a disclosure by the Manager in breach of this Agreement, (iii) was already in the possession
of the Manager lawfully and on a non-confidential basis prior to the time it was received by the Manager from the Company or its Affiliates,
(iv) was obtained by the Manager from a third-party which, to the Managers knowledge, was not disclosed in breach of an obligation
of such third-party not to disclose such information or (v) was developed independently by the Manager without using or referring to any
of the Confidential Information.

Consultation
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 11(b)(i).

Covered Person
has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Depreciation and Amortization Expense
means, for any period, all depreciation and amortization expense of the Company and its Subsidiaries, all as determined on a consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP.

Effective Date
means the date of the consummation of the Spin-Off.

Effective Termination
Date means, as applicable, (a) with respect to any termination of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to Section 11(b),
the last day of the Initial Term or Automatic Renewal Term during which the Company exercises such termination right, (b) with respect
to any termination of this Agreement by the Manager pursuant to Section 11(d)(iii), the date upon which the Manager provides a
Manager Termination Notice pursuant to Section 11(d)(iii), or (c) with respect to any other termination of this Agreement
by the Company

3 

or the Manager pursuant to Section 11,
the last day of the notice period required for the exercise by the Company or the Manager of its applicable termination right.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto.

Fair Market Value
of Fees Payable means, as of the Effective Termination Date, the fair market value of the aggregate Quarterly Management Fees
then payable or that would become payable hereunder if this Agreement were automatically renewed and remained in effect in perpetuity.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fair Market Value of Fees Payable shall be determined without regard to any waiver or other discount by
the Manager of any Quarterly Management Fee (which shall be calculated for purposes of the determination of the Fair Market Value of Fees
Payable as though no such waiver or discount was applied).

GAAP means
generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.

Governing Agreements
means, with regard to any entity, the articles of incorporation or certificate of incorporation and bylaws in the case of a corporation,
the certificate of limited partnership (if applicable) and the partnership agreement in the case of a general or limited partnership,
the certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement in the case of a limited liability company, the trust instrument
in the case of a trust, or similar governing documents in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time.

Governmental
Authority means any domestic, foreign or transnational governmental, competition or regulatory authority, court, arbitral tribunal,
agency, commission, body or other legislative, executive or judicial governmental entity or self-regulatory agency.

Income Tax Expense
means, for any period, all provisions for taxes based on the net income of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including, without
limitation, any additions to such taxes, and any penalties and interest with respect thereto and any expensed taxes), all as determined
for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Indemnified Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 9(b).

Independent Director
means, a member of the Parent Board who qualifies as an independent director under the Exchange Act and the NASDAQ Rules.

Interest Expense
means, with reference to any period, total interest expense (including that attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) of the Company
and its Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries (including all commissions,
discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances and net costs under Swap Agreements
in respect of interest rates, to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP), calculated for the Company
and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period in accordance with GAAP.

Initial Term
has the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

4 

Initial Valuation
Firm Review Period has the meaning set forth in Section 11(e)(ii).

Investment Bank-Selected
Valuation Firm has the meaning set forth in Section 11(e)(iii).

Investment Company
Act means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto.

Letter Agreement
means the letter agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and between Parent and the Manager.

Losses
means any expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, penalties, costs, charges and claims of any nature whatsoever (including any
Out-of-Pocket Expenses).

LTM Adjusted
EBITDA means, with respect to any twelve (12)-month period prior to a determination date, the last twelve (12) months
aggregate amount of Adjusted EBITDA. Schedule I sets forth an illustrative calculation of LTM Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve (12)-month
period ended September 30, 2024.

Manager
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Manager Expenses
has the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Manager Indemnified
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 9(a).

Manager Permitted
Disclosure Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 6(b).

Manager-Selected
Valuation Firm has the meaning set forth in Section 11(e)(ii).

Manager Termination
Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 11(d)(ii).

Mediation
has the meaning set forth in Section 11(b)(ii).

Mediator
has the meaning set forth in Section 11(b)(ii).

Multiple on Fees
Value means an amount equal to (i) the aggregate Quarterly Management Fees that became payable hereunder during the twenty-four
(24)-month period ended as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter completed prior to the Effective Termination Date multiplied
by (ii) four (4). For the avoidance of doubt, the Multiple on Fees Value shall be determined without regard to any waiver or other
discount by the Manager of any Quarterly Management Fee (which shall be calculated for purposes of the determination of the Multiple on
Fees Value as though no such waiver or discount was applied).

NASDAQ
means the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC.

NASDAQ Rules
means the NASDAQ listing rules currently in effect and, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Net Income
means, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) determined for the Company and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis
in accordance with GAAP; provided that

5 

there shall be excluded (i) the income (or deficit)
of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which the Company or any Subsidiary has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any
such income is actually received by the Company or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions and (ii) the
undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary, to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such
Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any contractual obligation law applicable to such Subsidiary.

Net Present Value
of Fees Payable means, as of the Effective Termination Date, (i) the net present value of the aggregate Quarterly Management
Fees then payable or that would become payable hereunder during the five (5)-year period following the Effective Termination Date, discounted
annually at a per annum rate equal to six percent (6.0%), plus (ii) the net present value of the terminal value of the Quarterly
Management Fees that would become payable hereunder after such five (5)-year period if this Agreement were automatically renewed and remained
in effect in perpetuity, discounted from the terminal year to the applicable present date at a per annum rate equal to six percent (6.0%).
For the avoidance of doubt, the Net Present Value of Fees Payable shall be determined without regard to any waiver or other discount by
the Manager of any Quarterly Management Fee (which shall be calculated for purposes of the determination of the Net Present Value of Fees
Payable as though no such waiver or discount was applied).

Out-of-Pocket
Expenses means any and all documented and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and out-of-pocket disbursements
of counsel).

Parent
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Parent Allocated Expense
means, for any period, the sum of all selling, general and administrative expenses of Parent, all as determined for Parent in accordance
with GAAP, minus, without duplication, (i) the sum of (A) Depreciation and Amortization Expense, (B) losses and expenses that are
properly classified under GAAP as extraordinary, (C) actual one-time and non-recurring fees, expenses and costs relating to any acquisition,
business combination transaction or other transaction, in each case, evaluated, negotiated and, if applicable, implemented in accordance
with the Management Agreement (whether or not closed), (D) any non-cash compensation charge or expense realized or resulting from any
contingent payment obligation or similar payment obligation (including any earn-out obligation) that would require payments
to any Person arising in connection with any acquisition, business combination transaction or other transaction consummated in accordance
with the Management Agreement, (E) any impairment charges or asset write-offs, in each case, pursuant to GAAP, and (F) any other non-cash
non-recurring expenses, plus, without duplication, (ii) the sum of the amounts for such period included in determining such
selling, general and administrative expenses of Parent of (A) any gains on sales of assets and gains that are properly classified under
GAAP as extraordinary, all as determined for Parent in accordance with GAAP and (B) any cash payments made during such period in respect
of non-cash charges described in clause (i)(F) taken in a prior period.

Parent Board
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Parent Trading
Price means the VWAP of one (1) share of Class A Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive trading days ending on the trading
day immediately preceding the date that the Termination Fee is finally determined pursuant to Section 11(e) (as adjusted as appropriate

6 

to reflect any stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations, reorganizations, reclassifications or similar events).

Person
means any natural person, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, estate, trust, joint venture, any federal,
state, county or municipal government or any bureau, department or agency thereof or any other legal entity and any fiduciary acting in
such capacity on behalf of the foregoing.

Quarterly Management
Fee means, with respect to each fiscal quarter, the quarterly management fee, payable in arrears, in a cash amount equal to
two-and-a-half percent (2.5%) of LTM Adjusted EBITDA, measured for the period ending on the last day of the fiscal quarter then ended.
The Quarterly Management Fee shall be pro-rated for partial periods, to the extent necessary, as described more fully elsewhere
herein.

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto.

Subsidiary
means a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture or other entity or organization of which: (i) the Company or
any other subsidiary of the Company is a general partner or managing member, or (ii) voting power to elect a majority of the board of
directors, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions with respect to such entity or organization is held by the Company or
by any one or more of the Companys subsidiaries; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, it is acknowledged and agreed
that (x) the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be Subsidiaries of the Manager and its Subsidiaries and (y) other Persons
managed by the Manager shall not be deemed to be Subsidiaries of the Manager or its Subsidiaries or the Company or its Subsidiaries.

Swap Agreement means any agreement
with respect to any swap, forward, spot, future, credit default or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or
settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial
or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these
transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided
by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or its Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement.

Termination Fee
means an amount equal to the greatest of (i) the Fair Market Value of Fees Payable, (ii) the Net Present Value of Fees Payable and (iii)
the Multiple on Fees Value.

Termination Fee
Negotiation Period has the meaning set forth in Section 11(e)(i).

Termination Make-Whole
Cash Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 11(f).

Termination Shares
has the meaning set forth in Section 11(f).

7 

Termination Shares
Value means an amount equal to (i) the aggregate number of Termination Shares multiplied by (ii) the Parent Trading
Price.

Termination Without
a Company Kick-Out Event has the meaning set forth in Section 11(b).

Trading Days
means a day on which NASDAQ is open for the transaction of business.

Valuation Firm
has the meaning set forth in Section 11(e)(iii).

VWAP
means the daily per share volume-weighted average price of Class A Common Stock on the principal U.S. securities exchange, over-the-counter
market or automated or electronic quotation system on which Class A Common Stock trades, as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP
on the Bloomberg page designated for Class A Common Stock (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the
period from the open of trading on such day until the close of trading on such day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable,
the per share volume-weighted average price of such Class A Common Stock on such day (determined without regard to afterhours trading
or any other trading outside the regular trading session or trading hours)).

(b) As used herein, fiscal
quarters shall mean the applicable fiscal quarter of Parent and fiscal year shall mean the applicable fiscal year
of Parent. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this
Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section references are to
this Agreement unless otherwise specified. References herein to Sections, clauses and other subdivisions,
and to Schedules, without reference to a document are to the specified Sections, clauses and other subdivisions of and Schedules to, this
Agreement. The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms.
The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without
limitation. Where a word or phrase is defined herein, each of its other grammatical forms shall have a corresponding meaning. References
to dollars or $ mean United States dollars, unless otherwise clearly indicated to the contrary.

Section 2.Appointment of the Manager. To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, the Exchange Act, the Securities Act, the
NASDAQ Rules and any other applicable rule or regulation (including the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and the
Securities Act), the Company hereby appoints the Manager (and grants to it all powers necessary, convenient or appropriate) to, and the
Manager hereby agrees and covenants that it shall manage the day-to-day business and operations and oversee the strategy of the Company
and its controlled Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Section 3.Obligations of the Manager.

(a) Subject to Section
2, the Manager shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform (or cause to be performed) the following services (the Services):

(i) establishing
and monitoring the Companys objectives, financing activities and operating performance;

8 

(ii) selecting and
overseeing the Companys management team and their performance;

(iii) reviewing and
approving the Companys compensation and benefit plans, programs, policies, arrangements and agreements, including with respect
to any grants of equity awards to Persons providing services to the Company;

(iv) devising capital
allocation strategies, plans and policies of the Company;

(v) setting the budget
parameters and expense guidelines of the Company and monitoring compliance therewith;

(vi) identifying,
analyzing and overseeing the consummation of business opportunities and potential acquisitions, dispositions and other business combinations;

(vii) originating
and recommending opportunities to form or acquire, and structuring and managing, any joint ventures

(viii) leading or
overseeing negotiations with potential participants in any business opportunity under the Companys consideration and determining
(or delegating to any officer of the Company the decision to determine) if and when to proceed;

(ix) engaging and
supervising, on the Companys behalf, independent contractors and third-party service providers

(x) communicating
on behalf of the Company with the holders of any securities of the Company (A) as required to satisfy any reporting and other requirements
of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Company and (B) to maintain effective relations with such holders;

(xi) overseeing all
claims, disputes or controversies (including all litigation, arbitration, settlement or other proceedings or negotiations) in which the
Company may be involved or to which the Company may be subject arising out of the Companys day-to-day activities (other than with
the Manager or its Affiliates);

(xii) counselling
the Company in connection with decisions required by Delaware law to be made by the Board; and

(xiii) performing
such other services from time to time in connection with the management of the business and affairs of the Company and its activities
as the Company shall reasonably request and/or the Manager shall deem appropriate under the particular circumstances.

(b) From the Effective
Date until the termination of this Agreement, if any, in accordance with Section 11, the Company, on behalf of itself and its controlled
Affiliates, hereby constitutes, appoints and authorizes the Manager, and any officer of the Manager acting on its behalf from time to
time, as the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the Company and such controlled Affiliates, in its or their respective names,
places and steads, to negotiate, execute, deliver and

9 

enter into any certificates, instruments, agreements,
authorizations and other documentation in the name and on behalf of the Company or any such controlled Affiliate as the Manager, in its
sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to perform the Services, in each case subject to subject to Section 2. This
power of attorney is deemed to be coupled with an interest. In performing the Services, as an agent of the Company or any of its controlled
Affiliates, the Manager shall have the right to exercise all powers and authority which are reasonably necessary and customary to perform
its obligations under this Agreement.

(c) The Manager may retain,
for and on behalf, and at the sole cost and expense, of the Company, such services of the Persons as the Manager deems necessary or advisable
to perform the Services (which Persons may include Affiliates of the Manager), in each case, subject to Section 2 provided
that any such services may be provided by such Affiliates only to the extent such services are on arms length terms. In performing
or causing to be performed the Services, the Manager shall be entitled to rely reasonably on qualified experts and professionals (including,
accountants, legal counsel and other professional service providers) hired by the Manager.

(d) At the Companys
reasonable request, the Manager shall prepare, or, at the sole cost and expense of the Company, cause to be prepared, (i) reports and
other information on the Companys operations and (ii) other information relating to any proposed or consummated business acquisition
or divestiture.

(e) At all times during
the term of this Agreement, the Manager shall maintain errors and omissions insurance coverage and other insurance coverage
that is customarily carried by managers performing functions similar to those of the Manager under this Agreement with respect to assets
similar to the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(f) Officers, employees
and agents of the Manager and its Affiliates may serve as directors, officers, employees, agents, nominees or signatories for the Company
or any of its controlled Affiliates. When executing documents or otherwise acting in such capacities for the Company or any of its controlled
Affiliates, such Persons shall indicate in what capacity they are executing on behalf of the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates.

(g) The Manager shall refrain
from any action that, in its sole judgment made in good faith, would materially violate any law, rule or regulation of any Governmental
Authority having jurisdiction over the Company and its controlled Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Manager nor any
of its Affiliates shall be liable to the Company, any of its controlled Affiliates or any of their respective Affiliates or equityholders
for any act or omission by the Manager or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section 9.

(h) For the avoidance of
doubt, and not withstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the entry by the Company and the Manager into this Agreement
and the performance of their respective obligations hereunder shall not affect the authority, duties or responsibilities of the executive
officers of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.

10 

Section 4. 
Obligations of the Company.

(a) The Company agrees
to take all actions reasonably required to permit and enable the Manager to carry out its duties and obligations under this Agreement,
including, all steps reasonably necessary to allow the Manager, subject to Section 2, to make any filing required to be made under
the Securities Act, Exchange Act, the NASDAQ Rules or other applicable law, rule or regulation on behalf of the Company in a timely manner.

(b) The Company further
agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to make available to the Manager all resources, information and materials reasonably requested
by the Manager to enable the Manager to satisfy its obligations hereunder, including its obligations to deliver financial statements and
any other information or reports with respect to the Company.

(c) The Company hereby
acknowledges and agrees that the Manager may use the name CompoSecure and other trademarks of the Company in connection
with its activities under this Agreement (including, in connection with the preparation of any filing with or notification to any Governmental
Authority made on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). The parties hereto will reasonably cooperate to maintain reasonable
quality control with respect to the Managers use of such trademarks.

Section 5.Additional Activities of the Manager Non-Solicitation.

(a) Nothing in this Agreement
shall (i) prevent the Manager or any of its Affiliates, or any of its or their officers, directors or employees, from engaging in
other businesses or from rendering services of any kind to any other Person, whether or not the business objectives or policies of any
such other Person are similar to those of the Company, (ii) in any way bind or restrict the Manager or any of its Affiliates, or any of
its or their officers, directors or employees from buying, selling or trading any securities or commodities for their own accounts or
for the account of others for whom the Manager or any of its Affiliates, or any of its or their officers, directors or employees may be
acting, or (iii) prevent the Manager or any of its Affiliates from receiving fees or other compensation or profits from such activities
described in this Section 5(a) which shall be for the Managers (and/or its Affiliates) sole benefit. In furtherance
of the foregoing, the Company acknowledges and agrees that (A) this Agreement and the Managers obligation to provide the Services
shall not create an exclusive relationship between the Manager and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Company and its controlled
Affiliates, on the other hand, (B) the Manager and its Affiliates may engage in or possess an interest in other profit-seeking or business
ventures of any kind, nature or description, independently or with others, whether or not such ventures are competitive with the Company
or any of its controlled Affiliates and the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, shall not apply to the Manager
and its Affiliates, (C) none of the Manager or any of its Affiliates who acquires knowledge of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement
or other matter that may be an opportunity for the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates shall have any duty to communicate or offer
such opportunity to the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates, and the Manager and its Affiliates shall not be liable to the Company
or any of its controlled Affiliates for breach of any fiduciary or other duty by reason of the fact that the Manager or any of its Affiliates
pursues or acquires for, or directs such opportunity to another Person or does not communicate such opportunity or information to the
Company or any of its controlled Affiliates and (D) the Manager and its Affiliates may, in the Managers sole

11 

and absolute discretion, allocate opportunities
among the Company and such other Persons to which the Manager renders services of any kind, or for which the Manager otherwise acts as
an external manager, in any manner that the Manager determines would be necessary, convenient or appropriate (which determination, for
the avoidance of doubt, may be based upon such allocation of opportunities that maximizes the aggregate management fees received by the
Manager pursuant to this Agreement and any other management agreement or similar agreement entered into between the Manager and such other
Persons). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to impose on the Manager an
express or implied fiduciary duty to the Company, any of its controlled Affiliates or their respective holders of equity or voting interests,
and (y) none of the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates shall have any rights in or to such business ventures, potential transactions,
agreements, arrangements, opportunities or other matters referred to in this Section 5(a), or the income or profits or losses derived
therefrom, and the pursuit of such business ventures, potential transactions, agreements, arrangements, opportunities or other matters,
even if competitive with the activities of the Company and its controlled Affiliates, shall not be deemed wrongful or improper.

(b) In the event of a Termination
Without a Company Kick-Out Event by the Company pursuant to Section 11(b), for a period of two (2) years following such termination,
the Company shall not, without the consent of the Manager, employ or otherwise retain any employee of the Manager or any of its Affiliates
or any Person who has been employed by the Manager or any of its Affiliates at any time within the two (2)-year period immediately preceding
the date on which such Person commences employment with or is otherwise retained by the Company (any such Person, a Covered
Person); provided that the preceding sentence shall not restrict the Company from employing or retaining any Covered
Person who devotes substantially all of such Covered Persons business time and attention to the Companys Business, other
than with respect to acquisitions, dispositions and other business combinations, joint ventures or other investments of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any damages, the Manager may be entitled to equitable
relief for any violation of this Section 5(b) by the Company, including, injunctive relief.

Section 6.Records Confidentiality.

(a) The Manager shall maintain
appropriate books of account, records and files relating to services performed hereunder, and such books of account, records and files
shall be accessible for inspection by representatives of the Company at any time during normal business hours upon advance written notice.
The Manager shall have full responsibility for the maintenance, care and safekeeping of all such books of account, records and files (it
being understood that if any such recordkeeping services are performed by service providers to the Company and such service providers
are monitored by the Manager with due care, the Manager shall be in compliance with the foregoing).

(b) Until the third (3rd)
anniversary of any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 11 (or in the case of trade secrets, for so long as such
trade secrets constitute trade secrets under applicable law), the Manager shall keep confidential any and all Confidential Information
and shall not use Confidential Information other than in connection with the performance of the Services or disclose Confidential Information,
in whole or in part, to any Person other than (i) to officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, advisors of the Manager
or its Affiliates

12 

who need to know such Confidential Information
for the purpose of rendering services hereunder, (ii) to appraisers, lenders or other financing sources, co-originators, custodians, administrators,
brokers, commercial counterparties or any similar entity and others in the ordinary course of the Companys Business ((i) and (ii)
collectively, Manager Permitted Disclosure Parties), (iii) in connection with any governmental or regulatory filings
of the Company or its Affiliates or disclosure or presentations to investors in the Companys Business (subject to compliance with
applicable law), (iv) to Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over the Company or the Manager, (v) as requested by law, legal
process or regulatory request to which the Manager or any Person to whom disclosure is permitted hereunder is a party or subject, (vi)
to existing or prospective investors in the Companys Business and their advisors to the extent such Persons reasonably request
such information, subject to an undertaking of confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-use, or (vii) with the consent of the Company,
including pursuant to a separate agreement entered into between the Manager and the Company. The Manager agrees to inform each of its
Manager Permitted Disclosure Parties of the non-public nature of the Confidential Information. Nothing herein shall prevent the Manager
from disclosing Confidential Information (A) upon the order of any court or administrative agency, (B) upon the request or demand of,
or pursuant to any law or regulation to, any regulatory agency or authority, (C) to the extent reasonably required in connection with
the exercise of any remedy hereunder, or (D) to its legal counsel or independent auditors provided, however, that
with respect to clauses (A) and (B), it is agreed that, so long as not legally prohibited, the Manager will (x) consider, and if advisable
seek, at the Companys sole expense, an appropriate protective order or confidentiality agreement, (y) notify the Company of such
disclosure, and (z) in the absence of an appropriate protective order or confidentiality agreement, disclose only that portion of such
information that is responsive to such request or demand.

Section 7.Compensation.

(a) For the Services rendered,
the Company shall pay the Quarterly Management Fees to the Manager. The Manager will not receive any Quarterly Management Fees for periods
prior to the Effective Date. The Manager may (at its sole discretion) elect not to receive, or to discount, any Quarterly Management Fee
for a given quarterly period, which election shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver or discount of the Quarterly Management Fee in
any future periods and shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be ignored in calculating the Termination Fee (and the components thereof).

(b) The parties hereto
acknowledge that the Quarterly Management Fee is intended in part to compensate the Manager and its Affiliates for the costs and expenses
(other than reimbursable costs and expenses) the Manager will incur hereunder, as well as certain expenses not otherwise reimbursable
under Section 8, in order for the Manager to provide the Services to the Company. A management fee paid by the Manager under a
sub-management agreement (if any) shall not constitute an expense reimbursable by the Company under this Agreement or otherwise unless
otherwise approved by the Company.

(c) Each Quarterly Management
Fee shall be payable in arrears in cash, commencing with the fiscal quarter in which the Effective Date occurs. If applicable, the initial
and final Quarterly Management Fees shall be pro-rated based on the number of days during the initial and final fiscal quarter,
respectively, that this Agreement is in effect. The Manager shall calculate each Quarterly

13 

Management Fee, and deliver such calculation
to the Company, within thirty (30) days following the last day of each fiscal quarter and the Company shall pay the Manager the applicable
Quarterly Management Fee for such fiscal quarter within three (3) Business Days after the date of delivery to the Company of such computations.

(d) The Company shall make
any payments due hereunder to the Manager or, if the Manager directs, to an Affiliate of the Manager.

Section 8.Expenses.

(a) Subject to Section
8(b) and except as otherwise specifically acknowledged and agreed in writing, the Manager shall be responsible for the expenses related
to any and all personnel of the Manager and its Affiliates who provide services to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise
(including, each of the officers of the Company and any directors of the Company who are also directors, officers or employees of the
Manager or any of its Affiliates), including, salaries, bonuses and other wages, payroll taxes and the cost of employee benefit plans
of such personnel, and costs of insurance (other than insurance specifically required under this Agreement, including pursuant to Section
3(e)) with respect to such personnel (collectively, Manager Expenses).

(b) The Company shall pay
all of its costs and expenses and shall reimburse the Manager or its Affiliates for documented costs and expenses of the Manager and its
Affiliates incurred on behalf of the Company other than Manager Expenses (collectively, Company Expenses). The Manager,
in good faith, shall determine whether a cost or expense is a Manager Expense or Company Expense. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, it is specifically agreed that the following costs and expenses shall be paid by the Company and shall not be paid by the Manager
or its Affiliates: (i) fees, costs and expenses in connection with transaction costs incident to the acquisition, negotiation, structuring,
trading, settling, disposition and financing of any investments of the Company and its Subsidiaries (whether or not consummated); (ii)
fees, costs and expenses of legal, tax, accounting, consulting, auditing (including internal audit), finance, administrative, investment
banking, capital market and other similar services rendered to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including, where the context requires,
through one or more third-parties and/or Affiliates of the Manager) or, if provided by the Managers personnel, in accordance with
Section 3(c); (iii) the compensation and expenses of the directors and officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable,
the cost of liability insurance to indemnify such directors and officers and the non-cash equity incentive compensation (that is denominated
in, or the value of which is determined with reference to, shares of capital stock of Parent) of the personnel of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, the Manager and their respective Affiliates who provide services to the Company and its Affiliates; (iv) interest and fees
and expenses arising out of borrowings made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including, costs associated with the establishment
and maintenance of any credit facilities, other financing arrangements, or other indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(including commitment fees, accounting fees, legal fees, closing and other similar costs) or any securities offerings of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries; (v) expenses connected with communications to holders of securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and other bookkeeping and clerical work necessary in maintaining relations with holders of such securities and in complying with the continuous
reporting and other requirements of any Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over the

14 

Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including,
all costs of preparing and filing required reports with the SEC, the costs payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any transfer
agent and registrar in connection with the listing and/or trading of the securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on any exchange,
the fees payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any such exchange in connection with its listing, costs of preparing, printing
and mailing any other reports or related statements of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (vi) costs of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries associated with technology-related expenses, including without limitation, any computer software or hardware, electronic
equipment or purchased information technology services from third-party vendors or Affiliates of the Manager, technology service providers
and related software/hardware utilized in connection with the investment and operational activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
(vii) expenses incurred by managers, officers, personnel and agents of the Manager for travel on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
and other Out-of-Pocket Expenses incurred by them in connection with the Services or the acquisition, financing, refinancing, sale or
other disposition of an investment or any securities offerings of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (viii) expenses incurred with
respect to market information systems and publications, research publications and materials, including, news research and quotation equipment
and services, obtained or used by the Manager in connection with rendering the Services or performing any other duty hereunder; (ix) the
costs and expenses relating to ongoing regulatory compliance matters and regulatory reporting obligations relating to the Companys
Business; (x) the costs of any litigation involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their respective assets and
the amount of any judgments or settlements paid in connection therewith, (xi) all taxes and license fees of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
(xii) all costs of directors and officers, liability or other insurance relating to the Companys Business and other insurance costs
incurred in connection with the operation of the Companys Business, except for the costs attributable to the insurance that the
Manager elects to carry for itself and its personnel, and all indemnification or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the Companys
Business; (xiii) costs and expenses incurred in contracting with any third-parties, in whole or in part, on behalf of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries; (xiv) all other costs and expenses relating to the Companys Business and operations, including, the costs
and expenses of acquiring, owning, protecting, maintaining, developing and disposing of businesses, including appraisal, reporting, audit
and legal fees; (xv) expenses relating to any office(s) or office facilities, including, disaster backup recovery sites and facilities,
maintained for the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any investments of the Company and its Subsidiaries separate from the office or
offices of the Manager; (xvi) expenses connected with the payments of interest, dividends or distributions in cash or any other form authorized
or caused to be made to or on account of holders of securities of the Company or any of its the Subsidiaries, including, in connection
with any dividend reinvestment plan; (xvii) any judgment or settlement of pending or threatened proceedings (whether civil, criminal or
otherwise) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or against any trustee, director, partner, member or officer of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries in such Persons capacity as such for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is required to indemnify
such trustee, director, partner, member or officer by any Governmental Authority; and (xviii) all other expenses actually incurred by
the Manager (except as otherwise specifically excluded herein) which are reasonably necessary for the performance by the Manager of its
duties and functions under this Agreement.

(c) The Manager may, at
its option, elect not to seek reimbursement for certain expenses during a given quarterly period, which determination shall not be deemed
to construe a waiver of

15 

reimbursement for the same type of expenses
or similar expenses in future periods if such expenses or similar expenses are incurred in future periods.

(d) The provisions of this
Section 8 shall survive any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 11 to the extent such expenses have previously
been incurred or are incurred in connection with such termination.

Section 9.Limits of the Managers Responsibility Indemnification.

(a) The Manager assumes
no responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the Services in good faith in accordance with this Agreement. To the fullest
extent permitted by Delaware law, the Manager and its Affiliates, including their respective directors, officers, employees, managers,
trustees, control persons, partners, stockholders and equityholders, will not be liable to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
of their respective Affiliates or equityholders, for any acts or omissions by the Manager or its officers, employees or Affiliates performed
in accordance with, pursuant to, or in furtherance of, this Agreement, whether by or through attempted piercing of the corporate veil,
by or through a claim, by the enforcement of any judgment or assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding (including any threatened
or ongoing investigative, administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding), or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other
applicable law, or otherwise (together, Actions), except by reason of acts or omission constituting bad faith, fraud,
willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of their respective duties under this Agreement. The Company shall, to the
fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless the Manager, its Affiliates, and the directors, officers,
employees and stockholders of the Manager and its Affiliates including their respective directors, officers, employees, managers, trustees,
control persons, partners, stockholders and equityholders (each, a Manager Indemnified Party), (i) of and from any
and all Losses in respect of or arising from any acts or omissions of such Manager Indemnified Party performed in good faith in accordance
with, pursuant to, or in furtherance of, this Agreement and not constituting bad faith, fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence or
reckless disregard of duties of such Manager Indemnified Party under this Agreement and (ii) of and from any Out-of-Pocket Expenses incurred
in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any Actions as such expenses are incurred or paid (provided that if it is ultimately
finally judicially determined in a court of competent jurisdiction that such Manager Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification
hereunder, such Manager Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Company for any Out-of-Pocket Expenses already paid or reimbursed by the
Company in respect of which such final judicial determination was made). Notwithstanding the above, the Manager will not be liable for
trade errors that may result from ordinary negligence, errors in the investment decision making process and/or in the trade process.

(b) The Manager shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its Subsidiaries and the directors,
officers and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable (each, a Company Indemnified Party, a Manager
Indemnified Party and a Company Indemnified Party are each sometimes hereinafter referred to as an Indemnified Party)
of and from any and all Losses in respect of or arising from (i) any acts or omissions of the Manager constituting bad faith, fraud, willful
misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of duties of the Manager under this Agreement

16 

or (ii) any claims by the Managers or
its Affiliates employees relating to the terms and conditions of their employment by the Manager or its Affiliate.

(c) In case any such claim,
suit, action, investigation or proceeding (a Claim) is brought against any Indemnified Party in respect of which
indemnification may be sought by such Indemnified Party pursuant hereto, the Indemnified Party shall give prompt written notice thereof
to the indemnifying party, which notice shall include all documents and information in the possession of or under the control of such
Indemnified Party reasonably necessary for the evaluation and/or defense of such Claim and shall specifically state that indemnification
for such Claim is being sought under this Section 9 provided, however, that the failure of the Indemnified
Party to so notify the indemnifying party shall not limit or affect such Indemnified Partys rights other than pursuant to this
Section 9 unless the failure to provide such notice results in material prejudice to the indemnifying party. Upon receipt of such
notice of Claim (together with such documents and information from such Indemnified Party), the indemnifying party shall, at its sole
cost and expense, in good faith control and defend any such Claim (including any settlement thereof) with counsel reasonably satisfactory
to such Indemnified Party, which counsel may, without limiting the rights of such Indemnified Party pursuant to the next succeeding sentence
of this Section 9(c), also represent the indemnifying party in such Claim. In the alternative, such Indemnified Party may elect
to conduct the defense of the Claim, if (i) such Indemnified Party reasonably determines that the conduct of its defense by the indemnifying
party could be materially prejudicial to its interests, (ii) the indemnifying party refuses to assume such defense (or fails to give written
notice to the Indemnified Party within ten (10) days of receipt of a notice of Claim that the indemnifying party assumes such defense),
or (iii) the indemnifying party shall have failed, in such Indemnified Partys reasonable judgment, to defend the Claim in good
faith. The indemnifying party may settle any Claim against such Indemnified Party; provided that (A) such settlement is without
any Losses (including equitable relief) whatsoever to such Indemnified Party, (B) the settlement does not include or require any admission
of liability or culpability by such Indemnified Party and (C) the indemnifying party obtains an effective written release of liability
for such Indemnified Party from the party to the Claim with whom such settlement is being made, which release must be reasonably acceptable
to such Indemnified Party, and a dismissal with prejudice with respect to all claims made by the party against such Indemnified Party
in connection with such Claim. Subject to the immediately prior sentence, the applicable Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate
with the indemnifying party, at the indemnifying partys sole cost and expense, in connection with the defense or settlement of
any Claim in accordance with the terms hereof. If such Indemnified Party is entitled pursuant to this Section 9 to elect to defend
such Claim by counsel of its own choosing and so elects, then the indemnifying party shall be responsible for any good faith settlement
of such Claim entered into by such Indemnified Party. Except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, no Indemnified Party may
pay or settle any Claim and seek reimbursement therefor under this Section 9.

(d) Any Indemnified Party
entitled to indemnification hereunder shall first seek recovery from any other indemnity then available with respect to portfolio entities
and/or any applicable insurance policies by which such Indemnified Party is indemnified or covered prior to seeking recovery hereunder
and shall obtain the written consent of the Company or the Manager (as applicable) prior to entering into any compromise or settlement
which would result in an obligation of the Company or the Manager (as applicable) to indemnify such Indemnified Party. If such Indemnified
Party shall actually recover any amounts under any applicable insurance policies or

17 

other indemnity then available, it shall offset
the net proceeds so received against any amounts owed by the Company or the Manager (as applicable) by reason of the indemnity provided
hereunder or, if all such amounts shall have been paid by the Company or the Manager (as applicable) in full prior to the actual receipt
of such net insurance proceeds, it shall pay over such proceeds (up to the amount of indemnification paid by the Company or the Manager
(as applicable) to such Indemnified Party) to the Company or the Manager (as applicable). If the amounts in respect of which indemnification
is sought arise out of the conduct of the business and affairs of the Company or the Manager and also of any other Person or entity for
which the Indemnified Party hereunder was then acting in a similar capacity, the amount of the indemnification to be provided by the Company
or the Manager (as applicable) may be limited to the Companys or the Managers (as applicable) allocable share thereof if
so determined by the Company or Manager (as applicable) in good faith.

(e) The provisions of this
Section 9 shall survive any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 11.

Section 10.No Joint Venture. The Company and the Manager are not partners or joint venturers with each other and nothing herein
shall be construed to make them such partners or joint venturers or impose any liability as such on either of them.

Section 11.Term Renewal; Termination.

(a) Term; Renewal. This
Agreement became effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation, unless terminated in accordance with the terms hereof,
until the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term). Following the Initial Term, this Agreement
shall be deemed renewed automatically for successive and additional ten (10)-year period(s) (each, an Automatic Renewal Term)
unless the Company or the Manager elects to terminate or not renew this Agreement in accordance with Section 11(b), Section
11(c) or Section 11(d), as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, during the Initial Term and each Automatic Renewal Term,
the Company shall have the Company Kick-Out Right.

(b) Termination by the
Company Without a Company Kick-Out Event. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, upon both (x) the
expiration of the Initial Term or an Automatic Renewal Term, as applicable, and (y) one hundred eighty (180) days prior written
notice to the Manager (the Company Termination Notice), the Company may, without the occurrence of a Company Kick-Out
Event, decline to renew this Agreement upon a two-thirds (2/3) vote of the Independent Directors (who have not recused themselves with
respect to such vote) that the Quarterly Management Fees payable to the Manager are not fair, subject to clauses (i)-(iv) below
(any such nonrenewal, a Termination Without a Company Kick-Out Event). The Company Termination Notice shall include
reasonable supporting detail for the Independent Directors determination that the Quarterly Management Fees payable to the Manager
are not fair.

(i) No later than
five (5) Business Days following the receipt by the Manager of the Company Termination Notice, the management teams of the Company and
the Manager shall engage in good faith discussions and negotiations to resolve the Independent Directors concerns that the Quarterly
Management Fees are not fair for a period of sixty (60) days (the Consultation Period).

18 

(ii) If, at the end
of the Consultation Period, the Company and the Manager have been unable to resolve such concerns, then the Company and the Manager shall
attempt in good faith to retain as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than ten (10) Business Days after the expiration
of the Consultation Period) an agreed upon impartial professional mediator who is a partner or a retired partner, in each case, in a law
firm of national standing based in New York City with experience in investment management (any such Person, a Mediator)
for a nonbinding mediation of such dispute (such process, a Mediation); provided that if the Company and the
Manager cannot agree on a Mediator within such ten (10)-Business Day period, or if the Mediator agreed upon by the Company and the Manager
does not accept being retained for the Mediation, then within an additional ten (10) Business Days, the Company and the Manager shall
each select one (1) Mediator and those two (2) Mediators shall, within ten (10) Business Days after their selection, select a third (3rd)
Mediator. The Mediation shall be conducted by the Mediator selected in accordance with the preceding sentence on a strictly confidential
basis, and no participant shall disclose the existence, nature, any documents, exhibits or information exchanged or presented, in connection
with such Mediation, or the result of the Mediation, to any third-party, with the sole exceptions of its legal counsel and/or tax advisor,
all of whom shall be bound by these confidentiality terms. The Company and the Manager agree to take all steps necessary to protect the
confidentiality of the materials in respect of the Mediation, agree to file (and, if so required by applicable court rules, seek leave
to file) confidential information (and documents containing confidential information) under seal, and agree to the entry of an appropriate
protective order encompassing the confidentiality terms contained herein.

(iii) In the event
that the Company and the Manager are able to resolve such concerns pursuant to Section 11(b)(i) or Section 11(b)(ii) prior
to the Effective Termination Date, then the Termination Fee that became payable upon the Managers receipt of the Company Termination
Notice delivered by the Company pursuant to Section 11(b) shall no longer be payable, (B) such Company Termination Notice shall
be deemed to be of no force and effect, (C) the Company and the Manager shall as promptly as practicable (and in no event later than five
(5) Business Days following the resolution of such concerns) execute and deliver an amendment to this Agreement setting forth the revised
Quarterly Management Fee as then agreed upon by the Company and the Manager and (D) this Agreement, as so amended, shall continue
in full force and effect on the terms stated herein and in such amendment.

(iv) In the event
that the Company and the Manager are unable to reach an understanding with respect to the Quarterly Management Fee, the Agreement shall
be deemed terminated and the Company shall pay to the Manager the Termination Fee in accordance with Section 11(f).

(c) Termination by the
Company Upon a Company Kick-Out Event. The Company may terminate this Agreement effective upon thirty (30) days prior written
notice of termination from the Company to the Manager, without payment of the Termination Fee, upon the occurrence of a Company Kick-Out
Event.

19 

(d) Termination by the
Manager. The Manager shall have the following rights to terminate this Agreement:

(i) No later than
one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then current Automatic Renewal Term, the Manager may
deliver written notice to the Company informing it of the Managers intention to decline to renew this Agreement, whereupon this
Agreement shall not be renewed and extended and this Agreement shall terminate effective on the expiration of the then-current term. The
Company shall not be required to pay to the Manager the Termination Fee if the Manager terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section
11(d)(i).

(ii) The Manager
may terminate this Agreement effective upon sixty (60) days prior written notice of termination to the Company (any such notice,
a Manager Termination Notice) (A) in the event that the Company shall default in the performance or observance of
any material term, condition or covenant contained in this Agreement and such default shall continue for a period of thirty (30) days
after written notice thereof specifying such default and requesting that the same be remedied in such thirty (30) day period or (B) upon
the termination of the Letter Agreement, prior to any nonrenewal or termination of this Agreement. The Company shall be required to pay
to the Manager the Termination Fee in accordance with Section 11(f) if the Manager terminates this Agreement pursuant to clause
(A) or (B) above.

(iii) The Manager
may terminate this Agreement if the Company becomes required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, with
such termination deemed to occur immediately before such event, in which case the Company shall not be required to pay to Manager the
Termination Fee.

(e) Determination of
the Termination Fee. If a Termination Fee becomes payable by the Company to the Manager upon a termination of this Agreement pursuant
to Section 11(b), Section 11(d)(ii)(A) or Section 11(d)(ii)(B), the Termination Fee shall be finally determined
as follows:

(i) If the Company
and the Manager agree on the Termination Fee within thirty (30) days following receipt (A) by the Manager of a Company Termination Notice
delivered by the Company pursuant to Section 11(b) or (B) by the Company of a Manager Termination Notice delivered by the Manager
pursuant to Section 11(d)(ii)(A) or Section 11(d)(ii)(B) (the Termination Fee Negotiation Period),
then the finally determined Termination Fee shall be the amount agreed in writing by the Company and the Manager.

(ii) If the Company
and the Manager do not agree on the Termination Fee prior to the expiration of the Termination Fee Negotiation Period, then, as soon as
reasonably practicable (but in no event later than ten (10) Business Days after the expiration of the Termination Fee Negotiation Period),
the Manager shall retain an internationally recognized top-tier investment bank (the Manager-Selected Valuation Firm)
and the Company shall retain a different internationally recognized top-tier investment bank (the Company-Selected Valuation
Firm), in each case, to deliver to the Manager and the Company, within thirty (30) days following the tenth (10th)
Business Day after the

20 

expiration of the Termination Fee Negotiation
Period (the Initial Valuation Firm Review Period), a report setting forth in reasonable detail such Valuation Firms
good faith determination of (A) the Fair Market Value of Fees Payable, (B) the Net Present Value of Fees Payable, (C) the Multiple on
Fees Payable and (D) the Termination Fee. If the Termination Fee determined by the Manager-Selected Valuation Firm and the Termination
Fee determined by the Company-Selected Valuation Firm are within ten percent (10%) of each other, then the finally determined Termination
Fee shall be the average of such Termination Fees determined by the Manager-Selected Valuation Firm and the Company-Selected Valuation
Firm.

(iii) If the Termination
Fees determined by the Manager-Selected Valuation Firm and the Company-Selected Valuation Firm are not within ten percent (10%) of each
other, then:

(A)as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than ten (10) Business Days after the expiration of the Initial Valuation
Firm Review Period, the Manager-Selected Valuation Firm and the Company-Selected Valuation Firm shall select a third (3rd)
internationally recognized top-tier investment bank (the Investment Bank-Selected Valuation Firm, together with the
Manager-Selected Valuation Firm and the Company-Selected Valuation Firm, the Valuation Firms) to deliver to the Manager
and the Company, within thirty (30) days following the tenth (10th) Business Day after the expiration of the Initial Valuation
Firm Review Period, a report setting forth in reasonable detail such Valuation Firms good faith determination of (1) the Fair Market
Value of Fees Payable, (2) the Net Present Value of Fees Payable, (3) the Multiple on Fees Payable and (4) the Termination Fee; and

(B)the finally determined Termination Fee shall be the average of the Termination Fee determined by the Investment Bank-Selected Valuation
Firm and whichever Termination Fee determined by the Manager-Selected Valuation Firm or the Company-Selected Valuation Firm is closer
in value to the Termination Fee determined by the Investment Bank-Selected Valuation Firm.

(iv) In preparing
their respective reports, each Valuation Firm shall (A) determine the Termination Fee and components thereof in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, (B) be provided with the same access to the Companys and the Managers respective management teams and
the same source documents and information regarding the Company and the Manager and (C) take into account all factors such Valuation Firm
determines relevant to such determination, including the Companys historical financial and operating results, the Companys
future business prospects and projected financial and operating results and public and private market and industry conditions. Each such
report prepared shall set forth a single point determination (and not a range of values) of the Termination Fee.

(v) The Manager shall
bear the fees and expenses of the Manager-Selected Valuation Firm. The Company shall bear the fees and expenses of the Company-Selected
Valuation Firm. The fees and expenses of the Investment Bank-Selected Valuation Firm

21 

shall be borne by the party hereto whose
Valuation Firms determination of the Termination Fee was the furthest from the Termination Fee determined by the Investment-Bank
Selected Valuation Firm, or, if the determinations of such other Valuation Firms were equally different from that determined by the Investment
Bank-Selected Valuation Firm, then the Investment Bank-Selected Valuation Firms fees and expenses shall be borne equally by the
Manager and the Company.

(f) Payment of the Termination
Fee. Within five (5) Business Days of the determination of the Termination Fee pursuant to Section 11(e), the Company shall
pay to the Manager the Termination Fee, in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to one (1) or more accounts designated
in writing by the Manager. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, at the option of the Company, by action of a two-thirds
(2/3) vote of the Independent Directors (who have not recused themselves with respect to such vote) and upon written notice to the Manager
no later than two (2) Business Days after the determination of the Termination Fee pursuant to Section 11(e), the Companys
obligation to pay the Termination Fee pursuant to this Section 11(f) may be satisfied by (i) the issuance to the Manager of an
aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to (A) all or any portion of the Termination Fee divided by (B) the Parent
Trading Price (such shares, collectively, the Termination Shares) and (ii) to the extent the Termination Fee exceeds
the Termination Shares Value, the payment by the Company to the Manager of an amount equal to such excess, in cash, by wire transfer of
immediately available funds, to one (1) or more accounts designated in writing by the Manager (such amount, the Termination
Make-Whole Cash Payment); provided that any Termination Shares shall be issued and any Termination Make-Whole Cash Payment
shall be paid to the Manager within five (5) Business Days of the determination of the Termination Fee pursuant to Section 11(e).
For the avoidance of doubt, any issuance of Termination Shares pursuant to this Section 11(f) shall be in accordance with applicable
laws and stock exchange regulations.

(g) No Liability. Except
as expressly provided in Section 5(b), Section 6(b), Section 8 and Section 9 and the Termination Fee
that shall become payable by the Company to the Manager upon any termination pursuant to Section 11(b), Section 11(d)(ii)(A)
or Section 11(d)(ii)(B), a termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11 shall be without any further liability
or obligation of either party hereto to the other party hereto.

(h) Cooperation. Following
a termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11, the Manager shall cooperate, at the Companys request and expense,
with the Company in executing an orderly transition of the management of the Company.

Section 12.Assignments.

(a) Assignments by the
Manager. This Agreement may not be assigned by the Manager without the consent of the Company, which consent shall be contingent on
the affirmative vote of a majority of the Companys Independent Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager may, at any
time without the approval of the Company and without the approval of the Companys Independent Directors, (i) assign this Agreement
to one or more Affiliates of the Manager and (ii) delegate to one or more of its Affiliates, including sub-managers where applicable,
the performance of any of its responsibilities hereunder so long as it remains liable for any such Affiliates performance. Any
such permitted assignment shall bind the assignee under this

22 

Agreement in the same manner as the Manager
is bound, and the Manager shall be liable to the Company for all acts or omissions of the assignee under any such assignment. In addition,
the assignee shall execute and deliver to the Company a counterpart of this Agreement naming such assignee as the Manager. Nothing contained
in this Agreement shall preclude any pledge, hypothecation or other transfer of any amounts payable to the Manager under this Agreement.

(b) Assignments by the
Company. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the Company without the prior written consent of the Manager.

Section 13.Action Upon Termination. Notwithstanding anything to contrary contained herein, from and after any Effective Termination
Date, the Manager shall not be entitled to compensation for further Services hereunder, but shall be paid all compensation accruing to
such Effective Termination Date and, upon a termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 11(b), Section 11(d)(ii)(A)
or Section 11(d)(ii)(B), the Termination Fee.

Section 14.Representations and Warranties.

(a) The Company hereby
represents and warrants to the Manager as follows:

(i) The Company is
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the limited liability company power
and authority and the legal right to own and operate its assets, to lease any property it may operate as lessee and to conduct the business
in which it is now engaged and is duly qualified as a foreign limited liability company and is in good standing under the laws of each
jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for failures
to be so qualified, authorized or licensed that could not in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the business operations,
assets or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole.

(ii) The Company
has the limited liability company power and authority and the legal right to make, deliver and perform this Agreement and all obligations
required hereunder and has taken all necessary limited liability company action to authorize this Agreement on the terms and conditions
hereof and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all obligations required hereunder. No consent of any other Person
that has not already been obtained, including stockholders and creditors of the Company, and no license, permit, approval or authorization
of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing or declaration with, any Governmental Authority is required by the Company
in connection with this Agreement or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement and all obligations
required hereunder. This Agreement has been, and each instrument or document required hereunder will be, executed and delivered by a duly
authorized officer of the Company, and this Agreement constitutes, and each instrument or document required hereunder when executed and
delivered hereunder will constitute, the legally valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms.

(iii) The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the documents or instruments required hereunder will not violate any provision of any existing
law or

23 

regulation binding on the Company, or
any order, judgment, award or decree of any Governmental Authority binding on the Company, or the Governing Agreements of, or any securities
issued by the Company or of any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking to which the Company
is a party or by which the Company or any of its assets may be bound, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect on the
business operations, assets or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, and will not result
in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien or any of its property, assets or revenues pursuant to the provisions of any such
mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking.

(b) The Manager hereby
represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(i) The Manager is
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the corporate power and authority and
the legal right to conduct the business in which it is now engaged and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and is in good standing
under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification,
except for failures to be so qualified, authorized or licensed that could not in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the business
operations, assets or financial condition of the Manager.

(ii) The Manager
has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to make, deliver and perform this Agreement and all obligations required hereunder
and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize this Agreement on the terms and conditions hereof and the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and all obligations required hereunder. No consent of any other Person, including stockholders of the
Manager, and no license, permit, approval or authorization of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing or declaration
with, any Governmental Authority is required by the Manager in connection with this Agreement or the execution, delivery, performance,
validity or enforceability of this Agreement and all obligations required hereunder. This Agreement has been, and each instrument or document
required hereunder will be, executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Manager, and this Agreement constitutes, and each
instrument or document required hereunder when executed and delivered hereunder will constitute, the legally valid and binding obligation
of the Manager enforceable against the Manager in accordance with its terms.

(iii) The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the documents or instruments required hereunder will not violate any provision of any existing
law or regulation binding on the Manager, or any order, judgment, award or decree of any Governmental Authority binding on the Manager,
or the Governing Agreements of, or any securities issued by the Manager or of any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement,
instrument or undertaking to which the Manager is a party or by which the Manager or any of its assets may be bound, the violation of
which would have a material adverse effect on the business operations, assets or financial condition of the Manager, and will not result
in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien or any of its property,

24 

assets or revenues pursuant to the provisions
of any such mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking.

Section 15.Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. Any notices
that may or are required to be given hereunder by any party to another shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) personally delivered
or delivered by facsimile, when received, (ii) sent by U.S. Express Mail or recognized overnight courier, on the second (2nd)
following Business Day (or third (3rd) following Business Day if mailed outside the United States), (iii) delivered by electronic
mail, when received or (iv) posted on a password protected website maintained by the Manager and for which the Company has received access
instructions by electronic mail, when posted:

The Company: CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C.

309 Pierce Street

Somerset, NJ 08873

Attention: General Counsel

The Manager: 

Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

445 Park Avenue, Suite 5B

New York, NY 10022

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

(b) Binding Nature of
Agreement Successors and Assigns No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and permitted assigns as provided herein. Except
for Section 5 and Section 9, none of the provisions of this Agreement are intended to be, nor shall they be construed to
be, for the benefit of any third-party.

(c) Integration.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written,
of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance
and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.

(d) Additional Agreements.
In the event the Company forms any Subsidiary or acquires any business or any other equity interest (or other interest convertible or
exchangeable into an equity interest) in any other Person, following the Effective Date, the Company shall, at the Managers election,
cause any such Subsidiary, business or other Person to enter into a management agreement with the Manager in a form substantially similar
to this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, there will be no duplication of fees under this Agreement and any such agreement), and,
if the Manager so elects shall not make such acquisition in the absence of such a management agreement.

(e) Amendments.
Neither this Agreement, nor any terms hereof, may be amended, supplemented or modified except in an instrument in writing executed by
the parties hereto.

25 

(f) Governing Law.
Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties hereto expressly agree that all
of the terms and provisions hereof shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware.

(g) Forum; Consent to
Service. To the fullest extent permitted by law, in the event of any proceeding arising out of the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
the parties hereto irrevocably (i) consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery and any state appellate
court therefrom within the State of Delaware (unless the Delaware Court of Chancery shall decline jurisdiction over a particular matter,
in which case, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware), (ii) waive any defense based on doctrines of venue or forum
non conveniens, or similar rules or doctrines and, (iii) agree that all claims in respect of such a proceeding must be heard and determined
exclusively in the Delaware Court of Chancery and any state appellate court therefrom within the State of Delaware (unless the Delaware
Court of Chancery shall decline jurisdiction over a particular matter, in which case, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware).
Process in any such proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such
court. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees and consents that service of any process, summons, notice, or document pursuant to Section
15(a) shall be effective service of process for any suit or proceeding arising out of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(h) Waiver of Jury Trial.
EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

(i) Survival of Representations
and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder, and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant
hereto or in connection herewith, shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

(j) No Waiver
Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of a party hereto, any right, remedy, power or
privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies,
powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

(k) Costs and Expenses.
Each party hereto shall bear its own costs and expenses (including the fees and disbursements of counsel and accountants) incurred in
connection with the negotiations, preparation of and entry into this Agreement, and all matters incident thereto, prior to the Effective
Time. For the avoidance of doubt, all costs and expenses incurred by the parties hereto on and after the Effective Time in connection
with the performance of their respective duties hereunder shall be borne in accordance with Section 8.

26 

(l) Headings. The
section and subsection headings in this Agreement are for convenience in reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the
interpretation of any provisions hereof.

(m) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed by the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts (including by facsimile), and all
of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

(n) Severability.
Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(o) Action by the Company.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, only the Company, by action of a two-thirds (2/3) vote of the Independent
Directors (who have not recused themselves with respect to such vote), and for the avoidance of doubt not the Manager, may exercise the
Companys rights or grant any consent, amendment or waiver hereunder, including the termination rights under Section 11(b).

[Signature Page Follows]

27 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each
of the parties hereto has executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

Company: 

CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. 

By: /s/ Jonathan C. Wilk 

Name: Jonathan C. Wilk 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Manager: 

Resolute Holdings Management, Inc., 

By: /s/ Thomas R. Knott 

Name: Thomas R. Knott 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C.
Management Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>eh250596666_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

by and among

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT, INC.,

and

RESOLUTE COMPO HOLDINGS LLC

Dated as of February 28, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Section 1. Definitions 1

Section 2. Demand Registrations 5

Section 3. Inclusion of Other Securities; Priority 7

Section 4. Shelf Registrations 7

Section 5. Piggyback Registrations 11

Section 6. Holdback Agreements. 12

Section 7. Suspensions 13

Section 8. Registration Procedures 14

Section 9. Participation in Underwritten Offerings 19

Section 10. Registration Expenses 19

Section 11. Indemnification; Contribution 20

Section 12. Rule 144 Compliance 23

Section 13. Miscellaneous 24

i 

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT is
made and entered into as of February 28, 2025 by and among Resolute Holdings Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company)
and Resolute Compo Holdings LLC (Resolute Compo Holdings) and any transferee that becomes a party to this Agreement
by executing and delivering a counterpart to this Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, in connection with the consummation
of the Spin-Off of the Company, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement in order to grant certain registration rights to the Holders
of Registrable Securities as set forth below.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
mutual covenants contained in this Agreement and other good and valid consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged,
the parties to this Agreement agree as follows:

Section 1.Definitions.

(a)As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate of a Person
has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, and Affiliated shall have a correlative meaning. For purposes
of this definition, the term control (including the correlative meanings of the terms controlled by and under
common control with), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct
or cause the direction of the management policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or
otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, Resolute Compo Holdings and its respective Affiliates
shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of the Company.

Agreement means this
Registration Rights Agreement, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, in accordance with the terms of this Registration
Rights Agreement, together with any exhibits, schedules or other attachments to this Registration Rights Agreement.

Alternative Transactions
has the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

Automatic Shelf Registration
Statement means an automatic shelf registration statement as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities
Act.

Common Stock means
the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, including any other shares of stock issued or issuable with respect to
the common stock of the Company (whether by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in exchange for or upon conversion of such shares
or otherwise in connection with a

combination of shares, distribution, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation, other corporate reorganization or other similar event).

Company has the meaning
set forth in the Preamble and includes the Companys successors by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.

Controlling Person
has the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

Covered Person has
the meaning set forth in Section 11(a).

Demand Registration
has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Demand Registration Request
has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Determination Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 4(f).

Equity Securities
means shares of Common Stock, shares of any other class of common or preferred stock of the Company and any options, warrants, rights
or securities of the Company convertible into or exchangeable for common or preferred stock of the Company.

Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Executive Officer
has the meaning as set forth in Rule 16a-1(f) or any successor rule, as promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act.

Family Member means,
with respect to any Person who is an individual, any spouse or lineal descendants, including adoptive relationships.

Governmental Entity
means any United States or foreign (i) federal, state, local, municipal or other government, (ii) governmental or quasi-governmental entity
of any nature (including, without limitation, any governmental agency, branch, department, official or entity and any court or other tribunal)
or (iii) body exercising or entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority
or power of any nature, including, without limitation, any arbitral tribunal.

Holder means Resolute
Compo Holdings and any direct or indirect transferee of Resolute Compo Holdings that has become a party to this Agreement by executing
and delivering a counterpart to this Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A, in each case to the extent such Person is a holder
or beneficial owner of Registrable Securities.

Permitted Transferee
shall mean any Affiliate, Family Member, direct or indirect member, partner, stockholder or other equity holder of Resolute Compo Holdings,
and any Permitted Transferee of Resolute Compo Holdings shall be bound by the terms of this Agreement and treated as Resolute Compo Holdings
for all purposes of this Agreement.

2 

Person means any
natural person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, foundation,
unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision of such government.

Piggyback Registration
has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Piggyback Shelf Registration
Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Piggyback Shelf Takedown
has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Prospectus means
the prospectus or prospectuses (whether preliminary or final) included in any Registration Statement and relating to Registrable Securities,
as amended or supplemented and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus or prospectuses.

Registrable Securities
means, at any time, (i) any shares of Common Stock held or beneficially owned by any Holder, (ii) any shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable to any Holder upon the conversion, exercise or exchange, as applicable, of any other Equity Securities held or beneficially owned
by any Holder and (iii) any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to any Holder with respect to any shares described in clauses (i)
and (ii) above by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in exchange for or upon conversion of such shares or otherwise in connection
with a combination of shares, distribution, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, other reorganization or other similar event (it being
understood that, for purposes of this Agreement, a Person shall be deemed to be a Holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person
in its sole discretion has the right to then acquire or obtain from the Company any Registrable Securities, whether or not such acquisition
has actually been effected). As to any particular Registrable Securities, the shares described in the preceding sentence shall cease to
constitute Registrable Securities when such shares become eligible for resale under Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c)(1).

Registration Expenses
has the meaning set forth in Section 10(a).

Registration Statement
means any registration statement of the Company under the Securities Act which covers any of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the
provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus, all amendments and supplements to that Registration Statement, including post-effective
amendments, all exhibits and all documents incorporated by reference in that Registration Statement.

Remaining Registrable Securities
has the meaning set forth in Section 4(e).

Requested Shelf Registered Securities
has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Resolute Compo Holdings
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

3 

Rule 144 means Rule
144 under the Securities Act or any successor rule.

S-3 Shelf Eligible
has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

SEC means the Securities
and Exchange Commission or any successor agency administering the Securities Act and the Exchange Act at the time.

SEC Guidance means
(i) any publicly available written or oral interpretations, questions and answers, guidance and forms of the SEC, (ii) any oral
or written comments, requirements or requests of the SEC or its staff, (iii) the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and (iv) any
other rules, bulletins, releases, manuals and regulations of the SEC.

Securities Act means
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.

Selling Expenses
means all underwriting discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities.

Shelf Public Offering
has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Shelf Public Offering Request
has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Shelf Public Offering Requesting
Holder has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Shelf Registered Securities
means any Registrable Securities whose offer and sale is registered pursuant to a Registration Statement filed in connection with a Shelf
Registration (including an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement).

Shelf Registration
has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Shelf Registration Statement
means a Registration Statement filed with the SEC on either Form S-3 or F-3 for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant
to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor provision) covering the offer and sale of all or any portion of the Registrable
Securities, as applicable.

Shelf Requesting Holder
has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Spin-Off means the
distribution by CompoSecure, Inc., and registration of the Common Stock pursuant to the Companys Form 10 filed with and declared
effective by the SEC.

Suspension has the
meaning set forth in Section 7.

Transfer means, when
used as a noun, any direct or indirect, voluntary or involuntary, sale, disposition, hypothecation, mortgage, gift, pledge, assignment,
attachment or other transfer (including the creation of any derivative or synthetic interest, including a participation or other similar
interest) and, when used as a verb, voluntarily to

4 

directly or indirectly sell, dispose, hypothecate, mortgage,
gift, pledge, assign, attach or otherwise transfer, in any case, whether by operation of law or otherwise.

underwritten offering
means a registered offering of securities conducted by one or more underwriters pursuant to the terms of an underwriting agreement.

(a) In
addition to the above definitions, unless the context requires otherwise:

(i) any
reference to any statute, regulation, rule or form as of any time shall mean such statute, regulation, rule or form as amended or modified
and shall also include any successor statute, regulation, rule or form, as amended, from time to time;

(ii) the
words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without
limitation, in each case notwithstanding the absence of any express statement to such effect, or the presence of such express statement
in some contexts and not in others;

(iii) references
to Section are references to Sections of this Agreement; and

(iv) references
to dollars and $ mean U.S. dollars.

Well-Known Seasoned Issuer
means a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act and which (a)(i) is a well-known
seasoned issuer under paragraph (1)(i)(A) of such definition or (ii) is a well-known seasoned issuer under paragraph
(1)(i)(B) of such definition and is also eligible to Register a primary offering of its securities relying on General Instruction I.B.1
of Form S-3 under the Securities Act and (b) is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities
Act.

Section 2.Demand Registrations.

(a)Right to Demand Registrations. At any time following the Spin-Off, each Holder may, by providing written notice to the Company,
request to sell all or part of its Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement (a Demand Registration)
(such requesting Holder, a Demand Holder). Each request for a Demand Registration (a Demand Registration
Request) shall specify the number of Registrable Securities intended to be offered and sold by that Demand Holder pursuant
to the Demand Registration and the intended method of distribution of those Registrable Securities, including whether the offering is
intended to be an underwritten offering. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, the Company may, if the Board of Directors of the Company
so determines that, due to a pending or contemplated material acquisition or disposition or public offering or other material event involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, it would be inadvisable to effect the requested Demand Registration at that time (but in no event
after the related Registration Statement has become effective), the Company may, upon providing the Demand Holder written notice (the
Delay Notice), defer the Demand Registration for a single period set forth in that Delay Notice not to exceed 90
days.

5 

The Company shall not postpone or delay a Demand Registration under
this Section 2 more than once in any twelve (12) month period. Promptly (but in any event within three (3) business days) after
receipt of a Demand Registration Request, the Company shall give written notice of the Demand Registration Request to all other Holders
of Registrable Securities. As promptly as practicable and no later than ten (10) business days after receipt of a Demand Registration
Request, the Company shall register all Registrable Securities (i) that have been requested to be registered in the Demand Registration
Request and (ii) subject to Section 3, with respect to which the Company has received a written request for inclusion in the Demand
Registration from a Holder no later than five (5) business days after the date on which the Company has given notice to Holders of the
Demand Registration Request. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement filed pursuant to this
Section 2(a) to be declared effective by the SEC or otherwise become effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable
after the filing of the Registration Statement. A Demand Registration may be effected by way of a Registration Statement on Form S-3 or
any similar short-form registration statement to the extent the Company is permitted to use such form at such time. The Company shall
not be required to effect a Demand Registration unless the expected aggregate gross proceeds from the offering of the Registrable Securities
to be registered in connection with such Demand Registration are at least $50 million and shall not be required to effect more than four
(4) Demand Registrations in any 12-month period.

The Company shall not be obligated to maintain
a Registration Statement pursuant to a Demand Registration effective for more than (x) 360 days or (y) a shorter period when all of the
Registrable Securities covered by that Registration Statement have been sold pursuant to that Registration Statement(the Effectiveness
Period).

(b)Number of Demand Registrations. Resolute Compo Holdings, together with any direct or indirect transferee of Resolute Compo
Holdings that has become a Holder, shall be entitled to request an unlimited number of Demand Registrations. At any time in which the
Company is eligible to register Common Stock on Form S-3 (or any successor form), each Holder shall have an unlimited number of Demand
Registrations on Form S-3.

(c)Withdrawal. A Holder may, by written notice to the Company, withdraw its Registrable Securities from a Demand Registration
at any time prior to the effectiveness of the applicable Registration Statement. Upon receipt of notices from all applicable Holders
to that effect, the Company shall cease all efforts to seek effectiveness of the applicable Registration Statement, unless the Company
intends to effect a primary offering of securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. In addition, a Demand Holder may, at any
time prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement relating to a Demand Registration, revoke its request by providing a written
notice of the revocation to the Company and only if that Demand Holder complies with this Section 2(c).(d)Selection of Underwriters.
If a Demand Registration is an underwritten offering, the Demand Holder requesting the Demand Registration shall have the right to select
the investment banking firm(s) to act as the managing underwriter(s) in connection with the related offering, subject to the approval
of the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

6 

Section 3.Inclusion of Other Securities; Priority. The Company shall not include in any Demand Registration any securities that are
not Registrable Securities without the prior written consent of the Holder(s) (which consent may not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) of the Registrable Securities participating in that Demand Registration. If a Demand Registration involves an underwritten
offering and the managing underwriters of such offering advise the Company and the Holders in writing that, in their opinion, the number
of Equity Securities proposed to be included in that Demand Registration, including all Registrable Securities and all other Equity Securities
proposed to be included in such offering, exceeds the number of Equity Securities that can reasonably be expected to be sold in such offering
without adversely affecting the success of the offering (including the price, timing or distribution of the securities to be sold in such
offering), the Company shall include in such Demand Registration: (i) first, the Registrable Securities proposed to be sold by Holders
in the offering; and (ii) second, to the extent additional Equity Securities may, in the opinion of the managing underwriters, be included
in the offering without reasonably being expected to adversely affect the success of the offering (including the price, timing or distribution
of the securities to be sold in the offering), any Equity Securities proposed to be included in such Demand Registration by any other
Persons (including Equity Securities to be sold for the account of the Company and/or any other holders of Equity Securities), allocated,
in the case of this clause (ii), among such Persons in such manner as the Company may determine. If more than one Holder is participating
in such Demand Registration and the managing underwriters of such offering determine that a limited number of Registrable Securities held
by the Holders may be included in the offering without reasonably being expected to adversely affect the success of the offering (including
the price, timing or distribution of the securities to be sold in the offering), then the Registrable Securities that are included in
such offering shall be allocated pro rata among the participating Holders on the basis of the number of Registrable Securities initially
requested to be sold by the Holder in such offering.

Section 4.Shelf Registrations.

(a)Initial Shelf Registration. At any time when the Company becomes eligible to use Form S-3 in connection with a secondary
public offering of its equity securities on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, in accordance
with SEC Guidance (S-3 Shelf Eligible), upon the written request of any Holder of Registrable Securities (the Shelf
Requesting Holder), the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to register, under the Securities Act on Form
S-3 for an offering on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act (a Shelf Registration),
the offer and sale of such amount of Registrable Securities owned by such Shelf Requesting Holder as such Shelf Requesting Holder shall
request. Upon the receipt of such written request, the Company shall promptly give notice (via facsimile or electronic transmission) of
such requested Shelf Registration at least ten (10) business days prior to the anticipated filing date of such Shelf Registration to the
other Holders of Registrable Securities, and such notice shall describe the proposed Shelf Registration, the intended method of disposition
of such Registrable Securities and any other information that at the time would be appropriate to include in such notice, and offer such
Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the number of Registrable Securities as each such Holder of Registrable
Securities may request by written notice to the Company, given within five (5) business days after such Holders of Registrable Securities
are given the Companys notice of the Shelf 

7 

Registration. The Plan of Distribution section
of such Shelf Registration shall permit all lawful means of disposition of Registrable Securities, including firm-commitment
underwritten public offerings, block trades, agented transactions, sales directly into the market, purchases or sales by brokers,
derivative transactions, short sales, stock loan or stock pledge transactions, hedging transactions and sales not involving a public
offering. With respect to each Shelf Registration, the Company shall (x) as promptly as practicable after the written request of the
Holder of Registrable Securities, file a Registration Statement and (y) use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such
Registration Statement to be declared effective as promptly as practicable, and remain effective until the date set forth in Section
8. No Holders of Registrable Securities shall be entitled to include any of its Registrable Securities in a Shelf Registration
unless such Holder of Registrable Securities has complied with Section 9, to the extent applicable. The obligations set forth
in this Section 4 shall not apply if the Company has a currently effective Shelf Registration Statement covering all
Registrable Securities in accordance with Section 8 and has otherwise complied with its obligations pursuant to this Section
4. The rights of Holders of Registrable Securities with respect to any Shelf Registration shall be subject to Suspension, as
provided in Section 7.

(b)Underwritten Take-Downs. Upon written request by a Holder of Registrable Securities holding Shelf Registered Securities
(the Shelf Public Offering Requesting Holder), which request (the Shelf Public Offering Request)
shall specify the class or series and amount of such Shelf Public Offering Requesting Holders Shelf Registered Securities to be
sold (the Requested Shelf Registered Securities), the Company shall perform its obligations hereunder with respect
to the sale of such Requested Shelf Registered Securities in the form of a firm commitment underwritten public offering (unless otherwise
consented to by the Shelf Public Offering Requesting Holder) (a Shelf Public Offering) if the aggregate proceeds
reasonably anticipated to be generated, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, from the sale of the Requested Shelf Registered
Securities equals or exceeds $15,000,000 (as determined by the Shelf Public Offering Requesting Holder in good faith, as of the date the
Company receives the Shelf Public Offering Request), unless such Shelf Public Offering shall include all of the Registrable Securities
then owned by the Shelf Public Offering Requesting Holder(s). Promptly upon receipt of a Shelf Public Offering Request, the Company shall
provide notice (the Shelf Public Offering Notice) of such proposed Shelf Public Offering, to the extent known, as
well as the identity of the Shelf Public Offering Requesting Holder, to the other Holders of Registrable Securities holding Shelf Registered
Securities. Such other Holders of Registrable Securities may, by written request to the Company and the Shelf Public Offering Requesting
Holders, within one (1) business day after receipt of such Shelf Public Offering Notice, offer and sell up to all of their Shelf Registered
Securities of the same class or series as the Requested Shelf Registered Securities in such proposed Shelf Public Offering. No Holder
of Registration Rights shall be entitled to include any of its Registrable Securities in a Shelf Public Offering unless such Holder of
Registrable Securities has compiled with Section 9, to the extent applicable. The lead managing underwriter or underwriters selected
for such Shelf Public Offering shall be selected in accordance with Section 8. The terms and conditions of any customary underwriting
or purchase arrangements pursuant to which Registrable Securities shall be sold in a Shelf Public Offering shall be approved by the Shelf
Public Offering Requesting Holder.

(c)Priority. In a Shelf Public Offering, if the lead managing underwriter advises the Shelf Public Offering Requesting Holder
and the Company that, in its opinion, the 

8 

number of Equity Securities requested to be included in such
Shelf Public Offering, including all Registrable Securities and all other Equity Securities proposed to be included in such
offering, exceeds the number of Equity Securities that can reasonably be expected to be sold in such offering without adversely
affecting the success of the offering (including the price, timing or distribution of the securities to be sold in such offering),
the Company shall include in such Shelf Public Offering: (i) first, the Registrable Securities that are requested to be included in
such Shelf Public Offering, pro rata among Holders entitled to participate therein; and (ii) second, all securities that are
registered on the applicable Shelf Registration Statement and are requested to be included in such Shelf Public Offering by the
Company (including securities to be included pursuant to other applicable registration rights agreements or provisions).

(d)Company Cooperation.

(i)The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate in a timely manner with any request of the Holders of Registrable
Securities holding Shelf Registered Securities in respect of any block trade, agented transaction, sales directly into the market, purchase
or sale by brokers, derivative transaction, short sale, stock loan or stock pledge transaction, sale not involving a public offering,
hedging transaction or other transaction or disposition that is registered pursuant to a Shelf Registration that is not a firm commitment
underwritten offering (each, an Alternative Transaction), including entering into customary agreements with respect
to such Alternative Transactions (and providing customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities in such agreements).

(ii)The Company shall bear all Registration Expenses in connection with any Shelf Registration, any Shelf Public Offering or any other
transaction (including any Alternative Transaction) registered under a Shelf Registration pursuant to this Section 4(d), whether
or not such Shelf Registration becomes effective or such Shelf Public Offering or other transactions is completed.

(e)Subsequent Shelf Registration. After the Registration Statement with respect to a Shelf Registration is declared effective,
upon written request by one or more Holders of Registrable Securities (which written request shall specify the amount of such Holders
Registrable Securities to be registered), the Company shall, as permitted by SEC Guidance, (i) if it is a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer and
such Registration Statement is an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement, as promptly as practicable after receiving such request, file
a prospectus supplement to include such Holders of Registrable Securities as selling stockholders in such Registration Statement or (ii)
otherwise, as promptly as practicable after the date the Registrable Securities requested to be registered pursuant to this Section
4(e) that have not already been so registered represent more than 1.0% of the outstanding Registrable Securities, file a post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement to include such Holders of Registrable Securities in such Shelf Registration and use commercially
reasonable efforts to have such post-effective amendment declared effective. To the extent that any Registration Statement with respect
to a Shelf Registration is expected to no longer be usable for the resale of Registrable Securities registered thereon (Remaining
Registrable Securities) pursuant to SEC Guidance, the Company shall, not later than 90 days prior to the date such Registration
Statement is expected to no longer be usable, use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file a new 

9 

Registration Statement with
respect to such Shelf Registration, as if the holders of such Remaining Registrable Securities had requested a Shelf Registration with
respect thereto pursuant to Section 4(a) and perform all actions required
under this Agreement with respect to such Shelf Registration.

(f)Automatic Shelf Registration Statements. Upon the Company becoming a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer eligible to use an Automatic
Shelf Registration Statement in accordance with SEC Guidance, the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, register, under an Automatic
Shelf Registration Statement, the sale of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of this Section 4. If
requested by any Holder, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file such Automatic Shelf Registration Statement
as promptly as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after it becomes a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer, and to
cause such Automatic Shelf Registration Statement to remain effective thereafter until the date set forth in Section 8. The Company
shall give written notice of filing such Registration Statement to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as promptly as practicable
thereafter. The Company shall not be required to include any Holders of Registrable Securities as a selling stockholder in any Registration
Statement or prospectus unless such Holders of Registrable Securities has compiled with Section 9, to the extent applicable. At
any time after the filing of an Automatic Shelf Registration Statement by the Company, if it is reasonably likely that it will no longer
be a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer as of a future determination date (the Determination Date), as promptly as practicable
and at least 30 days prior to such Determination Date, the Company shall (A) give written notice thereof to all of the Holders of Registrable
Securities and (B) if the Company is S-3 Shelf Eligible, file a Registration Statement on Form S-3 with respect to a Shelf Registration
in accordance with Section 4(a) and use all commercially reasonable efforts to have such Registration Statement declared effective
prior to the Determination Date.

Section 5.Piggyback Registrations.

(a)Whenever the Company proposes to register any Equity Securities under the Securities Act (other than a registration (i) pursuant
to a Registration Statement on Form S-8 (or other registration solely relating to an offering or sale to employees or directors of the
Company pursuant to any employee stock plan or other employee benefit arrangement), (ii) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form
S-4 (or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act or any successor rule to Rule 145) or
(iii) in connection with any dividend or distribution reinvestment or similar plan), whether for its own account or for the account of
one or more stockholders of the Company (other than a Demand Registration (for which participation is provided under Section 2))
(a Piggyback Registration), the Company shall give prompt written notice to each Holder of Registrable Securities
of its intention to effect such a registration. The Company shall in no event give that notice in less than ten (10) business days prior
to the proposed date of filing of the applicable Registration Statement. Subject to Sections 5(b) and 6(c), the Company
shall include in the Registration Statement and in any offering of Equity Securities to be made pursuant to that Registration Statement
that number of Registrable Securities requested to be sold in such offering by a Holder for the account of that Holder if the Company
has received a written request for inclusion in the Registration Statement from that Holder no later than five (5) business days after
the date on which the Company has given notice of the Piggyback Registration to Holders. The Company 

10 

may terminate or withdraw a Piggyback
Registration prior to the effectiveness of such registration at any time in its sole discretion. If a Piggyback Registration is effected
pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 or the then appropriate form
for an offering to be made on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule to Rule
415 (a Piggyback Shelf Registration Statement), the Holders of Registrable Securities shall be notified by the Company
of and shall have the right, but not the obligation, to participate in any offering pursuant to such Piggyback Shelf Registration Statement
(a Piggyback Shelf Takedown), subject to the same limitations that are applicable to any other Piggyback Registration
as set forth above.

(b)Priority on Primary Piggyback Registrations. If a Piggyback Registration or Piggyback Shelf Takedown is initiated as a primary
underwritten offering on behalf of the Company and the managing underwriters of the offering advise the Company in writing that, in their
opinion, the number of Equity Securities proposed to be included in that offering, including all Registrable Securities and all other
Equity Securities proposed to be included in the offering, exceeds the number of Equity Securities that can reasonably be expected to
be sold in the offering without adversely affecting the success of the offering (including the price, timing or distribution of the securities
to be sold in the offering), the Company shall include in such Piggyback Registration or Piggyback Shelf Takedown: (i) first, the
Equity Securities that the Company proposes to sell in the offering; (ii) second, any Equity Securities proposed to be included
in the offering by Holders exercising their rights pursuant to this Section 5, allocated, in the case of this clause (ii), pro
rata among those Holders on the basis of the number of Equity Securities initially proposed to be included by each Holder in the offering,
up to the number of Equity Securities, if any, that the managing underwriters determine can be included in the offering without reasonably
being expected to adversely affect the success of the offering (including the price, timing or distribution of the securities to be offered
in the offering); and (iii) third, any Equity Securities proposed to be included in the offering by any other Person to whom the
Company has a contractual obligation to facilitate such offering.

(c)Priority on Secondary Piggyback Registrations. If a Piggyback Registration or a Piggyback Shelf Takedown is initiated as
an underwritten offering on behalf of a holder of Equity Securities to whom the Company has a contractual obligation to facilitate such
offering, other than Holders of Registrable Securities exercising rights pursuant to Section 2, for which the specified priorities
are in Section 3, and the managing underwriters of the offering advise the Company in writing that, in their opinion, the number
of Equity Securities proposed to be included in the offering, including all Registrable Securities and all other Equity Securities requested
to be included in the offering, exceeds the number of Equity Securities which can reasonably be expected to be sold in the offering without
adversely affecting the success of the offering (including the price, timing or distribution of the securities to be sold in the offering),
the Company shall include in such Piggyback Registration or Piggyback Shelf Takedown: (i) first, any Equity Securities requested
to be included in the offering by a Holder exercising their rights pursuant to this Section 5, allocated, in the case of this
clause (i), pro rata among those Holders on the basis of the number of Equity Securities initially proposed to be included by each of
those Holders in the offering; and (ii) second, the Equity Securities that the Person demanding the offering pursuant to such
contractual right proposes to sell in the offering, in each case of clause (i) and clause (ii), up to the number of Equity Securities,
if any, that the managing underwriters determine can be included in the offering without reasonably being expected to

11 

adversely affect the success of the
offering (including the price, timing or distribution of the securities to be offered in the offering); and (iii) third, any Equity
Securities proposed to be included in the offering by any other Person to whom the Company
has a contractual obligation to facilitate such offering or otherwise desires to include in such offering, if, and only if, the managing
underwriters determine can be included in the offering without reasonably being expected to adversely affect the success of the offering
(including the price, timing or distribution of the securities to be offered in the offering).

(d)Selection of Underwriters. If a Piggyback Registration or Piggyback Shelf Takedown is initiated as a primary underwritten
offering on behalf of the Company, the Company shall have the right to select the investment banking firm(s) to act as the managing underwriter(s)
in connection with such offering.

Section 6.Holdback Agreements.

(a)Holders of Registrable Securities. Each Holder of Registrable Securities that holds or beneficially owns at least 10% of
the outstanding Common Stock agrees that in connection with any registered underwritten offering of Common Stock, and upon request from
the managing underwriter(s) for that offering, that Holder shall not, without the prior written consent of that managing underwriter(s),
during such period as is reasonably requested by the managing underwriter(s) (which period shall in no event be longer than three (3)
days prior to and ninety (90) days after the pricing of such offering), Transfer any Registrable Securities. The restrictions on Transfers
in this Section 6(a) shall not apply to offers or sales of Registrable Securities that are included in an offering pursuant to
Sections 2, 3 , 4 or 5 of this Agreement and shall be applicable to the Holders of Registrable Securities
only if, for so long as and to the extent that the Company, all the directors and Executive Officers of the Company, each selling stockholder
included in such offering and each other Person holding or beneficially owning at least 10% of the outstanding Common Stock are subject
to the same restrictions. Each Holder of Registrable Securities agrees to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably
requested by the managing underwriter(s) that are consistent with the provisions of this Section 6(a) and are necessary to give
further effect to those provisions. If the Company releases any Holder of Registration Securities from such a holdback agreement, it shall
similarly release all other Holders of Registrable Securities on a pro rata basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
6(a), no Holder shall be subject to a holdback arrangement in excess of 180 days in any calendar year due to the registration of any
Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 3.

(b)The Company. To the extent requested by the managing underwriter(s) for the applicable offering, the Company shall not effect
any sale registered under the Securities Act of Equity Securities during the period commencing three (3) days prior to and ending ninety
(90) days after the pricing of an underwritten offering pursuant to Sections 2 or 5 of this Agreement, other than a registration
(i) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-8 (or other registration solely relating to an offering or sale to employees or directors
of the Company pursuant to any employee stock plan or other employee benefit arrangement), (ii) pursuant to a Registration Statement on
Form S-4 (or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act or any successor rule to Rule 145),
(iii) in connection with any dividend or distribution reinvestment or similar plan or (iv) as consideration to any third party 

12 

seller in connection with the bona fide acquisition by the
Company or any subsidiary of the Company of the assets or securities of any Person in any transaction approved by the Board of
Directors of the Company.

(c)In the case of any underwritten offering pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
any stockholders that beneficially own 5% or more of the Common Stock (other than the Holders of Registrable Securities) and its directors
and Executive Officers to execute any lock-up agreements in form and substance as agreed by the selling stockholders in such underwritten
offering and as reasonably requested by the managing underwriters.

Section 7.Suspensions. Upon giving no less than five (5) days prior written notice to the Holders of Registrable Securities,
the Company shall be entitled to delay or suspend the filing, effectiveness or use of a Registration Statement or Prospectus (a Suspension)
if the board of directors of the Company determines in good faith that (i) proceeding with the filing, effectiveness or use of such Registration
Statement or Prospectus would reasonably be expected to require the Company to disclose any information the disclosure of which would
have a material adverse effect on the Company and that the Company would not otherwise be required to disclose at such time, (ii) the
registration or offering proposed to be delayed or suspended would reasonably be expected to, if not delayed or suspended, have a material
adverse effect on any pending negotiation or plan of the Company to effect a merger, acquisition, disposition, financing, reorganization,
recapitalization or other similar transaction, in each case that, if consummated, would be material to the Company or (iii) due to any
other material event involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, it would be inadvisable to effect the filing or use such Registration
Statement or Prospectus. The Company shall not be entitled to exercise a Suspension (i) more than twice during any 12-month period or
(ii) for a period exceeding 60 (sixty) days on any one occasion. Each Holder who is notified by the Company of a Suspension pursuant to
this Section 7 shall keep the existence of such Suspension confidential and shall immediately discontinue (and direct any other
Person making offers or sales of Registrable Securities on behalf of such Holder to immediately discontinue) offers and sales of Registrable
Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or Prospectus until such time as it is advised in writing by the Company that the use
of the Registration Statement or Prospectus may be resumed and, if applicable, is furnished by the Company with a supplemented or amended
Prospectus as contemplated by Section 8(g). If the Company delays or suspends a Demand Registration or Shelf Registration, the
Holder that initiated such Demand Registration or Shelf Registration shall be entitled to withdraw its request. In the case of a Demand
Registration Request, such Demand Registration Request shall not count against the limitation on the number of such Holders Demand
Registrations set forth in Section 2(b).

Section 8.Registration Procedures. If and whenever the Company is required to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities
pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect and facilitate the registration, offering and
sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition of those Registrable Securities as promptly
as is practicable, and, the Company shall as expeditiously as possible and as applicable:

13 

(a)prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement with respect to those Registrable Securities, make all required filings
required in connection with that Registration Statement and (if the Registration Statement is not
automatically effective upon filing) use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become effective as promptly
as practicable. Before filing a Registration Statement or any amendments or supplements to that Registration Statement, the Company shall
furnish to counsel to the Holders for such registration copies of all documents proposed to be filed, which documents shall be subject
to review by counsel to the Holders at the Companys expense, and give the Holders participating in such registration an opportunity
to comment on such documents and keep such Holders reasonably informed as to the registration process. The Company shall not be obligated
to maintain such registration effective for (i) a period longer than the Effectiveness Period, or (ii) in the case of a Shelf Registration,
until the earlier of the date (x) on which all of the securities covered by such Shelf Registration are no longer Registrable Securities
and (y) on which the Company cannot extend the effectiveness of such Shelf Registration because it is no longer S-3 Shelf Eligible;

(b)prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection
with that Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement effective for a period of not less than the Effectiveness
Period (but not prior to the expiration of the time period referred to in Section 4(3) of the Securities Act and Rule 174 under the Securities
Act, if applicable) and comply with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of the Registrable
Securities covered by such Registration Statement in accordance with the intended method or methods of disposition by the sellers of such
Registrable Securities set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

(c)furnish to each Holder participating in the registration, without charge, such number of copies of the Registration Statement and
any post-effective amendment to such Registration Statement and such number of copies of the Prospectus included in such Registration
Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus) and any supplement to that Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits
in and all documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and any supplement to the Registration Statement) and such
other documents as such Holder may reasonably request, including in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities
owned by such Holder (it being understood that the Company consents to the use of the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement to the
Prospectus by the Holders covered by the Registration Statement and the underwriter or underwriters, if any, in connection with the offering
and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by the Prospectus or any amendments or supplements to the Prospectus);

(d)use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify such Registrable Securities under such other securities or blue sky
laws of such U.S. jurisdiction(s) as any Holder participating in the registration or any managing underwriter reasonably requests and
do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or reasonably advisable to enable such Holder and each underwriter, if any,
to consummate the disposition of that Holders Registrable Securities in such jurisdiction(s), except that the Company shall not
be required to qualify generally to do business, subject itself to taxation or consent to general service of process in any jurisdiction
where it would not otherwise be required to do so but for its obligations pursuant to this Section 8(d);

14 

(e) use its reasonable best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by any Registration Statement to be registered with
or approved by such other Governmental Entities or self-regulatory bodies as may be necessary or reasonably advisable in light of the
business and operations of the Company to enable each Holder participating in the registration to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities in accordance with the intended method or methods of disposition of such Registrable Securities;

(f)promptly notify each Holder participating in the registration and the managing underwriters of any underwritten offering:

(i)each time when the Registration Statement, any pre-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any Prospectus
supplement or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed and, with respect to the Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, when the same has become effective;

(ii)of any oral or written comments by the SEC or of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus or for any additional information regarding such Holder;

(iii)of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening
of any proceedings for any such purpose; and

(iv)of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities
for sale under the applicable securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction;

(g)notify each Holder participating in such registration, at any time when a Prospectus relating to the registration is required to
be delivered under the Securities Act, of the occurrence of any event that would cause the Prospectus included in the related Registration
Statement to contain an untrue statement of a material fact or to omit any fact necessary to make the statements made in the Prospectus
not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made, and, as promptly as practicable, prepare, file with the SEC and
furnish to that Holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement or amendment to the Prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to
the purchasers of the Registrable Securities, the Prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any fact necessary to make the statements made in the Prospectus not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made;

(h)in the event of the issuance of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, any order suspending
or preventing the use of any related Prospectus or any suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any Registrable
Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, use its reasonable best efforts to promptly obtain the withdrawal or lifting of any such order
or suspension;

15 

(i)not file or make any amendment to any Registration Statement with respect to any Registrable Securities, or any amendment of or
supplement to the Prospectus used in connection such Registration Statement, that refers to any Holder
covered by the Registration Statement by name or otherwise identifies that Holder as the holder of any securities of the Company without
the consent of that Holder (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), unless and to the extent that disclosure is required
by law. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, (i) each Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information regarding itself
and the distribution proposed by it as the Company may reasonably request for use in connection with a Registration Statement or Prospectus
and (ii) each Holder agrees to notify the Company as promptly as practicable of any inaccuracy or change in information previously furnished
to the Company by that Holder or of the occurrence of any event that would cause the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement
to contain an untrue statement of a material fact regarding that Holder or the distribution of those Registrable Securities or to omit
to state any material fact regarding that Holder or the distribution of those Registrable Securities required to be stated in the Prospectus
or necessary to make the statements made in the Prospectus not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made. The
Holder agrees to furnish to the Company, as promptly as practicable, any additional information required to correct and update the information
previously furnished by that Holder such that the Prospectus shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact regarding that
Holder or the distribution of those Registrable Securities or omit to state a material fact regarding that Holder or the distribution
of those Registrable Securities necessary to make the statements made in the Prospectus not misleading in light of the circumstances under
which they were made;

(j)cause the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common
Stock is not then listed on any securities exchange, use its reasonable best efforts to cause those Registrable Securities to be listed
on a national securities exchange selected by the Company after consultation with the Holders participating in such registration;

(k)provide a transfer agent and registrar (which may be the same entity) for all the Registrable Securities not later than the effective
date of the Registration Statement;

(l)make available for inspection by any Holder participating in the registration, any underwriter participating in any underwritten
offering or counterparty in an Alternative Transaction participating in any disposition pursuant to a Registration Statement being filed
by the Company pursuant to this Section 8 and any attorney, accountant or other agent retained by any Holder or underwriter, all
corporate documents, financial and other records relating to the Company and its business reasonably requested by that Holder or underwriter,
cause the Companys officers, directors, employees and independent accountants to supply all information reasonably requested by
any such Holder, underwriter, attorney, accountant or agent in connection with that registration or offering and make senior management
of the Company and the Companys independent accountants available for customary due diligence and drafting sessions. Any Person
gaining access to information or personnel of the Company pursuant to this Section 8(l) shall (i) reasonably cooperate with the
Company to limit any resulting disruption to the Companys business and (ii) protect the confidentiality of any information regarding
the Company which the Company determines in good faith to be confidential and of which determination the Person is notified, unless the
information (A) is or becomes known to the 

16 

public without a breach of this Agreement, (B) is or becomes
available to the Person on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company, (C) is independently developed by the
Person, (D) is requested or required by a deposition, interrogatory, request for information or documents by a Governmental Entity,
subpoena or similar process or (E) is otherwise required to be disclosed by law;

(m)otherwise use its reasonable best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, and make available to
its stockholders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement (in a form that satisfies the provisions of Section 12(a) of
the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the Securities Act or any successor rule to Rule 158) covering the period of at least 12 months
beginning with the first day of the Companys first full fiscal quarter after the effective date of the applicable Registration
Statement. This requirement will be deemed satisfied if the Company timely files complete and accurate information on Forms 10-K, 10-Q
and 8-K under the Exchange Act and otherwise complies with Rule 158 under the Securities Act or any successor rule to Rule 158;

(n)in the case of an underwritten offering of Registrable Securities, promptly incorporate in a supplement to the Prospectus or a
post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement such information as is reasonably requested by the managing underwriter(s) or any
Holder participating in such underwritten offering to be included in such Prospectus or post-effective amendment, the purchase price for
the securities to be paid by the underwriters and any other applicable terms of such underwritten offering, and promptly make all required
filings of such supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such supplement or amendment;

(o)in the case of an underwritten offering of Registrable Securities, enter into such customary agreements (including underwriting
and lock-up agreements in customary form) and take all such other customary actions as any Holder participating in the offering or the
managing underwriter(s) of the offering reasonably requests in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities;

(p)furnish to each Holder and to each underwriter in an underwritten offering or counterparty in an Alternative Transaction, if any,
participating in an offering of Registrable Securities (i) (A) all legal opinions of outside counsel to the Company required to be included
in the Registration Statement and (B), in the case of an underwritten offering, a written legal opinion of outside counsel to the Company,
dated the closing date of the offering, in form and substance as is customarily given in opinions of outside counsel to the Company to
underwriters in underwritten registered offerings; and (ii) (A) obtain all consents of independent public accountants required to be included
in the Registration Statement and (B), in the case of an underwritten offering, on the date of the applicable Prospectus, on the effective
date of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement and at the closing of the offering, dated the respective dates of delivery
of each of the foregoing, a comfort letter signed by the Companys independent public accountants in form and substance
as is customarily given in accountants letters to underwriters in underwritten registered offerings;

(q)in the case of underwritten offerings or Alternative Transactions of Registrable Securities, make senior management of the Company
available, to the extent 

17 

requested by the managing underwriter(s) or counterparties in
an Alternative Transaction, to assist in the marketing of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such underwritten offering or
Alternative Transaction, including the participation of such members of senior management of the Company in road show
presentations and other customary marketing activities, including one-on-one meetings with prospective purchasers of
the Registrable Securities to be sold in such underwritten offering, and otherwise facilitate, cooperate with, and participate in
such underwritten offering and customary selling efforts related to such underwritten offering, in each case to the same extent as
if the Company were engaged in a primary underwritten registered offering of its Common Stock;

(r)cooperate with the Holders of the Registrable Securities to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing
the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration Statement free of any restrictive legends and representing such number
of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names as the Holders of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request a reasonable
period of time prior to sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, the Company may satisfy its obligations under this Agreement without issuing physical stock certificates through the
use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System;

(s)not later than the effective date of the Registration Statement, provide a CUSIP number for all Registrable Securities covered
thereby and provide the applicable transfer agent with printed certificates for the Registrable Securities in a form eligible for deposit
with The Depository Trust Company. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company may satisfy its obligations
under this Agreement without issuing physical stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration
System;

(t)reasonably cooperate with each Holder of Registrable Securities and each underwriter (or counterparty in an Alternative Transaction)
participating in the disposition of such Registrable Securities and their respective counsel in connection with any filings required to
be made by FINRA;

(u)in the case of a registration pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration, include
in such Registration Statement such additional information for marketing purposes as the managing underwriter or counterparty in an Alternative
Transaction reasonably requests (which information may be provided by means of a prospectus supplement if permitted by SEC Guidance);
and

(v)otherwise use its reasonable best efforts to take or cause to be taken all other actions necessary or reasonably advisable to effect
the registration, marketing and sale of such Registrable Securities contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 9.Participation in Registrations and Underwritten Offerings. No Person may participate in any registration pursuant to this
Agreement unless that Person completes and executes all questionnaires and other documents reasonably requested by the Company. No Person
may participate in any underwritten offering pursuant to this Agreement unless that Person (i) agrees to sell that Persons securities
on the basis provided in any underwriting 

18 

arrangements in customary form approved by the Persons
entitled under this Agreement to approve those arrangements and (ii) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney,
indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements. No
Holder of Registrable Securities included in any underwritten offering shall be required to make any representations or warranties
to the Company or the underwriters (other than representations and warranties regarding (A) that Holders ownership of its
Registrable Securities to be sold in the offering, (B) that Holders power and authority to effect the relevant Transfer and
(C) such matters pertaining to compliance with securities laws as may be reasonably requested by the managing underwriter(s)). In
addition, no Holder of Registrable Securities included in an underwritten offering will be required to undertake any indemnification
obligations to the Company or the underwriters, except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 12. Any liability of any
Holder under an underwriting agreement entered into pursuant to this Section 9 shall be limited to liability arising from the
breach of its representations and warranties contained in that underwriting agreement and shall be limited to an amount equal to the
net amount received by that Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement.

Section 10.Registration Expenses.

(a)Subject to Section 2(c), the Company shall pay directly or promptly reimburse all costs, fees and expenses (other than
Selling Expenses) incident to the Companys performance of or compliance with this Agreement, including, (i) all SEC, Financial
Industry Regulation Authority and other registration and filing fees; (ii) all fees and expenses associated with filings to be made with,
or the listing of any Registrable Securities on, any securities exchange or over-the-counter trading market on which the Registrable
Securities are to be listed or quoted; (iii) all fees and expenses of complying with securities and blue sky laws (including fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with complying with securities and blue sky laws); (iv) all printing, messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses (including the cost of distributing Prospectuses in preliminary and final form as well as any supplements
to the Prospectuses); (v) all fees and expenses incurred in connection with any road show for underwritten offerings, including
all costs of travel, lodging and meals; (vi) all transfer agents and registrars fees; (vii) all fees and expenses of counsel
to the Company; (viii) all fees and expenses of the Companys independent public accountants (including any fees and expenses arising
from any special audits or comfort letters) and any other Persons retained by the Company in connection with or incident
to any registration of Registrable Securities pursuant to this Agreement; and (ix) all fees and expenses of underwriters (other than
Selling Expenses) customarily paid by the issuers or sellers of securities (all such costs, fees and expenses, Registration
Expenses). In connection with each registration initiated pursuant to this Agreement (whether a Demand Registration or a Piggyback
Registration), the Company shall reimburse the Holders covered by such registration for the reasonable fees and disbursements of one
law firm chosen by a majority of the number of shares of Registrable Securities included in the Demand Registration Request, in the event
of a Demand Registration, and, in the case of a Piggyback Registration, the Holders of a majority of the number of shares of Registrable
Securities included in such registration. Each Holder shall pay the fees and expenses of any additional counsel engaged by that Holder
and shall bear its respective Selling Expenses associated with a registered sale of its Registrable Securities pursuant to this Agreement.

19 

(b)The obligation of the Company to bear and pay the Registration Expenses shall apply irrespective of whether a registration, once
properly demanded or requested, becomes effective or is withdrawn or suspended. Notwithstanding the previous
sentence, the Registration Expenses for any Registration Statement withdrawn solely at the request of one or more Holder(s) (unless withdrawn
following commencement of a Suspension) shall be borne by such Holder(s) in accordance with Section 2(c).

Section 11.Indemnification; Contribution.

(a)The Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder of Registrable Securities, any
Person who is or might be deemed to be a controlling person of the Company or any of its subsidiaries within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each such Person, a Controlling Person), their
respective direct and indirect general and limited partners, advisory board members, directors, officers, trustees, managers, members,
employees, agents, Affiliates and shareholders, and each other Person, if any, who acts on behalf of or controls any such Holder or Controlling
Person (each of the foregoing, a Covered Person) against any losses, claims, actions, damages, liabilities and expenses,
joint or several, to which such Covered Person may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state blue sky securities
laws, any equivalent non-U.S. securities laws or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, actions, damages, liabilities or expenses
arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in or incorporated by reference
in any Registration Statement, Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus, free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act or any successor rule to Rule 405) or any amendment or supplement to or any document incorporated by reference in the same, (ii) any
omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated in any such Registration Statement, Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus
or free writing prospectus or necessary to make the statements made in the same not misleading or (iii) any violation or alleged violation
by the Company of the Securities Act or any other similar federal or state securities laws or any rule or regulation promulgated under
such federal or state securities laws applicable to the Company and relating to any action or inaction required of the Company in connection
with any registration of securities. In addition, the Company shall reimburse each Covered Person for any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by such Covered Person in connection with investigating, defending or settling any such loss, claim, action, damage or liability.
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Company shall not be so liable in any such case to the extent that any loss, claim, action,
damage, liability or expense arises out of or is based upon any such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement, or omission or alleged
omission, made or incorporated by reference in any such Registration Statement, Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus, free writing prospectus
or any amendment or supplement to or any document incorporated by reference in the same in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written
information prepared and furnished to the Company by such Covered Person expressly for use in such Registration Statement, Prospectus,
preliminary Prospectus or free writing prospectus. This indemnity shall be in addition to any liability the Company may otherwise have.

(b)In connection with any registration in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, each such Holder shall furnish
to the Company in writing such information as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such 

20 

Registration Statement
or Prospectus. Each Holder shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors and officers,
employees, agents and any Person who is or might be deemed to be a Controlling Person against
any losses, claims, actions, damages, liabilities and expenses, joint or several, to which they or any of them may become subject under
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state blue sky securities laws, any equivalent non-U.S. securities laws or otherwise, insofar
as such losses, claims, actions, damages, liabilities or expenses arise out of or are based upon (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus, free writing prospectus (as defined in
Rule 405 under the Securities Act or any successor rule to Rule 405) or any amendment of or supplement to the same or (ii) any omission
or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated in such Registration Statement, Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus or free
writing prospectus or necessary to make the statements made in the same not misleading, but, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii),
only to the extent that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement, or omission or alleged omission, is made in such Registration
Statement, Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus, free writing prospectus or any amendment or supplement to the same in reliance upon, and
in conformity with, written information prepared and furnished to the Company by such Holder expressly for use in such Registration Statement,
Prospectus, preliminary Prospectus or free writing prospectus. In addition, such Holder shall reimburse the Company, its directors and
officers, employees, agents and any Person who is or might be deemed to be a Controlling Person for any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by them in connection with investigating, defending or settling any such loss, claim, action, damage or liability. The obligation
to indemnify pursuant to this Section 11(b) shall be individual and several, not joint and several, for each participating Holder
and shall be proportional to and shall not exceed an amount equal to the net proceeds (after deducting Selling Expenses) actually received
by such Holder in the sale of Registrable Securities to which such Registration Statement or Prospectus relates. The indemnity agreement
contained in this Section 11(b) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability, action
or proceeding if such settlement is effected without the consent of such Holder. The Company and the Holders of the Registrable Securities
hereby acknowledge and agree that, unless otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by such Holders, the only information furnished or
to be furnished to the Company for use in any Registration Statement or Prospectus relating to the Registrable Securities or in any amendment,
supplement or preliminary materials associated with the same are statements specifically relating to (a) the beneficial ownership of shares
of Common Stock by such Holder and its Affiliates, (b) the name and address of such Holder and (c) any additional information about such
Holder or the plan of distribution (other than for an underwritten offering) required by law or regulation to be disclosed in any such
document. This indemnity shall be in addition to any liability which such Holder may otherwise have.

(c)Any Person entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement shall give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of
any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, any failure or delay to so notify the
indemnifying party shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent that the indemnifying
party is actually and materially prejudiced by reason of such failure or delay. In case a claim or an action that is subject or potentially
subject to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement is brought against an indemnified party, the indemnifying party shall be entitled
to participate in and shall have the right, exercisable by 

21 

giving written notice to the indemnified party as promptly as
practicable after receipt of written notice from such indemnified party of such claim or action, to assume, at the indemnifying
partys expense, the defense of any such claim or action, with counsel reasonably acceptable to the indemnified party.
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, any indemnified party shall continue to be entitled to participate in the defense of such
claim or action, with counsel of its own choice, but the indemnifying party shall not be obligated to reimburse the indemnified
party for any fees, costs and expenses subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with such defense unless (A) the
indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees, costs and expenses, (B) the indemnifying party has failed to assume the
defense of such claim or action within a reasonable time after receipt of notice of such claim or action, (C) having assumed the
defense of such claim or action, the indemnifying party fails to employ counsel reasonably acceptable to the indemnified party or to
pursue the defense of such claim or action in a reasonably vigorous manner, (D) the use of counsel chosen by the indemnifying party
to represent the indemnified party would present such counsel with a conflict of interest or (E) the indemnified party has
reasonably concluded that there may be one or more legal or equitable defenses available to it and/or other any other indemnified
party which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party. Subject to the foregoing sentence, no
indemnifying party shall, in connection with any one claim or action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the
same jurisdiction arising out of the same general circumstances or allegations, be liable for the fees, costs and expenses of more
than one firm of attorneys (in addition to any local counsel) for all indemnified parties. The indemnifying party shall not have the
right to settle a claim or action for which any indemnified party is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement without
the consent of the indemnified party, The indemnifying party shall not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into or agree
to any settlement relating to such claim or action unless such judgment or settlement does not impose any admission of wrongdoing or
ongoing obligations on any indemnified party and includes as an unconditional term of such judgment or settlement the giving by the
claimant or plaintiff in such judgment or settlement to such indemnified party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
such indemnified party, of a full and final release from all liability in respect of such claim or action. The indemnifying party
shall not be liable under this Agreement for any amount paid or payable or incurred pursuant to or in connection with any judgment
entered or settlement effected with the consent of an indemnified party unless the indemnifying party has also consented to such
judgment or settlement (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

(d)If the indemnification provided for in this Section 11 is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to,
or unenforceable by, an indemnified party in respect of any loss, claim, action, damage, liability or expense referred to in this Section
11, then the applicable indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party under this Agreement, shall contribute
to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, action, damage, liability or expense in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the indemnified party and the indemnifying party. If the allocation
provided by the preceding sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the indemnifying party shall contribute to such amount in such
proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the preceding sentence but also the relative fault
of the indemnified party and the indemnifying party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the
indemnifying party, on the one hand, and of the indemnified party, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other
things, 

22 

whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact
relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party, whether the violation of the Securities Act
or any other federal or state securities law or rule or regulation promulgated under such federal or state securities law applicable to
the Company, and, relating to any action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any registration of securities, whether
such action or inaction was perpetrated by the indemnifying party or the indemnified party. The relative fault shall also be determined
by reference to the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement,
omission or violation. The parties agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Agreement were determined
by pro rata allocation or by any other method or allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in
this Section 11(d). In no event shall the amount which a Holder of Registrable Securities may be obligated to contribute pursuant
to this Section 11(d) exceed an amount equal to the net proceeds (after deducting Selling Expenses) actually received by such Holder
in the sale of Registrable Securities that gives rise to such obligation to contribute. No indemnified party guilty or liable of fraudulent
misrepresentation within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

(e)The provisions of this Section 11 shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf
of any indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the Transfer of any
Registrable Securities by any Holder.

Section 12.Rule 144 Compliance and Other Transaction.

(a)With a view to making available to the Holders of Registrable Securities the benefits of Rule 144 and any other rule or regulation
of the SEC that may at any time permit a Holder to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration, the Company shall:

(i)make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

(ii)use reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; and

(iii)furnish to any Holder of Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, a written statement by the Company as to its compliance
with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 and of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

(b)If requested by any Holder in connection with any transaction involving any Registrable Securities (including any sale or other
transfer of such securities without registration under the Securities Act, any margin loan with respect to such securities and any pledge
of such securities), the Company agrees to provide such Golder with customary and assistance to facilitate such transaction or similar
transaction, including, without limitation, (i) such action as such Holder may reasonably request from time to time to enable such
Holder to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the
Securities Act and (ii) entering into an issuers agreement in connection with any margin loan with respect to
such securities in customary form.

23 

(c)If any Holder (and/or any of its Affiliates) seeks to effectuate an in-kind distribution of all or part of their Registrable Securities
to their respective direct or indirect equityholders, the Company will, subject to any applicable lock-ups, work with the foregoing Persons
to facilitate such in-kind distribution in the manner reasonably requested and consistent with the Companys obligations under the
Securities Act.

(d)The Company shall not grant any shelf, demand, piggyback or incidental registration rights that are senior to or inconsistent with
the rights granted to the Holders hereunder to any other Person without the prior written consent of the Holders.

Section 13.Miscellaneous.

(a)No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company represents and warrants that it has not entered into, and agrees that it will not
enter into, any agreement with respect to its securities that violates or subordinates or is otherwise inconsistent with the rights granted
to the Holders of Registrable Securities under this Agreement.

(b)Adjustments Affecting Registrable Securities. The Company shall not take any action, or permit any change to occur, with
respect to its Equity Securities which would materially and adversely affect the ability of the Holders of Registrable Securities to include
such Registrable Securities in a registration undertaken pursuant to this Agreement or which would materially and adversely affect the
marketability of such Registrable Securities in any such registration (including effecting a stock split or a combination of shares that
would reasonably be expected to have such an effect).

(c)Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and transferees. Other than with respect to Transfers of Equity Securities
to Permitted Transferees, neither this Agreement nor any right, benefit, remedy, obligation or liability arising under this Agreement
may be assigned by any party without the prior written consent of the other parties, and any attempted assignment without such consent
shall be null and void and of no effect, except that the Company may assign this Agreement at any time in connection with a sale or acquisition
of the Company, whether by merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, or similar transaction,
without the consent of the Holders, so long as the successor or acquiring Person agrees in writing to assume all of the Companys
rights and obligations under this Agreement. The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, (x) enter into any merger, consolidation,
recapitalization, combination of shares or other reorganization in which the Company shall not be the surviving corporation or (y) transfer
or agree to transfer all or substantially all the Companys assets, unless prior to such merger, consolidation, reorganization or
asset transfer, the surviving corporation or the transferee, as applicable, shall have agreed in writing to assume the obligations of
the Company under this Agreement, and for that purpose references hereunder to Registrable Securities shall be deemed to
include the securities which the Holders would be entitled to receive in exchange for Registrable Securities, pursuant to any such merger, consolidation,
reorganization or asset transfer.

24 

(d)No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties and their respective successors and
permitted assigns and transferees and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person
any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the previous
sentence, the parties acknowledge that the Persons set forth in Section 11 shall be express third-party beneficiaries of the obligations
of the parties set forth in Section 11.

(e)Remedies; Specific Performance. In the event of a breach or a threatened breach by any party to this Agreement of its obligations
under this Agreement, any party injured or to be injured by such breach shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under
this Agreement or to injunctive relief, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided in this Agreement and granted by
law, it being agreed by the parties that the remedy at law, including monetary damages, for breach of any such provision will be inadequate
compensation for any loss and that any defense or objection in any action for specific performance or injunctive relief for which a remedy
at law would be adequate is hereby waived.

(f)No Waivers. No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate
as a waiver of such right, power or privilege nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power or privilege preclude any
other or further exercise of the same or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

(g)Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that
would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York.

(h)Jurisdiction and Venue. The parties irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York or, in
the event (but only in the event) that such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction over such action or proceeding, in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this
Agreement and of the documents referred to in this Agreement, and in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby, and hereby waive,
and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement or of
any such document, that it is not subject to such jurisdiction or that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable
in the courts of the State of New York, or in the event (but only in the event) that such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction
over such action or proceeding, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, or that this Agreement or any
such document may not be enforced in or by such courts, and the parties irrevocably agree that all claims with respect to such action
or proceeding shall be heard and determined in the courts of the State of New York, or in the event (but only in the event) that such
court does not have subject matter jurisdiction over such action or proceeding, in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York. The parties hereby consent to and grant the courts of the State of New York, or in the event (but only in the event)

25 

that such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction over such
action or proceeding, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, jurisdiction over the person of such parties
and, to the extent permitted by law, over the subject matter of such dispute and agree that mailing of process or other papers in connection
with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in Section 13(i) or in such other manner as may be permitted by law shall
be valid and sufficient service of process. EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(i)Notices. Any notice, demand, request, waiver, or other communication under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been duly given on the date of service, if personally served or sent by facsimile; on the business day after such communication
is delivered to a courier or mailed by express mail, if sent by courier delivery service or express mail for next day delivery; and on
the third day after mailing, if mailed to the party to whom notice is to be given by first class mail, registered, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid and addressed as follows:

If to the Company:

Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

445 Park Avenue, Suite 5B

New York, NY 10022

Attention: Thomas R. Knott

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019

Attention: John C. Kennedy

Timothy Cruickshank

If to Resolute Compo Holdings:

c/o Resolute Compo Holdings LLC

445 Park Avenue, Suite 5B

New York, NY 10022

Attention: David M. Cote

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019

Attention: John C. Kennedy

Timothy Cruickshank

26 

If to any other Holder, to such address as is designated by such
Holder in the counterpart to this Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A.

(j)Headings. The headings and other captions in this Agreement are for convenience and reference only and shall not constitute
a part of this Agreement, nor shall they affect its meaning, construction or effect.

(k)Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
instrument (including signatures delivered via facsimile or electronic mail) and all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. The parties may deliver this Agreement by facsimile or by electronic mail and each party shall be permitted to rely upon the
signatures so transmitted to the same extent and effect as if they were original signatures.

(l)Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
Agreement and supersedes and replaces all other prior agreements, written or oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter
of this Agreement.

(m)Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long as the economic or legal substance
of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such a determination, the
parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible
in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent
possible.

(n)Amendments. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or
supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions of this Agreement may not be given, without the prior written
consent of the Company and each Holder affected thereby.

(o)Further Assurances. Each party to this Agreement shall cooperate and take such action as may be reasonably requested by
another party to this Agreement in order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby.

(p)Termination. This Agreement shall terminate with respect to any Holder upon such time as such Holder ceases to hold or beneficially
own any Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the provisions of Sections 9, 11 and this Section
13 shall survive termination.

[Signature Page Follows]

27 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Agreement
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date and year first above written.

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT, INC. 

By: /s/ Thomas R. Knott 

Name: Thomas R. Knott 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

RESOLUTE COMPO HOLDINGS LLC 

By: Tungsten 2024, LLC, its managing member 

By: /s/ John D. Cote 

Name: John D. Cote 

Title: Manager 

[Signature page to Registration Rights Agreement]

Exhibit A

Form of Counterpart

[NAME OF TRANSFEREE OR OTHER HOLDER] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address for Notices: 

Attention:

Phone:

Facsimile:

E-Mail: 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Attention:

Phone:

Facsimile:

E-Mail:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>eh250596666_ex1003.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.3

U.S. State and Local
Tax Sharing Agreement

This U.S. STATE AND LOCAL TAX SHARING
AGREEMENT, dated as of February 28, 2025 (this Agreement) is entered into by and between CompoSecure, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (Parent), and Resolute Holdings Management, Inc., (SpinCo), a Delaware corporation
(SpinCo, and together with Parent, the Companies, and each a Company).
Each of Parent and SpinCo is sometimes referred to herein as a Party and, collectively, the Parties.

Recitals

WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain
Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between the Parties, dated as of February 28, 2025 (the Separation and Distribution
Agreement), Parent intends to distribute 100 percent of the stock of SpinCo to its shareholders on a pro rata basis (the Spin-Off);

WHEREAS, after the Spin-Off, Parent,
and its affiliates, on the one hand, and SpinCo, and its affiliates, on the other hand, may be required to file certain Combined US State
and Local Tax Returns (as defined below); and

WHEREAS, Parent, and its affiliates,
on the one hand, and SpinCo and its affiliates, on the other hand, wish to allocate Tax assets and liabilities between themselves for
taxable periods ending after the Closing Date (defined below).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the foregoing and the terms, conditions, covenants and provisions of this Agreement, each of the Parties mutually covenants and agrees
as follows:

Section 1. Definitions.

For purposes of this Agreement (including
the recitals hereof), the following terms have the following meanings:

Affiliate means
any entity that is directly or indirectly Controlled by either the person in question or an Affiliate of such person; provided, that neither
Parent nor SpinCo shall be considered an Affiliate of the other. As used in this paragraph, Control means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through ownership
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise;

Apportionment Factor
means a ratio determined by a relevant taxing jurisdictions apportionment formula, including where applicable, sales, property
and payroll tax factors.

Benefited Party shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.04(c) of this Agreement;

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed;

Claiming Company shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.04(a) of this Agreement;

Closing means the completion of the Spin-Off
pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement (as amended and restated from time to time);

Closing Date means the date on which
Closing takes place; Code means the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;

Combined US State and Local Tax
Returns means a Tax Return which (i) relates to any arrangement (whether in place by reason of law, agreement or otherwise)
with any Tax Authority in relation to US state Taxes (or any Taxes of any political subdivision thereof), (ii) relates to both the business
of one or more members of the Parent Group and the business of one or more members of the SpinCo Group and (iii) uses a unitary combined
apportionment methodology;

Controlling Company shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(a) of this Agreement;

1 

Dispute shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 10.01 of this Agreement;

Due Date means the date (taking into account
all valid extensions) upon which a Tax Return is required to be filed with or Taxes are required to be paid to a Tax Authority, whichever
is applicable;

Final Determination
means the final resolution of liability for any Tax, which resolution may be for a specific issue or adjustment or for a taxable period,
(a) by a form comparable to IRS Form 870 or 870- AD (or any successor forms thereto), on the date of acceptance by or on behalf of the
taxpayer, under the laws of a State (or political subdivision thereof), except that a form shall not constitute a Final Determination
to the extent that it reserves (whether by its terms or by operation of law) the right of the taxpayer to file a claim for refund or the
right of the Tax Authority to assert a further deficiency in respect of such issue or adjustment or for such taxable period (as the case
may be); (b) by a decision, judgment, decree, or other order by a court of competent jurisdiction, which has become final and unappealable;

(c) by a closing agreement or accepted
offer in compromise under the laws of a State (or political subdivision thereof) comparable to Sections 7121 or 7122 of the Code; (d)
by any allowance of a refund or credit in respect of an overpayment of Tax, but only after the expiration of all periods during which
such refund may be recovered (including by way of offset) by the jurisdiction imposing such Tax; or (e) by any other final disposition,
including by reason of the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations or by mutual agreement of the Parties;

Group means the Parent Group or the
SpinCo Group, or both, as the context requires;

Indemnitee shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 9 of this Agreement;

Indemnitor shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 9 of this Agreement;

Non-Controlling Company shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(b) of this Agreement;

Parent has the meaning
set forth in the first sentence of this Agreement;

Parent Business
means all of the businesses and operations conducted by the Parent Group, excluding the SpinCo Business, at any time, whether prior to
or after the Spin-Off;

Parent Group means
Parent and its Affiliates, excluding any entity that is a member of the SpinCo Group;

Payor shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4.02(a) of this Agreement;

Person means an
individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture,
an unincorporated organization or a governmental entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof, without regard to
whether any entity is treated as disregarded for US federal income tax purposes;

Post-Closing Tax Benefits
means Tax Benefits attributable to any Tax period beginning after the Closing Date, and, in the case of any Straddle Period, the portion
of such Straddle Period beginning the day after the Closing Date;

Post-Closing Taxes
means Taxes attributable to any Tax period beginning after the Closing Date, and, in the case of any Straddle Period, the portion of such
Straddle Period beginning the day after the Closing Date;

Preliminary Tax Advisor
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.02 of this Agreement;

Refunds means
any refund (or credit in lieu thereof) of Taxes (including any overpayment of Taxes) that can be refunded or, alternatively, applied to
other Taxes payable, including any interest paid on or with respect to such refund of Taxes;

Relevant Presence Ratio
means, with respect to each Group, a fraction determined by dividing the sum of the Apportionment Factor numerators of the each entity
in such Group with nexus in the jurisdiction (in states employing a Finnigan apportionment methodology, also including the
nexus entitys share of Apportionment Factor numerators from non-nexus members of the applicable Group as determined using the ratio
of the nexus entitys Apportionment Factor numerator over the aggregate

2 

of the Apportionment Factor numerators of all
nexus entitys in such Group) by the unitary business groups combined Apportionment Factor denominator. For the avoidance
of doubt, the operations and assets of a member of the Parent Group or the SpinCo Group will be taken into account for this purpose only
to the extent the member is a member of the relevant consolidated, combined, unitary or similar Tax group.

Required Company shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 4.02(a) of this Agreement;

Responsible Company
means the Company having responsibility for preparing and filing the relevant Combined US State and Local Tax Return pursuant to Section
3.02;

SpinCo has the
meaning set forth in the first sentence of this Agreement;

SpinCo Business
means the business and operations conducted by the SpinCo Group as such business and operations will continue after the Spin-Off; and

SpinCo Group means
SpinCo and its Affiliates, as determined after the Spin-Off.

Straddle Period
means any period relevant for Taxes commencing on or before the Closing Date but ending after the Closing Date;

State means any
state of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any territory of the United States;

Taxes means any
income, gross income, gross receipts, profits, capital stock, franchise, withholding, payroll, social security, workers compensation,
unemployment, disability, property, ad valorem, stamp, excise, severance, occupation, service, sales, use, license, lease, transfer, import,
export, value added, escheat or unclaimed property liability, alternative minimum, estimated or other tax (including any fee, assessment,
or other charge in the nature of or in lieu of any tax) imposed by any State or political subdivision thereof, and any interest, penalties,
additions to tax, or additional amounts in respect of the foregoing;

Tax Advisor means
a tax counsel or accountant of recognized standing in the relevant jurisdiction;

Tax Authority means,
with respect to any Tax, the State or political subdivision thereof that imposes such Tax and the agency (if any) charged with the collection
of such Tax for such State or subdivision;

Tax Benefit means a
Tax Item that decreases the Tax liability of a taxpayer;

Tax Contest means
an audit, review, examination, or any other administrative or judicial proceeding with the purpose or effect of redetermining Taxes (including
any administrative or judicial review of any claim for refund);

Tax Item means
any item of income, gain, loss, deduction, expense, or credit, or other attribute that may have the effect of increasing or decreasing
any Tax;

Tax Records means
any Tax Returns, Tax Return work papers, documentation relating to any Tax Contests, and any other books of account or records (whether
or not in written, electronic or other tangible or intangible forms and whether or not stored on electronic or any other medium) required
to be maintained under applicable Tax laws or under any record retention agreement with any Tax Authority;

Tax Return means
any and all reports, returns, declaration forms and statements (including amendments thereto) filed or required to be filed with respect
to Taxes, and any attachments thereto;

Section 2. Allocation of
Tax Liabilities.

Section 2.01 General Rule.

(a) SpinCo shall be liable for, and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Parent Group against, (i) the
Post-Closing Taxes attributable to the SpinCo Business (as determined pursuant to Section 2.02) that the Parent Group pays or is required
to pay to the relevant

3 

Tax Authority as a result of one or more members of the SpinCo
Group being or having been included in any affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or similar Tax group with one or more members of
the Parent Group and (ii) the Tax Benefits attributable to the Parent Business that the SpinCo Group is treated as using in accordance
with Section 2.03(a).

(b) Parent shall be liable for, and shall indemnify and hold harmless the SpinCo Group against, (i) any
Taxes attributable to the Parent Business (as determined pursuant to Section 2.02) that the SpinCo Group pays or is required to pay to
the relevant Tax Authority as a result of one or more members of the Parent Group being or having been included in any affiliated, consolidated,
combined, unitary or similar Tax group with one or more members of the SpinCo Group and (ii) the Tax Benefits attributable to the SpinCo
Business that the Parent Group is treated as using in accordance with Section 2.03(b).

Section 2.02 Attribution of Taxes and Tax Items.

(a) General. For purposes of this Agreement, each Tax and any Tax Items shall be apportioned between
the Parent Business on the one hand and the SpinCo Business on the other (but not both) in proportion to each such Groups Relative
Presence Ratio in the applicable jurisdiction.

(b) Straddle Period Tax Allocation. The allocation of income or deductions required to determine
any Taxes or other amounts attributable to the portion of the Straddle Period ending on, or beginning after, the Closing Date shall be
made by means of a closing of the books and records as of the close of the Closing Date; provided that exemptions, allowances or deductions
that are calculated on an annual or periodic basis shall be allocated between such portions in proportion to the number of days in each
such portion; provided, further, that real property and other property or similar periodic Taxes shall be apportioned on a per diem basis.

Section 2.03 Use of Tax Benefits.

(a) Use of Parent Tax Benefits. The SpinCo Group shall be treated as using Tax Benefits attributable
to the Parent Business (as determined pursuant to Section 2.02) to the extent that Tax Benefits attributable to Parent Business reduce
(i) Post-Closing Taxes attributable to, and payable by, SpinCo (or its Affiliates), computed on a with and without basis
or (ii) Taxes payable by Parent (or its Affiliates) for which SpinCo would be liable pursuant to clause (i) of Section 2.01(a), computed
on a with and without basis.

(b) Use of SpinCo Tax Benefits. The Parent Group shall be treated as using Tax Benefits attributable
to the SpinCo Business (as determined pursuant to Section 2.02) to the extent that Post-Closing Tax Benefits attributable to the SpinCo
Business reduce (i) Taxes payable by Parent (or its Affiliates), computed on a with and without basis or (ii) Taxes payable
by SpinCo (or its Affiliates) for which Parent would be liable pursuant to clause (i) of Section 2.01(b), computed on a with and
without basis.

Section 3. Preparation and Filing of Combined US State and
Local Tax Returns.

Section 3.01 General. Combined US State and Local
Tax Returns shall be prepared and filed when due (including extensions) in accordance with this Section 3. The Companies shall provide,
and shall cause their Affiliates to provide, assistance and cooperation to one another in accordance with Section 5 with respect to the
preparation and filing of such Tax Returns, including providing information required to be provided in Section 5. Each year the Parties
shall assess whether the filing of any Combined US State and Local Tax Returns is required in one or more jurisdictions based on information
available to them with respect to the overlapping ownership thereof with respect to all or a portion of the prior taxable year. The Parties
shall cooperate in good faith to make such determination as soon as reasonably practicable so as to allow each Party sufficient time to prepare Combined US
State and Local Tax Returns on such basis.

4 

Section 3.02 Responsibility for Preparation and Filing and
Payment of Taxes Shown Due.

(a) Parent shall prepare and file (or cause to be prepared and filed) any Combined
US State and Local Tax Returns for any Tax Period ending after the Closing Date (a Post-Closing Tax Period) that
is required by law to be filed by a member of the Parent Group.

(b) SpinCo shall prepare and file (or cause to be prepared and filed) any Combined US State and Local Tax
Return for any Post-Closing Tax Period (i) that is required by law to be filed by any member of the SpinCo Group, or (ii) that is required
by law and where the applicable law would allow for either a member of the Parent Group or a member of the SpinCo Group to file that Combined
US State and Local Tax Return.

Section 3.03 Right to Review Combined US State and Local Tax
Returns.

(a) Except as otherwise agreed by the Companies, no later than fifteen (15) days prior to the Due Date of
each such Combined US State and Local Tax Return, the Responsible Company shall make available or cause to be made available drafts of
such Tax Return (together with all related work papers) to the other Company. The other Company shall have access to any and all data
and information necessary for the preparation of all such Tax Returns and the Companies shall cooperate fully in the preparation and review
of such Tax Returns. Subject to the preceding sentence, no later than ten (10) days after receipt of such Tax Returns, the other Company
shall have a right to object to such Tax Return (or items with respect thereto) by written notice to the Responsible Company; such written
notice shall contain such disputed item (or items) and the basis for its objection.

(b) If a Company does object by proper written notice described in Section 3.03(a), the Companies shall
act in good faith to resolve any such dispute as promptly as practicable; provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, if the Companies have not resolved the disputed item or items by the day five (5) days prior to the Due Date of such
Tax Return, such Tax Return shall be filed as prepared pursuant to this Section 3.03 (revised to reflect all initially disputed items
that the Companies have agreed upon prior to such date).

(c) In the event a Combined US State and Local Tax Return is filed that includes any disputed item for which
proper notice was given pursuant to Section 3.03(a) that was not finally resolved and agreed upon, such disputed item (or items) shall
be resolved in accordance with Section 10. In the event that the resolution of such disputed item (or items) in accordance with Section
10 with respect to a Tax Return is inconsistent with such Tax Return as filed, the Responsible Company (with cooperation from the other
Company) shall, as promptly as practicable, amend such Tax Return to properly reflect the final resolution of the disputed item (or items).
In the event that the amount of Taxes shown to be due and owing on a Tax Return is adjusted as a result of a resolution pursuant to Section
10, proper adjustment shall be made to the amounts previously paid or required to be paid in accordance with Section 4 in a manner that
reflects such resolution.

Section 3.04 Refunds

(a) Each Company (and its Affiliates) (the Claiming Company) shall
be entitled to Refunds that relate to Taxes for which it (or its Affiliates) is liable, or that are generated by Tax Benefits that are
attributable to it (or its affiliates), pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) To the extent a Company (or its Affiliates) applies or causes to be applied an overpayment of Taxes as
a credit toward or a reduction in Taxes otherwise payable (or a Tax Authority requires such application in lieu of a Refund) and such
Refund, if received, would have been

5 

payable by such Company to the Claiming Company pursuant to
this Section 3.04, such Company shall be deemed to have actually received a Refund to the extent thereof
on the Due Date of the Tax Return on which the overpayment is applied to reduce Taxes otherwise payable.

(c) In the event of an adjustment relating to Taxes pursuant to a Final Determination for which one Party
is responsible under this Agreement which would have given rise to a Refund but for an offset against the Taxes for which the other Party
is or may be responsible pursuant to this Agreement (the Benefited Party), then the Benefited Party shall pay to
the other Party, within ten (10) days of such offset an amount equal to the amount of such reduction in the Taxes of the Benefited Party.

(d) Any Refund or portion thereof to which a Claiming Company is entitled pursuant to this Section 3.04
that is received or deemed to have been received as described herein by the other Company (or its Affiliates) shall be paid by such other
Company to the Claiming Company within ten (10) days of the receipt or deemed receipt of such refund. Payments not made within the ten
(10) day period shall bear interest computed at the rate per annum equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate as published in The Wall
Street Journal from time to time on the amount of the payment based on the number of days in the period beginning on the commencement
of the ten (10) day period and ending on and including the date of payment.

(e) To the extent that the amount of any Refund is subsequently reduced, such reduction shall be allocated
to the Party that was entitled to the Refund pursuant to this Section 3.04 and an appropriate adjusting payment shall be made by such
Party to the other Party if the other Party originally paid the Refund to such Party. To the extent a Party does not agree with the amount
of any Refund calculated by the other Party, the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with Section 10.

Section 4. Tax Payments.

Section 4.01 Payment of Taxes.

(a) Computation and Payment of Tax Due. Prior to the Due Date for any Combined US State and Local
Tax Return, the Responsible Company shall compute the amount of Tax required to be paid to the applicable Tax Authority with respect to
such Tax Return on such Due Date. The Responsible Company shall pay such amount to such Tax Authority on or before the Due Date. Prior
to the Due Date or as soon as reasonably practicable following the Due Date, the Responsible Company shall provide notice to the other
Company setting forth such other Companys responsibility for the amount of Taxes to be paid or paid
to the Tax Authority and provide proof of payment of such Taxes.

(b) Payment of Liability with Respect to Tax Due. If the Responsible Company notifies the other Company
at least fifteen (15) days prior to the Due Date of the amount of any Taxes due to any Tax Authority and allocable to it under the provisions
of this Agreement, the other Company shall pay such amounts to the Responsible Company prior to the Due Date (or at the direction of the
Responsible Company, to the Tax Authority). If the Responsible Company notifies the other Company less than fifteen (15) days prior to
the Due Date of the amount of any Taxes due to any Tax Authority and allocable to it under the provisions of this Agreement, the other
Company shall pay such amounts to the Responsible Company within fifteen (15) days of the receipt of such notice.

(c) Payments for Tax Benefits. Within fifteen (15) days following the use by the Responsible Company
(or its Affiliates) of a Tax Benefit attributable to the other Company (or its Affiliates), if the SpinCo Group is treated as using a
Tax Benefit attributable to the Parent Group under the provisions of this Agreement, SpinCo shall pay to Parent an amount equal to the
amount

6 

such Tax Benefit, and if the Parent Group is treated
as using a Tax Benefit attributable to the SpinCo Group under the provisions of this Agreement, Parent shall pay to SpinCo an amount equal
to the amount of such Tax Benefit. For purposes of this Agreement, any such Tax Benefit shall be considered used as of the earlier of
(i) the Due Date of the Tax Return that is filed with respect to such Tax Benefit or (ii) the date on which such Tax Return is filed.
Within fifteen (15) days of the receipt of a notice from the Responsible Company that the other Company (or its Affiliates) has used a
Tax Benefit attributable to the Responsible Company (or its Affiliates), if the SpinCo Group is treated as using a Tax Benefit attributable
to the Parent Group under the provisions of this Agreement, SpinCo shall pay to Parent an amount equal to the amount such Tax Benefit,
and if the Parent Group is treated as using a Tax Benefit attributable to the SpinCo Group under the provisions of this Agreement, Parent
shall pay to SpinCo an amount equal to the amount of such Tax Benefit.

(d) Interest on Late Payments. Payments not made within the time periods specified set forth in
Sections 4.01(b) and (c) shall bear interest computed at the rate per annum equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate as published in
The Wall Street Journal from time to time on the amount of the payment based on the number of days in the period beginning the date such
payments were due to the other Company and ending on and including the date of payment.

(e) Subsequent Adjustments. In the case of any adjustment pursuant to a Final Determination with
respect to any such Tax Return, the Responsible Company shall pay to the applicable Tax Authority when due any additional Tax due with
respect to such Tax Return required to be paid as a result of such adjustment pursuant to such Final Determination. The Responsible Company
shall redetermine the amounts payable by Parent to SpinCo or by SpinCo to Parent, as the case may be, under this Agreement. If the Responsible
Company notifies the other Company at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date any additional Tax is due to such Tax Authority and allocable
to it under the provisions of this Agreement, the other Company shall pay such amounts to the Responsible Company prior to the date such
additional Tax is due (or at the direction of the Responsible Company, to the Tax Authority).

If the Responsible Company notifies the other Company
less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date any additional Tax is due to such Tax Authority and allocable to it under the
provisions of this Agreement, the other Company shall pay such amounts to the Responsible Company within fifteen (15) days of the
receipt of such notice. The Responsible Company shall pay to the other Company, or the other Company shall pay to the Responsible
Company, any other amounts due under the provisions of this Agreement within fifteen (15) days from the later of (i) the date the
additional Tax was due, (ii) the date of the Final Determination (if no cash payment was paid), or (iii) in the case of an amount
payable by the other Company to the Responsible Company, the date of receipt of written notice and demand from the Responsible
Company of the amount due. Any payments required under this Section 4.01(e) shall include interest computed at the rate per annum
equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate as published in The Wall Street Journal from time to time based on the number of days in
the period beginning the date such payments were due to the other Company under this Section 4.01(e) and ending on and including the
date of payment.

(f) Disputes. To the extent a Party does not agree with any amount calculated pursuant to this Section
4.01, the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with Section 10

Section 4.02 Indemnification Payments.

(a) If any Company (the Payor) is required under applicable Tax law to pay to a Tax
Authority a Tax that another Company (the Required Company) is liable for under this Agreement, the Payor shall provide
notice to the Required Company for the amount due, accompanied by evidence of payment and a statement detailing the Taxes paid and describing
in reasonable detail the particulars relating thereto. Such Required Company shall have a period of thirty (30) days after the receipt of notice to respond thereto. Unless
the Required Company disputes the amount it is liable for under this Agreement, the Required Company shall reimburse the Payor within
forty-five (45) Business Days of delivery by the Payor of the notice

7 

described above. To the extent the Required Company does not
agree with the amount the Payor claims the Required Company is liable for under this Agreement, the dispute shall be resolved in accordance
with Section 10. Any reimbursement shall include interest on the Tax payment computed at the rate per annum equal to the Wall Street
Journal Prime Rate as published in The Wall Street Journal from time to time based on the number of days in the period beginning the
date such payments were due to the other Company under this Section 4.02 and ending on and including the date of payment .

(b) All indemnification payments under this Agreement shall be made by Parent directly to SpinCo and by
SpinCo directly to Parent; provided, however, that if the Companies mutually agree with respect to any such indemnification payment, any
member of the Parent Group, on the one hand, may make such indemnification payment to any member of the SpinCo Group, on the other hand,
and vice versa.

Section 5. Cooperation and Reliance.

Section 5.01 Assistance and Cooperation.

(a) The Companies shall cooperate (and cause their respective Affiliates to cooperate) with each other and
with each others agents, including accounting firms and legal counsel, in connection with Tax matters relating to the Companies
and their Affiliates including (i) preparation and filing of any Combined US State and Local Tax Returns and the determination of whether
filing of such returns on a combined basis is required, (ii) determining the liability for and amount of any Taxes due (including estimated
Taxes) or the right to and amount of any refund of Taxes, (iii) examinations of such Tax Returns, and (iv) any administrative or judicial
proceeding in respect of Taxes assessed or proposed to be assessed with respect to such Tax Returns. Such cooperation shall include making
all information and documents in their possession relating to the other Company and its Affiliates available to such other Company as
provided in Section 6. Each of the Companies shall also make available to the other, as reasonably requested and available, personnel
(including officers, directors, employees and agents of the Companies or their respective Affiliates) responsible for preparing, maintaining,
and interpreting information and documents relevant to Taxes shown on such Tax Returns, and personnel reasonably required as witnesses
or for purposes of providing information or documents in connection with any administrative or judicial proceedings relating to such Taxes.

(b) Any information or documents provided under this Section 5 shall be kept confidential by the Company
receiving the information or documents, except as may otherwise be necessary in connection with the filing of such Tax Returns or in connection
with any administrative or judicial proceedings relating to such Taxes. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other
agreement, (i) neither Company nor any Affiliate shall be required to provide the other Company or any Affiliate or any other Person access
to or copies of any information or procedures (including the proceedings of any Tax Contest) other than information or procedures that
relate solely to the first Company, the business or assets of the first Company or any of its Affiliates and (ii) in no event shall any
Company or its Affiliates be required to provide the other Company, any of the other Companys Affiliates or any other Person access
to or copies of any information if such action could reasonably be expected to result in the waiver of any privilege. In addition, in
the event that a Company determines that the provision of any information to the other Company or an Affiliate of the other Company could
be commercially detrimental, violate any law or agreement or waive any privilege, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to permit
compliance with its obligations under this Section 5 in a manner that avoids any such harm or consequence.

Section 5.02 Combined US State and Local Tax Return Information.
Parent and SpinCo acknowledge that time is of the essence in relation to any request for information, assistance or cooperation made by
Parent or SpinCo pursuant to Section 5.01 or this Section 5.02. Each Company shall provide to the other Company information and documents
relating to its Group required by the

8 

other Company to prepare any Combined US State and Local Tax Returns.
Any information or documents the Responsible Company requires to prepare such Tax Returns shall be provided in such form as the Responsible
Company reasonably requests and in sufficient time for the Responsible Company to file such Tax Returns on a timely basis.

Section 5.03 Non-Performance. If a Company (or any
of its Affiliates) fails to comply with any of its obligations set forth in this Section 5 upon reasonable request and notice by the other
Company (or any of its Affiliates) and such failure results in the imposition of additional Taxes, the non-performing Company shall be
liable in full for such additional Taxes.

Section 5.04 Costs. Each Company shall devote
the personnel and resources necessary in order to carry out this Section 5 and shall make its employees available on a mutually convenient
basis to provide explanations of any documents or information provided hereunder. Each Company shall carry out its responsibilities under
this Section 5 at its own cost and expense.

Section 6. Tax Records.

The Companies and their respective Affiliates shall make
available to each other for inspection and copying during normal business hours upon reasonable notice all Tax Records (and, for the avoidance
of doubt, any pertinent underlying data accessed or stored on any computer program or information technology system) in their possession
and shall permit the other Company and its Affiliates, authorized agents and representatives and any representative of a Tax Authority
or other Tax auditor direct access during normal business hours upon reasonable notice to any computer program or information technology
system used to access or store any Tax Records, in each case to the extent reasonably required by the other Company in connection with
the preparation of any Combined US State and Local Tax Return or financial accounting statements, audits, litigation, or the resolution
of items under this Agreement. To the extent any Tax Records are required to be or are otherwise transferred by the Companies or their
respective Affiliates to any person other than an Affiliate, the Company or its respective Affiliate shall transfer such records to the
other Company at such time.

Section 7. Tax Contests.

Section 7.01 Notice. Each of the Companies shall
provide prompt notice to the other Company of any written communication from a Tax Authority regarding any pending or threatened Tax audit,
assessment or proceeding or other Tax Contest of which it becomes aware related to Taxes for which it is indemnified by the other Company
hereunder. Such notice shall attach copies of the pertinent portion of any written communication from a Tax Authority and contain factual
information (to the extent known) describing any asserted Tax liability in reasonable detail and shall be accompanied by copies of any
notice and other documents received from any Tax Authority in respect of any such matters. If an indemnified Company has knowledge of
an asserted Tax liability with respect to a matter for which it is entitled to indemnification hereunder and such Company fails to give
the indemnifying Company prompt notice of such asserted Tax liability and the indemnifying Company is entitled under this Agreement to
contest the asserted Tax liability, then (i) if the indemnifying Company is precluded from contesting the asserted Tax liability in any
forum as a result of the failure to give prompt notice, the indemnifying Company shall have no obligation to indemnify the indemnified
Company for such Tax liability or any other Taxes arising from such failure, and (ii) if the indemnifying Company is not precluded from
contesting the asserted Tax liability in any forum, but such failure to give prompt notice results in a material monetary detriment to
the indemnifying Company, then any amount which the indemnifying Company is otherwise required to pay the indemnified Company pursuant
to this Agreement shall be reduced by the amount of such detriment.

Section 7.02 Control of Tax Contests.

(a) Controlling Company. In the case of any Tax Contest with respect to any Combined US State and
Local Tax Return, the Company that would be primarily liable under this Agreement to pay the applicable Tax Authority the Taxes resulting
from such Tax Contest shall administer and control such Tax Contest (the Controlling Company).

9 

(b) Settlement Rights. The Controlling Company must obtain the prior consent (not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed) of the other non-controlling Company (the Non-Controlling Company) prior to contesting,
litigating, compromising or settling any Tax Contest related to an adjustment which the Non-Controlling Company may reasonably be expected
to become liable to make any indemnification payment under this Agreement. Unless waived by the Companies in writing, in connection with
any potential adjustment in a Tax Contest as a result of which adjustment the Non-Controlling Company may reasonably be expected to become
liable to make any indemnification payment under this Agreement to the Controlling Company under this Agreement: (i) the Controlling Company
shall keep the Non-Controlling Company informed in a timely manner of all actions taken or proposed to be taken by the Controlling Company
with respect to such potential adjustment in such Tax Contest; (ii) the Controlling Company shall provide the Non-Controlling Company
copies of any written materials relating to such potential adjustment in such Tax Contest received from any Tax Authority; (iii) the Controlling
Company shall timely provide the Non-Controlling Company with copies of any correspondence or filings submitted to any Tax Authority or
judicial authority in connection with such potential adjustment in such Tax Contest; (iv) the Controlling Company shall consult with the
Non-Controlling Company (including, without limitation, regarding the use of outside advisors to assist with the Tax Contest) and offer
the Non-Controlling Company a reasonable opportunity to comment and the Controlling Company shall consider such comments in good faith
before submitting any written materials prepared or furnished in connection with such potential adjustment in such Tax Contest; and (v)
the Controlling Company shall defend such Tax Contest diligently and in good faith. The failure of the Controlling Company to take any
action specified in the preceding sentence with respect to the Non-Controlling Company shall not relieve the Non-Controlling Company of
any liability and/or obligation which it may have to the Controlling Company under this Agreement except to the extent that the Non-Controlling Company was actually
harmed by such failure, and in no event shall such failure relieve the Non-Controlling Company from any other liability or obligation
which it may have to the Controlling Company.

(c) Tax Contest Participation. Unless waived by the Companies in writing, the Controlling Company
shall provide the Non-Controlling Company with written notice reasonably in advance of, and the Non-Controlling Company shall have the
right to attend, any formally scheduled meetings with Tax Authorities or hearings or proceedings before any judicial authorities in connection
with any potential adjustment in a Tax Contest pursuant to which the Non-Controlling Company may reasonably be expected to become liable
to make any indemnification payment to the Controlling Company under this Agreement. The failure of the Controlling Company to provide
any notice specified in this Section 7.02(c) to the Non- Controlling Company shall not relieve the Non-Controlling Company of any liability
and/or obligation which it may have to the Controlling Company under this Agreement except to the extent that the Non-Controlling Company
was actually harmed by such failure, and in no event shall such failure relieve the Non-Controlling Company from any other liability or
obligation which it may have to the Controlling Company.

(d) Power of Attorney. Each member of the SpinCo Group shall execute and deliver to Parent (or such
member of the Parent Group as Parent shall designate) any power of attorney or other similar document reasonably requested by Parent (or
such designee) in connection with any Tax Contest (as to which Parent is the Controlling Company) described in this Section 7. Each member
of the Parent Group shall execute and deliver to SpinCo (or such member of the SpinCo Group as SpinCo shall designate) any power of attorney
or other similar document requested by SpinCo (or such designee) in connection with any Tax Contest (as to which SpinCo is the Controlling
Company) described in this Section 7.

(e) Costs. All external out-of-pocket costs and expenses that are incurred by the Controlling Company
with respect to a Tax Contest related to an adjustment which the Non-Controlling Company may reasonably be expected to become liable to
make any indemnification payment under this Agreement shall be shared by the Companies according to each

10 

Companys relative share of the potential Tax liability
with respect to the Tax Contest as determined under this Agreement; provided, however, that a Non-Controlling Company shall not be liable
for fees payable to outside advisors to the extent that the Controlling Company failed to consult with the Non-Controlling Company pursuant
to Section 7.02(b). If the Controlling Company incurs out-of-pocket costs and expenses to be shared under
this Section 7.02(e) during a fiscal quarter, such Controlling Company shall provide notice to the Non-Controlling Company within thirty
(30) days after the end of such fiscal quarter for the amount due from such Non-Controlling Company pursuant to this Section 7.02(e),
describing in reasonable detail the particulars relating thereto. Such Non-Controlling Company shall have a period of thirty (30) days
after the receipt of notice to respond thereto. Unless the Non- Controlling Company disputes the amount it is liable for under this Section
7.02(e), the Non- Controlling Company shall reimburse the Controlling Company within forty-five (45) Business Days of delivery by the
Controlling Company of the notice described above. To the extent the Non-Controlling Company does not agree with the amount the Controlling
Company claims the Non-Controlling Company is liable for under this Section 7.02(e), the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with
Section 10. Any reimbursement shall include interest computed at the rate per annum equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate as published
in The Wall Street Journal from time to time based on the number of days in the period beginning the date such payments were due to the
other Company under this Section 7.02(e) and ending on and including the date of payment. During the first month of each fiscal quarter
in which it expects to incur costs for which reimbursement may be sought under this Section 7.02(e), the

Controlling Company will provide the Non-Controlling Company with
a good faith estimate of such costs.

Section 8. Survival of Obligations.

The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth
in this Agreement shall be unconditional and absolute and shall remain in effect without limitation as to time.

Section 9. Treatment of Payments of Interest.

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, to the extent
one Company (Indemnitor) makes a payment of interest to another Company (Indemnitee) under this
Agreement with respect to the period from the date that the Indemnitee made a payment of Tax to a Tax Authority to the date that the Indemnitor
reimbursed the Indemnitee for such Tax payment, the interest payment shall be treated as interest expense to the Indemnitor (deductible
to the extent provided by law) and as interest income by the Indemnitee (includible in income to the extent provided by law). The amount
of the payment shall not be adjusted to take into account any associated Tax benefit to the Indemnitor or increase in Tax to the Indemnitee.

Section 10. Disagreements.

Section 10.01 Discussion. The Companies mutually
desire that friendly collaboration will continue between them. Accordingly, they will try, and they will cause their respective Group
members to try, to resolve in an amicable manner all disagreements and misunderstandings connected with their respective rights and obligations
under this Agreement, including any amendments hereto. In furtherance thereof, in the event of any dispute or disagreement (a Dispute)
between any member of the Parent Group and any member of the SpinCo Group as to the interpretation of any provision of this Agreement
or the performance of obligations hereunder, the Tax departments of the Companies shall negotiate in good faith to resolve the Dispute.

Section 10.02 Referral to Tax Advisor for Computational
Disputes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 10, with respect to any Dispute under this Agreement involving computational
matters, if the Companies are not able to resolve the Dispute through the discussion process set forth in Section 10.01, the Dispute will
be referred to a Tax Advisor acceptable to each of the Companies to act as an arbitrator in order to resolve the Dispute. In the event
that the Companies are unable to agree upon a Tax Advisor within fifteen (15) Business Days following the completion of the discussion
process, the Companies shall each separately retain an independent, nationally recognized law or

11 

accounting firm (each, a Preliminary Tax Advisor),
which Preliminary Tax Advisors shall jointly select a Tax Advisor on behalf of the Companies to act as an arbitrator in order to resolve
the Dispute. The Tax Advisor may, in its discretion, obtain the services of any third-party appraiser, accounting firm or consultant that
the Tax Advisor deems necessary to assist it in resolving such disagreement. The Tax Advisor shall furnish written notice to the Companies
of its resolution of any such Dispute as soon as practical, but in any event no later than thirty (30) Business Days after its acceptance
of the matter for resolution. Any such resolution by the Tax Advisor will be conclusive and binding on the Companies. Following receipt
of the Tax Advisors written notice to the Companies of its resolution of the Dispute, the Companies shall each take or cause to
be taken any action necessary to implement such resolution of the Tax Advisor. Each Company shall pay its own fees and expenses (including
the fees and expenses of its representatives) incurred in connection with the referral of the matter to the Tax Advisor (and the Preliminary
Tax Advisors, if any). All fees and expenses of the Tax Advisor (and the Preliminary Tax Advisors, if any) in connection with such referral
shall be shared equally by the Companies.

Section 10.03 Injunctive Relief. Nothing in this Section
10 will prevent either Company from seeking injunctive relief if any delay resulting from the efforts to resolve the Dispute through the
process set

forth above could result in serious and irreparable injury
to either Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Parent and SpinCo are the only members of their respective
Group entitled to commence a dispute resolution procedure under this Agreement, and each of Parent and SpinCo will cause its respective
Group members not to commence any dispute resolution procedure other than as provided in this Section 10.

Section 11. Expenses.

Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Company and
its Affiliates shall bear their own expenses incurred in connection with preparation of any Combined US State and Local Tax Returns, Tax
Contests, and other matters related to Taxes under the provisions of this Agreement.

Section 12. General Provisions.

Section 12.01 Notices. All notices, requests, claims,
demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given or made (and shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by overnight courier service, by facsimile or electronic transmission with receipt
confirmed (followed by delivery of an original via overnight courier service) or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return
receipt requested) to the respective Parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified in
a notice given in accordance with this Section 12.01):

if to Parent, to:

CompoSecure, Inc.

309 Pierce Street

Somerset, NJ

Attention: Corporate Secretary

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton
& Garrison, LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

Attention: Scott A. Barshay

Laura Turano

if to SpinCo, to:

Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

445 Park Avenue, Suite 5B

Attention: Thomas R. Knott

12 

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton
& Garrison, LLP

1285 Avenue of the Americas

Attention: Scott A. Barshay

Laura Turano

A Party may change the address for receiving notices under
this Agreement by providing written notice of the change of address to the other Parties.

Section 12.02 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their successors and assigns.

Section 12.03 Waiver. The Parties may waive a provision
of this Agreement only by a writing signed by the Party intended to be bound by the waiver. A Party is not prevented from enforcing any
right, remedy or condition in the Partys favor because of any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy or in requiring
satisfaction of any condition, except to the extent that the Party specifically waives the same in writing. A written waiver given for
one matter or occasion is effective only in that instance and only for the purpose stated. A waiver once given is not to be construed
as a waiver for any other matter or occasion. Any enumeration of a Partys rights and remedies in this Agreement is not intended
to be exclusive, and a Partys rights and remedies are intended to be cumulative to the extent permitted by law and include any
rights and remedies authorized in law or in equity.

Section 12.04 Severability. If any provision of this
Agreement or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void
or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof or thereof, or the application of such provision to Persons or circumstances or in jurisdictions
other than those as to which it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired or invalidated thereby. Upon such determination, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith in an effort to agree upon such a
suitable and equitable provision to effect the original intent of the parties.

Section 12.05 Change in Law. If, due to any change
in applicable law or regulations or their interpretation by any court of law or other governing body having jurisdiction subsequent to
the date of the Agreement, performance of any provision of this Agreement becomes impracticable or impossible, the parties hereto will
use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result
as that contemplated by such provision.

Section 12.06 Authority. Each of the Parties represents
to the other that (a) it has the corporate or other requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, (b)
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action, (c) it
has duly and validly executed and delivered this Agreement, and (d) this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws
affecting creditors rights generally and general equity principles.

Section 12.07 Further Action. The Parties shall
execute and deliver all documents, provide all information, and take or refrain from taking action as may be necessary or appropriate
to achieve the purposes of this Agreement, including the execution and delivery to the other Parties and their Affiliates and representatives
of such powers of attorney or other authorizing documentation as is reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with Tax Contests
(or portions thereof) under the control of such other Parties in accordance with Section 7.

Section 12.08 Integration. This Agreement, together
with each of the exhibits and schedules appended hereto constitutes the final agreement among the Parties, and is the complete and exclusive
statement of the Parties agreement on the matters contained herein. All prior and contemporaneous negotiations and agreements among
the Parties with respect to the matters

13 

contained herein are superseded by this Agreement, as applicable.
In the event of any inconsistency

between this Agreement and any other agreements relating to the
Spin-Off, with respect to matters addressed herein, the provisions of this Agreement shall control.

Section 12.09 Rules of Construction. Interpretation
of this Agreement shall be governed by the following rules of construction: (a) words in the singular shall be held to include the plural
and vice versa, and words of one gender shall be held to include the other gender as the context requires; (b) references to the terms
Section, paragraph, and clause are references to the Sections, paragraphs, and clauses of this
Agreement unless otherwise specified; (c) the terms hereof, herein, hereby, hereto,
and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement; (d) references to $ shall mean US dollars; (e) the word
including and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall mean including without limitation,
unless otherwise specified; (f) the word or shall not be exclusive; (g) references to written or in
writing include in electronic form; (h) provisions shall apply, when appropriate, to successive events and transactions; (i) the
headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of
this Agreement; (j) Parent and SpinCo have each participated in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and if an ambiguity or
question of interpretation should arise, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties and no presumption or
burden of proof shall arise favoring or burdening a Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions in this Agreement or any
interim drafts of this Agreement; and (k) a reference to any Person includes such Persons successors and permitted assigns.

Section 12.10 No Double Recovery. No provision of this Agreement
shall be construed to provide an indemnity or other recovery for any costs, damages, or other amounts for which the damaged Party has
been fully compensated under any other provision of this Agreement or under any other agreement or action at law or equity. Unless expressly
required in this Agreement, a Party shall not be required to exhaust all remedies available under other agreements or at law or equity
before recovering under the remedies provided in this Agreement.

Section 12.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in one (1) or more counterparts (including by electronic or .pdf transmission), and by each Party in separate counterparts, each of which
when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery
of any signature page by facsimile, electronic or .pdf transmission shall be binding to the same extent as an original signature page.

Section 12.12 Governing Law. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect
to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

Section 12.13 Jurisdiction. If any dispute arises
out of or in connection with this Agreement, except as expressly contemplated by another provision of this Agreement, the Parties irrevocably
(and the Parties will cause each other member of their respective Group to irrevocably) (i) agrees that any dispute shall be subject to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of Delaware, (ii) waives any claims of forum non conveniens
and agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and (iii) agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by US
registered mail to its respective address set forth in Section 12.01 shall be effective service of process for any litigation brought
against it in any such court or for the taking of any other acts as may be necessary or appropriate in order to effectuate any judgment
of said courts.

Section 12.14 Amendment. No provision
of this Agreement (except as otherwise provided therein) may be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by each of the
parties hereto or thereto, as applicable.

Section 12.15 Parent or SpinCo Affiliates. If, at
any time, Parent or SpinCo acquires or creates one or more Affiliates that are includable in the Parent Group or SpinCo Group, as the
case may be, they shall be subject to this Agreement and all references to the Parent Group or SpinCo Group, as the case may be, herein
shall thereafter include a reference to such Affiliates.

14 

Section 12.16 Successors. This Agreement shall be
binding on and inure to the benefit of any successor by merger, acquisition of assets, or otherwise, to any of the Parties hereto (including
but not limited to any successor of Parent or SpinCo succeeding to the Tax attributes of either under Section 381 of the Code), to the
same extent as if such successor had been an original Party to this Agreement.

Section 12.17 Injunctions. The Parties acknowledge
that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with its
specific terms or were otherwise breached. The Parties hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of
the provisions of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court having jurisdiction, such remedy
being in addition to any other remedy to which they may be entitled at law or in equity.

15 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by a duly authorized officer on the date first set
forth above.

COMPOSECURE, INC. 

By: /s/ Jonathan C. Wilk 

Name: Jonathan C. Wilk 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT, INC. 

By: /s/ Thomas R. Knott 

Name: Thomas R. Knott 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>eh250596666_ex1004.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.4

Resolute Holdings Management,
Inc.

445 Park Avenue, Suite 5B

New York, NY 10022

February 28, 2025

CompoSecure, Inc.

309 Pierce Street

Somerset, NJ 08873

Attention: Chief Executive
Officer

Re:
Management Agreement with CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference
is hereby made to the Management Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025 (the Management Agreement), by and between
CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. (the Company), a Delaware limited liability company, and Resolute Holdings Management,
Inc. (the Manager), a Delaware corporation. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings ascribed to them in the Management Agreement.

WHEREAS, upon and subject
to the terms of the Management Agreement, the Company has appointed the Manager (and granted to it all powers necessary, convenient or
appropriate) to, and the Manager has agreed and covenanted that it shall, manage the Companys day-to-day business and operations,
and oversee the Companys strategy; and

WHEREAS, in furtherance of
the performance by the Company and the Manager of their respective duties and obligations under the Management Agreement, CompoSecure,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and parent of the Company (Parent), and the Manager desire to enter into this letter
agreement (this Letter Agreement).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Parent and the Manager agree as follows:

1.Term. This Letter Agreement shall be coterminous with the Management Agreement, unless this Letter Agreement is terminated
by the mutual written consent of Parent and the Manager.

2.Covenants of Parent.

(a)During the term of this Letter Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, the Exchange Act, the Securities Act,
the NASDAQ Rules and any other applicable rule or regulation (including the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and
the Securities Act):

(i)Parent, the Parent Board or any committee thereof shall not take any action to modify, amend, qualify, interfere with or terminate
the

delegations set
forth on Schedule I attached hereto (collectively, the Delegations); and

(ii)Parent shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries, as applicable, to: (A) take all steps reasonably necessary to allow the Manager
to make any registrations, filings, declarations and notices on behalf of itself or the Company (including, following the termination
of the 2021 CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Incentive Equity Plan (as in effect from time to time, the 2021 Plan), such registrations,
filings, declarations and notices reasonably necessary for a successor to the 2021 Plan or similar equity plan or subplan (each, a Successor
Plan and, together with the 2021 Plan, the Plan), which contains provisions sufficient to continue the
Grant Delegation (as defined in the Delegations) with respect to such Successor Plan in the same manner the Grant Delegation applies to
the 2021 Plan, to be adopted by Parent and its stockholders, including any approvals necessary to exempt any grants under the Plan from
Section 16 of the Exchange Act) in connection with the Managers performance of its duties and obligations under the Management
Agreement; (B) make customary representations, warranties and covenants in connection with any acquisition, business combination
transaction or other transaction that is intended qualify in whole or in part as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and is
entered into, in each case, in accordance with the Management Agreement; and (C) use commercially reasonable efforts to make available
to the Manager and its representatives all properties, personnel, representatives, resources, information and materials requested by the
Manager in connection with the Managers performance of its duties and obligations under the Management Agreement, including its
obligations to deliver financial statements and any other information or reports with respect to the Company.

(b)Parent hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Manager may use the name CompoSecure and other trademarks of Parent
and its Subsidiaries in connection with the Managers activities under the Management Agreement (including, in connection with the
preparation of any filing with or notification to any Governmental Authority made on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries).
The parties hereto will reasonably cooperate to maintain reasonable quality control with respect to the Managers use of such trademarks.

3.Covenants of the Manager. During the term of this Letter Agreement, any action of the Manager pursuant to the Grant Delegation
shall be in writing and the Manager shall, promptly following each Grant (as defined in the Plan) under the Plan granted or acted upon
by the Manager pursuant to the Grant Delegation (the Delegated Grants) (but not less frequently than every six months)
keep the Compensation Committee of the Parent Board apprised as to the Delegated Grants.

4.Representations and Warranties.

(a)Parent hereby represents and warrants to the Manager as follows:

2 

(i) Parent is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the corporate power
and authority and the legal right to own and operate its assets, to lease any property it may operate as lessee and to conduct the business
in which it is now engaged and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction
where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for failures to be so qualified,
authorized or licensed that could not in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the business operations, assets or financial
condition of Parent and its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole.

(ii)Parent has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to make, deliver and perform this Letter Agreement and all obligations
required hereunder and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize this Letter Agreement on the terms and conditions hereof
and the execution, delivery and performance of this Letter Agreement and all obligations required hereunder. No consent of any other Person
that has not already been obtained, including stockholders and creditors of Parent, and no license, permit, approval or authorization
of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing or declaration with, any Governmental Authority is required by Parent in
connection with this Letter Agreement or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement and
all obligations required hereunder. This Letter Agreement has been, and each instrument or document required hereunder will be, executed
and delivered by a duly authorized officer of Parent, and this Letter Agreement constitutes, and each instrument or document required
hereunder when and executed and delivered hereunder will constitute, the legally valid and binding obligation of Parent enforceable against
Parent in accordance with its terms.

(iii)The execution, delivery and performance of this Letter Agreement and the documents or instruments required hereunder will not violate
any provision of any existing law or regulation binding on Parent, or any order, judgment, award or decree of any Governmental Authority
binding on Parent, or the Governing Agreements of, or any securities issued by Parent or of any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or
other agreement, instrument or undertaking to which Parent is a party or by which Parent or any of its assets may be bound, the violation
of which would have a material adverse effect on the business operations, assets or financial condition of Parent and its Subsidiaries,
if any, taken as a whole, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien or any of its property, assets or
revenues pursuant to the provisions of any such mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking.

(b)The Manager hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows:

(i)The Manager is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the corporate
power and authority and the legal right to conduct the business in which it is now engaged and

3 

is duly qualified
as a foreign corporation and is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct
of its business requires such qualification, except for failures to be so qualified, authorized or licensed that could not in the aggregate
have a material adverse effect on the business operations, assets or financial condition of the Manager.

(ii)The Manager has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to make, deliver and perform this Letter Agreement and all
obligations required hereunder and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize this Letter Agreement on the terms and conditions
hereof and the execution, delivery and performance of this Letter Agreement and all obligations required hereunder. No consent of any
other Person, including stockholders of the Manager, and no license, permit, approval or authorization of, exemption by, notice or report
to, or registration, filing or declaration with, any Governmental Authority is required by the Manager in connection with this Letter
Agreement or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement and all obligations required hereunder.
This Letter Agreement has been, and each instrument or document required hereunder will be, executed and delivered by a duly authorized
officer of the Manager, and this Letter Agreement constitutes, and each instrument or document required hereunder when executed and delivered
hereunder will constitute, the legally valid and binding obligation of the Manager enforceable against the Manager in accordance with
its terms.

(iii)The execution, delivery and performance of this Letter Agreement and the documents or instruments required hereunder will not violate
any provision of any existing law or regulation binding on the Manager, or any order, judgment, award or decree of any Governmental Authority
binding on the Manager, or the Governing Agreements of, or any securities issued by the Manager or of any mortgage, indenture, lease,
contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking to which the Manager is a party or by which the Manager or any of its assets may
be bound, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect on the business operations, assets or financial condition of the
Manager, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien or any of its property, assets or revenues pursuant
to the provisions of any such mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking.

5.Miscellaneous.

(a)Notices. Any notices that may or are required to be given hereunder by any party to another shall be deemed to have been
duly given if (i) personally delivered or delivered by facsimile, when received, (ii) sent by U.S. Express Mail or recognized overnight
courier, on the second (2nd) following Business Day (or third (3rd) following Business Day if mailed outside the
United States), (iii) delivered by electronic mail, when received or (iv) posted on a password protected website maintained by the Manager
and for which the Company has received access instructions by electronic mail, when posted:

4 

Parent CompoSecure, Inc. 

309 Pierce Street

Somerset, NJ 08873

Attention: General Counsel

The Manager: 

Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.

445 Park Avenue, Suite 15B

New York, NY 10022

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

(b)Binding Nature of Agreement Successors and Assigns No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Letter Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and permitted
assigns as provided herein. None of the provisions of this Letter Agreement are intended to be, nor shall they be construed to be, for
the benefit of any third party.

(c)Integration. This Letter Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express
or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. The express terms hereof control and
supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.

(d)Additional Agreements. In the event the Company forms any Subsidiary, or acquires any business, following the date hereof
and, at the Managers election, causes any such Subsidiary, or business, to enter into a management agreement with the Manager in
a form substantially similar to the Management Agreement, Parent shall, at the Managers election, enter into a letter agreement
with the Manager in a form substantially similar to this Letter Agreement.

(e)Amendments. Neither this Letter Agreement, nor any terms hereof, may be amended, supplemented or modified except in an instrument
in writing executed by the parties hereto.

(f)Governing Law. Notwithstanding the place where this Letter Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties
hereto expressly agree that all of the terms and provisions hereof shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware.

(g)Forum; Consent to Service. To the fullest extent permitted by law, in the event of any proceeding arising out of the terms
and conditions of this Letter Agreement, the parties hereto irrevocably (i) consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware
Court of Chancery and any state appellate court therefrom within the State of Delaware (unless the Delaware Court of Chancery shall decline
jurisdiction over a particular matter, in which case, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware), (ii) waive any defense
based on doctrines of venue or forum non conveniens, or similar rules or doctrines and, (iii) agree that all claims in respect
of such a

5 

proceeding must
be heard and determined exclusively in the Delaware Court of Chancery and any state appellate court therefrom within the State of Delaware
(unless the Delaware Court of Chancery shall decline jurisdiction over a particular matter, in which case, any state or federal court
within the State of Delaware). Process in any such proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without
the jurisdiction of any such court. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees and consents that service of any process, summons, notice,
or document pursuant to Section 5(a) shall be effective service of process for any suit or proceeding arising out of the terms and
conditions of this Letter Agreement. Any proceeding arising out of the terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement shall be governed
by the provisions hereof and not by the provisions of Article XI of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of February 28,
2025, by and between Parent and the Manager.

(h)Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH OR RELATING TO THIS LETTER AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS LETTER AGREEMENT.

(i)Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder, and in any document, certificate
or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith, shall survive the execution and delivery of this Letter Agreement.

(j)No Waiver Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of a party hereto, any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power
or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers
and privileges provided by law.

(k)Costs and Expenses. Each party hereto shall bear its own costs and expenses (including the fees and disbursements of counsel
and accountants) incurred in connection with the negotiations, preparation of and entry into this Letter Agreement, and all matters incident
thereto.

(l)Headings; Interpretation. The section and subsection headings in this Letter Agreement are for convenience in reference
only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect the interpretation of any provisions hereof. The words hereof, herein
and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Letter Agreement shall refer to this Letter Agreement as a whole
and not to any particular provision of this Letter Agreement, and Section references are to this Letter Agreement unless otherwise specified.
References herein to Sections, clauses and other subdivisions, and to Schedules, without reference to a document
are to the specified Sections, clauses and other

6 

subdivisions
of and Schedules to, this Letter Agreement. The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular
and plural forms of such terms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to
be followed by the phrase without limitation. Where a word or phrase is defined herein, each of its other grammatical forms
shall have a corresponding meaning.

(m)Counterparts. This Letter Agreement may be executed by the parties to this Letter Agreement on any number of separate counterparts
(including by facsimile), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

(n)Severability. Any provision of this Letter Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as
to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in
any other jurisdiction.

7 

Very truly yours, 

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT, INC. 

By: /s/ Thomas R. Knott 

Name: Thomas R. Knott 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Agreed and accepted, 

COMPOSECURE, INC. 

By: /s/ Jonathan C. Wilk 

Name: Jonathan C. Wilk 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>eh250596666_ex1005.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.5

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT, INC.

2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan

1.Purpose.
The purpose of the Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan)
is to (i) attract and retain individuals to serve as employees, advisors, consultants or Directors of Resolute Holdings Management, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (together with its Subsidiaries, whether existing or thereafter acquired or formed, and any and all successor entities,
the Company) and its Affiliates by providing them the opportunity to acquire an equity interest in the Company
or other incentive compensation and (ii) align the interests of the foregoing with those of the Companys stockholders.

2.Effective
Date; Duration. The effective date of the Plan is February 28, 2025 (the Effective
Date), which is the date that the Plan was approved by the sole stockholder of the Company. The expiration date of the
Plan, on and after which date no Awards may be granted under the Plan, shall be the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date (the Expiration
Date); provided, however, that such expiration shall not affect Awards then outstanding, and the terms and
conditions of the Plan shall continue to apply to such Awards.

3.Definitions.
The following definitions shall apply throughout the Plan:

(a)Administrator
means the Board or any person(s) or body to which it has delegated all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers, pursuant
to Section 4 of the Plan.

(b)Affiliate
means (i) any person or entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company
and/or (ii) to the extent provided by the Administrator, any person or entity in which the Company has a significant interest. The
term control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by and under common control
with), as applied to any person or entity, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management and policies of such person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise.

(c)Award
means, individually or collectively, any Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock,
Restricted Stock Unit, Other Stock-Based Award or Other Cash-Based Award granted under the Plan.

(d)Award
Agreement means any agreement (whether in written or electronic form) or other instrument or document evidencing any Award
(other than an Other Cash-Based Award) granted under the Plan (including, in each case, in electronic form), which may, but need not,
be executed or acknowledged by a Participant (as determined by the Administrator).

(e)Beneficial
Ownership has the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under Section 13 of the Exchange Act.

(f)Board
means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(g)Cause
has the meaning given to that term in any Service Agreement between the Company and the Participant, or if no such agreement exists or
if such term is not defined therein, and unless otherwise defined in the Award Agreement, Cause means a finding by the Administrator that
the Participant (i) has breached his or her employment or service contract with the Company, (ii) has engaged in disloyalty
to the Company, including, without limitation, fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony or proven dishonesty, (iii) has
disclosed trade secrets or confidential information of the Company to Persons not entitled to receive such information, (iv) has
breached any written non-competition, non-solicitation, invention assignment or confidentiality agreement between the Participant and
the Company or (v) has engaged in such other behavior detrimental to the interests of the Company as the Administrator determines.

(h)Change
in Control means, unless the applicable Award Agreement or the Administrator provides otherwise, the first to occur of
any of the following events:

(i)the
acquisition by any Person or related group (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and Section 14(d) of
the Exchange Act) of Persons, or Persons acting jointly or in concert, of Beneficial Ownership (including control or direction) of 50%
or more (on a fully diluted basis) of either (A) the then-outstanding Shares, including Shares issuable upon the exercise of options
or warrants, the conversion of convertible stock or debt, and the exercise of any similar right to acquire such Shares or (B) the
total voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote in the election of Directors (the Outstanding
Company Voting Securities), but, in each case, excluding (x) any such acquisition by the Company, the Resolute Stockholder,
any Permitted Transferee or any of their respective Affiliates or by any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Company
or any of its Affiliates and (y) a Non-Qualifying Transaction (as defined in clause (iv) of this definition, modifying such
definition for purposes of this clause (i) by including an acquisition of securities as an applicable transaction alongside Business
Combination or Sale);

(ii)a
change in the composition of the Board such that members of the Board during any consecutive 24-month period (the Incumbent
Directors) cease to constitute a majority of the Board. Any person becoming a Director through election or nomination for
election approved by a valid vote of the Incumbent Directors shall be deemed an Incumbent Director; provided, however, that
no individual becoming a Director as a result of an actual or threatened election contest, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-12
of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act, or as a result of any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents
by or on behalf of any person other than the Board, shall be deemed an Incumbent Director;

(iii)the
approval by the stockholders of the Company of a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company; or

(iv)the
consummation of (I) a reorganization, recapitalization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar
form of corporate transaction involving (x) the Company or (y) any of its Subsidiaries, but in the case of this clause (y) only
if Outstanding Company Voting Securities are issued or issuable (a Business Combination), or (II) a sale,
transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company to an entity that is not an Affiliate
of the Company (a Sale), unless immediately following such Business Combination or Sale: (A) more than
50% of the total voting power of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the entity that acquired all or substantially
all of the business or assets of the Company in such Sale (in either case, the Surviving Company), or the
ultimate parent entity that has Beneficial Ownership of sufficient voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or analogous
governing body) of the Surviving Company (the Parent Company), is represented by the Outstanding Company Voting
Securities that were outstanding immediately prior to such Business Combination or Sale (or, if applicable, is represented by Shares into
which the Outstanding Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such Business Combination or Sale), and such voting power among
the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportion as the voting power of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities among the
holders thereof immediately prior to the Business Combination or Sale, (B) no Person (other than any employee benefit plan sponsored
or maintained by the Surviving Company or the Parent Company) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more
of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect members of the board of directors (or the analogous governing
body) of the Parent Company (or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company) and (C) at least a majority of the members
of the board of directors (or the analogous governing body) of the Parent Company (or, if there is no Parent Company, the Surviving Company)
following the consummation of the Business Combination or Sale were Board members at the time of the Boards approval of the execution
of the initial agreement providing for such Business Combination or Sale (any Business Combination or Sale which satisfies all of the
criteria specified in (A), (B) and (C) of this clause (iv) will be deemed to be a Non-Qualifying Transaction).

2

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change
in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if immediately after the occurrence of any of the events described in clauses (i) 
(iv) above, the Resolute Stockholders aggregate Beneficial Ownership of the total voting power of the Company or any of its
successors exceeds 50%.

(i)Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor thereto. References to any section of the Code shall be deemed
to include any regulations or other interpretative guidance under such section, and any amendments or successors thereto.

(j)Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value of $0.0001 per share (and any stock or other securities into which
such common stock may be converted or into which it may be exchanged).

(k)Company
has the meaning set forth in Section 1 of the Plan.

(l)Deferred
Award means an Award granted pursuant to Section 13 of the Plan.

(m)Director
means any member of the Companys Board.

(n)Disability
means, unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, a determination that a Participant is disabled in accordance with a long-term
disability insurance program maintained by the Company or a determination by the U.S. Social Security Administration that the Participant
is totally disabled.

(o)dollar
or $ shall refer to United States dollars.

(p)Effective
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2 of the Plan.

(q)Eligible
Director means a Director who satisfies the conditions set forth in Section 4(a) of the Plan.

(r)Eligible
Person means any (i) individual providing Services to the Company or an Affiliate, (ii) consultant or advisor
to the Company or an Affiliate who may be offered securities registrable on Form S-8 under the Securities Act, or (iii) prospective
employee, director, officer, consultant or advisor who has accepted an offer of Service from the Company or an Affiliate (and would satisfy
the provisions of clause (i) or (ii) above once such individual begins providing Services to the Company or an Affiliate).

(s)Exchange
Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any successor thereto. References to any section of
(or rule promulgated under) the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other interpretative guidance under
such section or rule, and any amendments or successors thereto.

3

(t)Expiration
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2 of the Plan.

(u)Fair
Market Value means, (i) with respect to a Share on a given date, (x) if the Shares are listed on a national securities
exchange, the closing sales price of a Share reported on such exchange on such date or, if there is no such sale on that date, then on
the last preceding date on which such a sale was reported or (y) if the Shares are not listed on any national securities exchange,
the amount determined by the Administrator in good faith to be the fair market value of a Share or (ii) with respect to any other
property on any given date, the amount determined by the Administrator in good faith to be the fair market value of such other property
as of such date.

(v)Immediate
Family Members has the meaning set forth in Section 15(b)(ii) of the Plan.

(w)Incentive
Stock Option means an Option that is designated by the Administrator as an incentive stock option as described in Section 422
of the Code and otherwise meets the requirements set forth in the Plan.

(x)Intrinsic
Value with respect to an Option or SAR means (i) the excess, if any, of the price or implied price per Share in a
Change in Control or other event over (ii) the exercise or hurdle price of such Award multiplied by (iii) the number of Shares
covered by such Award.

(y)Indemnifiable
Person has the meaning set forth in Section 4(e) of the Plan.

(z)NASDAQ
means Nasdaq Global Market.

(aa)Nonqualified
Stock Option means an Option that is not designated by the Administrator as an Incentive Stock Option.

(bb)Option
means an Award granted under Section 7 of the Plan.

(cc)Option
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 7 of the Plan.

(dd)Other
Cash-Based Award means an Award granted under Section 10 of the Plan that is denominated and/or payable in cash, including
cash awarded as a bonus or upon the attainment of specific performance criteria or as otherwise permitted by the Plan or as contemplated
by the Administrator.

(ee)Other
Stock-Based Award means an Award granted under Section 10 of the Plan.

(ff)Participant
has the meaning set forth in Section 6 of the Plan.

(gg)Performance
Conditions means performance conditions determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion and set forth in an Award
Agreement. The satisfaction of Performance Conditions shall be subject to certification by the Administrator. The Administrator has the
authority to take appropriate action with respect to the Performance Conditions (including, without limitation, making adjustments to
the Performance Conditions or determining the satisfaction of the Performance Conditions in connection with a corporate transaction);
provided that any such action does not otherwise violate the terms of the Plan.

(hh)Permitted
Transferee has the meaning set forth in Section 15(b)(ii) of the Plan.

4

(ii)Person
has the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof,
except that such term shall not include (i) the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding
securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities
pursuant to an offering of such securities or (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company
in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Shares of the Company.

(jj)Released
Unit has the meaning set forth in Section 9(f)(ii) of the Plan.

(kk)Resolute
Stockholder means, collectively, Resolute Compo Holdings LLC, Resolute ManCo Holdings LLC, any of their respective Affiliates
and any of their respective members or other equityholders.

(ll)Restricted
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 9(a) of the Plan.

(mm)Restricted
Stock means any Share subject to certain specified restrictions and forfeiture conditions, granted pursuant to Section 9
of the Plan.

(nn)Restricted
Stock Unit means a contractual right granted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan that is denominated in Shares. Each
Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured promise to deliver Shares, cash, other securities or other property, or a combination
thereof, subject to certain specified restrictions, granted pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan.

(oo)SAR
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 8(c) of the Plan.

(pp)Securities
Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto. Reference in the Plan to any section
of (or rule promulgated under) the Securities Act shall be deemed to include any rules, regulations or other interpretative guidance
under such section or rule, and any amendments or successor provisions to such section, rules, regulations or other interpretive guidance.

(qq)Service
and termination of Service and similar references mean, respectively, employment with or services for, and
termination or cessation of employment with or services for, the Company or an Affiliate, including services as a member of the Board.

(rr)Service
Agreement means any employment, severance, consulting or similar agreement (including any offer letter) between the Company
or an Affiliate and a Participant.

(ss)Share
means a share of Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share.

(tt)Stock
Appreciation Right or SAR means an Award granted under Section 8 of the Plan.

(uu)Subsidiary
means (i) any corporation or other entity a majority of whose outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly
or indirectly by the Company and (ii) any other entity which the Administrator determines should be treated as a Subsidiary.

(vv)Substitute
Award means an Award granted under the Plan upon the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding equity awards previously
granted by a company or other entity in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, combination, consolidation or acquisition
of property or stock; provided, however, that in no event shall the term Substitute Award be construed to
refer to an award made in connection with the cancellation and repricing of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right.

5

4.Administration.

(a)Authority
of the Administrator. The Administrator shall administer the Plan, and shall have the sole and plenary authority to (i) designate
Participants, (ii) determine the type, size, and terms and conditions of Awards to be granted and to grant such Awards (including
Substitute Awards), (iii) determine the method by which an Award may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, suspended or repurchased
by the Company, (iv) determine the circumstances under which the delivery of cash, property or other amounts payable with respect
to an Award may be deferred, either automatically or at the Participants or Administrators election, (v) interpret,
administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, correct any defect in and supply any omission in the Plan and any Award granted under the
Plan, (vi) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the Administrator shall
deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan, (vii) accelerate or modify the vesting, delivery or exercisability of,
or payment for or lapse of restrictions on, or waive any condition in respect of, Awards and (viii) make any other determination
and take any other action that the Administrator deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan or to comply with any
applicable law or accounting standard. To the extent determined by the Board and/or required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act (if applicable and if the Board is not acting as the Administrator under the Plan), or any exception
or exemption under applicable securities laws or the applicable rules of the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer
quotation service on which the Shares are listed or quoted, as applicable, it is intended that each member of the Administrator shall,
at the time such member takes any action with respect to an Award under the Plan, be (1) a non-employee director within
the meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and/or (2) an independent director under the rules of
the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares are listed or quoted, or a person meeting
any similar requirement under any successor rule or regulation (Eligible Director). However, the fact
that an Administrator member shall fail to qualify as an Eligible Director shall not invalidate any Award granted or action taken by the
Administrator that is otherwise validly granted or taken under the Plan.

(b)Delegation.
The Board may delegate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any person(s) or body selected by it, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, regulations, the NASDAQ listing guidelines or the rules of any other securities exchange or inter-dealer
quotation service on which the Shares are listed or quoted. To the extent permitted by applicable law, regulations, the NASDAQ listing
guidelines or the rules of any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares are listed or quoted,
including Section 152(b) and 157(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as applicable, the Board may delegate to any
person(s) or body selected by it the authority to grant Options, SARs, Restricted Stock Units or other Awards in the form of rights
to Shares. Any such delegation may be revoked by the Board at any time.

(c)International
Participants. As further set forth in Section 15(g) of the Plan, the Administrator shall have the authority to amend the
Plan and Awards to the extent necessary to permit participation in the Plan by Eligible Persons who are located outside of the United
States or are subject to laws outside of the United States on terms and conditions comparable to those afforded to Eligible Persons located
within the United States; provided, however, that no such action shall be taken without stockholder approval if such approval
is required by applicable securities laws or regulations, the NASDAQ listing guidelines or the rules of any other securities exchange
or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares are listed or quoted.

(d)Decisions
Binding. Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions regarding
the Plan or any Award or any documents evidencing Awards granted pursuant to the Plan shall be within the sole discretion of the Administrator,
may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons and entities, including, without limitation, the Company,
any Affiliate, any Participant, any holder or beneficiary of any Award and any stockholder of the Company.

6

(e)Limitation
of Liability. No member of the Board or the Administrator, nor any employee or agent of the Company (each such person, an Indemnifiable
Person), shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken or any determination made with respect to the Plan
or any Award hereunder (unless constituting fraud or a willful criminal act or willful criminal omission). Each Indemnifiable Person shall
be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss, cost, liability or expense (including attorneys fees)
that may be imposed upon or incurred by such Indemnifiable Person in connection with or resulting from any action, suit or proceeding
to which such Indemnifiable Person may be involved as a party, witness or otherwise by reason of any action taken or omitted to be taken
or determination made under the Plan or any Award Agreement and against and from any and all amounts paid by such Indemnifiable Person
with the Companys approval (not to be unreasonably withheld), in settlement thereof, or paid by such Indemnifiable Person in satisfaction
of any judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against such Indemnifiable Person, and the Company shall advance to such Indemnifiable
Person any such expenses promptly upon written request (which request shall include an undertaking by the Indemnifiable Person to repay
the amount of such advance if it shall ultimately be determined as provided below that the Indemnifiable Person is not entitled to be
indemnified); provided that the Company shall have the right, at its own expense, to assume and defend any such action, suit or
proceeding, and once the Company gives notice of its intent to assume the defense, the Company shall have sole control over such defense
with counsel of recognized standing of the Companys choice. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be available to an
Indemnifiable Person to the extent that a final judgment or other final adjudication (in either case not subject to further appeal) binding
upon such Indemnifiable Person determines that the acts or omissions or determinations of such Indemnifiable Person giving rise to the
indemnification claim resulted from such Indemnifiable Persons fraud or willful criminal act or willful criminal omission or that
such right of indemnification is otherwise prohibited by law or by the Companys certificate of incorporation or bylaws. The foregoing
right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of or otherwise supersede any other rights of indemnification to which such Indemnifiable
Persons may be entitled under the Companys certificate of incorporation or by-laws, as a matter of law, individual indemnification
agreement or contract, or otherwise, or any other power that the Company may have to indemnify such Indemnifiable Persons or hold them
harmless.

(f)Board.
The Board may at any time and from time to time grant Awards and administer the Plan with respect to such Awards. In any such case, the
Board shall have all the authority granted to the Administrator under the Plan.

5.Grant
of Awards; Available Shares for Awards; Limitations.

(a)Awards.
The Administrator may grant Awards to one or more Eligible Persons. All Awards granted under the Plan shall vest and, if applicable, become
exercisable in such manner and on such date or dates or upon such event or events as determined by the Administrator and as set forth
in an Award Agreement, including, without limitation, attainment of Performance Conditions.

(b)Available
Shares. Subject to Section 11 of the Plan and subsection (e) below, the maximum number of Shares available for issuance
under the Plan shall not exceed 1,272,962, plus the number of Shares set forth in the next sentence (the Share Pool)
on a fully diluted basis assuming that all shares available for issuance under the Plan are issued and outstanding, or the equivalent
of such number of Shares after the Administrator, in its sole discretion, has interpreted the effect of any stock split, stock dividend,
combination, recapitalization or similar transaction. The Share Pool will automatically increase each fiscal year following the Effective
Date beginning with fiscal year 2026 and ending with fiscal year 2035 by the lesser of (i) 5% of the total number of Shares outstanding
on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year on a fully diluted basis assuming that all shares available for issuance under
the Plan are issued and outstanding or (ii) such number of Shares determined by the Administrator. The increase shall occur on the
first day of each such fiscal year or another day selected by the Administrator during such fiscal year.

7

(c)Incentive
Stock Options Limit. The maximum number of Shares that may be delivered pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options granted
under the Plan shall not exceed 1,272,962.

(d)Director
Compensation Limit. The maximum amount (based on the fair value of Shares underlying Awards on the grant date as determined in accordance
with applicable financial accounting rules) of Awards that may be granted in any single fiscal year to any non-employee member of the
Board, taken together with any cash fees paid to such non-employee member of the Board during such fiscal year, shall be $750,000, increased
to $1,000,000 in the year in which the non-employee member initially joins the Board. For the avoidance of doubt, in a year in which a
non-employee member of the Board serves as an employee or consultant (including as an interim officer), such limit shall not apply to
compensation approved to be paid to such non-employee member of the Board by the other non-employee members of the Board in respect of
such Service as an employee or consultant.

(e)Share
Counting. The Share Pool shall be reduced by the number of Shares delivered for each Award granted under the Plan that is valued by
reference to a Share; provided that Awards that are valued by reference to Shares but are required to or may be paid in cash pursuant
to their terms shall not reduce the Share Pool. If and to the extent that Awards terminate, expire or are cash settled, canceled, forfeited,
exchanged or surrendered without having been exercised, vested or settled, the Shares subject to such Awards shall again be available
for Awards under the Share Pool. In addition, any (i) Shares tendered by Participants, or withheld by the Company, as full or partial
payment to the Company upon the exercise of Options granted under the Plan; (ii) Shares reserved for issuance upon the grant of Stock
Appreciation Rights, to the extent that the number of reserved Shares exceeds the number of Shares actually issued upon the exercise of
the Stock Appreciation Rights; and (iii) Shares withheld by, or otherwise remitted to, the Company to satisfy a Participants
tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of Options or SARs granted under the Plan, or upon the lapse of restrictions on, or settlement
of, an Award, shall again be available for Awards under the Share Pool.

(f)Source
of Shares. Shares delivered by the Company in settlement of Awards may be authorized and unissued Shares, Shares held in the treasury
of the Company, Shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase, or a combination of the foregoing.

(g)Substitute
Awards. Substitute Awards shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan. Additionally, in the event that a company
acquired by the Company or any Affiliate or with which the Company or any Affiliate combines has shares available under a pre-existing
plan approved by stockholders and not approved in contemplation or such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant
to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation
ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the
entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for
grant under the Plan; provided that Awards using such available shares shall not be made after the date on which awards or grants
could have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals
who were not providing Services to the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Substitute
Awards issued or intended as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code shall be counted
against the aggregate number of Incentive Stock Options available under the Plan.

8

6.Eligibility.
Participation shall be for Eligible Persons who have been selected by the Administrator to receive grants under the Plan (each such Eligible
Person, a Participant). Holders of options and other types of awards granted by a company acquired by the
Company or with which the Company combines are eligible for grants of Substitute Awards under the Plan to the extent permitted under applicable
regulations of any stock exchange on which the Company is listed.

7.Options.

(a)Generally.
Each Option shall be subject to the conditions set forth in the Plan and in the applicable Award Agreement. All Options granted under
the Plan shall be Nonqualified Stock Options unless the Award Agreement expressly states otherwise. Incentive Stock Options shall be granted
only subject to and in compliance with Section 422 of the Code, and only to Eligible Persons who are employees of the Company and
its Affiliates and who are eligible to receive an Incentive Stock Option under the Code. If for any reason an Option intended to be an
Incentive Stock Option (or any portion thereof) shall not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent of such nonqualification,
such Option or portion thereof shall be regarded as a Nonqualified Stock Option properly granted under the Plan.

(b)Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Share for each Option, which is the purchase price per Share underlying the Option, shall be determined
by the Administrator at the time of grant and, except in the case of a Substitute Award, such exercise price shall not be less than 100%
of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such Option. Any modification to the exercise price of an outstanding Option
shall be subject to the prohibition on repricing set forth in Section 14(b).

(c)Vesting,
Exercise and Expiration. The Administrator shall determine the manner and timing of vesting, exercise and expiration of Options. The
period between the date of grant and the scheduled expiration date of the Option (Option Period) shall not
exceed ten years, unless the Option Period (other than in the case of an Incentive Stock Option) would expire at a time when trading in
the Shares is prohibited by the Companys insider-trading policy or a Company-imposed blackout period, in which case,
unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, the Option Period may be extended automatically until the 30th day following
the expiration of such prohibition (so long as such extension shall not violate Section 409A of the Code) or the Administrator may
provide for the automatic exercise of such Option prior to the expiration of the Option Period. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting
and/or exercisability of any Option, which acceleration shall not affect any other terms and conditions of such Option.

(d)Method
of Exercise and Form of Payment. No Shares shall be delivered pursuant to any exercise of an Option until the Participant has
paid the exercise price to the Company in full, and an amount equal to any applicable U.S. federal, state and local income and employment
taxes and non-U.S. income and employment taxes, social contributions and any other tax-related items required to be withheld. Options
may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company or its designee (including a third-party administrator)
in accordance with the terms of the Option and the Award Agreement, accompanied by payment of the exercise price and such applicable taxes.
The exercise price and delivery of all applicable required withholding taxes shall be payable (i) in cash or by check or cash equivalent
or (ii) by such other method or methods as the Administrator may permit, in its sole discretion, including without limitation: (A) in
the form of other property (including previously owned Shares; provided that such Shares are not subject to any pledge or other security
interest) having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes;
(B) if there is a public market for the Shares at such time, by means of a broker-assisted cashless exercise pursuant
to which the Company or its designee (including third-party administrators) is delivered a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker
to sell the Shares otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the
exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes against delivery of the Shares to settle the applicable trade; or (C) by
means of a net exercise procedure effected by withholding the minimum number of Shares otherwise deliverable in respect
of an Option that are needed to pay for the exercise price and all applicable required withholding taxes. In all events of cashless or
net exercise, any fractional Shares shall be settled in cash.

9

(e)Notification
upon Disqualifying Disposition of an Incentive Stock Option. Each Participant awarded an Incentive Stock Option under the Plan shall
notify the Company in writing immediately after the date on which the Participant makes a disqualifying disposition of any Share acquired
pursuant to the exercise of such Incentive Stock Option. A disqualifying disposition is any disposition (including, without limitation,
any sale) of such Share before the later of (i) two years after the date of grant of the Incentive Stock Option and (ii) one
year after the date of exercise of the Incentive Stock Option. The Company may, if determined by the Administrator and in accordance with
procedures established by the Administrator, retain possession, as agent for the applicable Participant, of any Share acquired pursuant
to the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option until the end of the period described in the preceding sentence, subject to complying with
any instruction from such Participant as to the sale of such Share.

(f)Compliance
with Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Participant be permitted to exercise an Option in a manner that the
Administrator determines would violate the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other applicable law or the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission or the applicable rules and regulations of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation
service on which the Shares of the Company are listed or quoted.

(g)Incentive
Stock Option Grants to 10% Stockholders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7, if an Incentive Stock Option
is granted to a Participant who owns stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of
a parent or subsidiary of the Company (within the meaning of Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code), the Option Period
shall not exceed five years from the date of grant of such Option and the exercise price shall be at least 110% of the Fair Market Value
(on the date of grant) of the shares subject to the Option.

(h)$100,000
Per Year Limitation for Incentive Stock Options. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date of
grant) of Shares for which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under
all plans of the Company) exceeds $100,000, such excess Incentive Stock Options shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options.

8.Stock
Appreciation Rights (SARs).

(a)Generally.
Each SAR shall be subject to the conditions set forth in the Plan and in the applicable Award Agreement.

(b)Exercise
Price. The exercise or hurdle price per Share for each SAR shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of grant and, except
in the case of a Substitute Award, such exercise or hurdle price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the
date of grant of such SAR. Any modification to the exercise or hurdle price of an outstanding SAR shall be subject to the prohibition
on repricing set forth in Section 14(b).

(c)Vesting,
Exercise and Expiration. The Administrator shall determine the manner and timing of vesting, exercise and expiration of SARs. The
period between the date of grant and the scheduled expiration of the SAR (the SAR Period) shall not exceed
ten years, unless the SAR Period would expire at a time when trading in the Shares is prohibited by the Companys insider-trading
policy or a Company-imposed blackout period, in which case, unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, the SAR Period
may be extended automatically until the 30th day following the expiration of such prohibition (so long as such extension shall not violate
Section 409A of the Code) or the Administrator may provide for the automatic exercise of such SAR prior to the expiration of the
SAR Period. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting and/or exercisability of any SAR, which acceleration shall not affect any other
terms and conditions of such SAR.

10

(d)Method
of Exercise and Form of Payment. SARs may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company
or its designee (including a third-party administrator) in accordance with the terms of the SAR and the Award Agreement, specifying the
number of SARs to be exercised and the date as of which such SARs were awarded. Upon the exercise of a SAR, the Company shall pay to the
holder thereof an amount equal to the number of Shares subject to the SAR that are being exercised multiplied by the excess, if any, of
the Fair Market Value of one Share on the exercise date over the exercise price, less an amount equal to any applicable U.S. federal,
state and local income and employment taxes and non-U.S. income and employment taxes, social contributions and any other tax-related items
required to be withheld. The Company shall pay such amount in cash, in Shares valued at Fair Market Value as determined on the date of
exercise, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Administrator. Any fractional Shares shall be settled in cash.

9.Restricted
Stock and Restricted Stock Units.

(a)Generally.
Each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit shall be subject to the conditions set forth in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement.
The Administrator shall establish restrictions applicable to Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units, including the period during
which the restrictions shall apply (the Restricted Period), and the time or times at which Restricted Stock
or Restricted Stock Units shall become vested. The Administrator may accelerate the vesting and/or the lapse of any or all of the restrictions
on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units, which acceleration shall not affect any other terms and conditions of such Awards. No
Share shall be issued at the time an Award of Restricted Stock Units is made, and the Company will not be required to set aside a fund
for the payment of any such Award.

(b)Stock
Certificates; Escrow or Similar Arrangement. Upon the grant
of Restricted Stock, the Administrator shall cause Share(s) to be registered in the name of the Participant, which may be evidenced
in any manner the Administrator may deem appropriate, including in book-entry form subject to the Companys directions or the issuance
of a stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant. In such event, the Administrator may provide that such certificates
shall be held by the Company or in escrow rather than delivered to the Participant pending vesting and release of restrictions, in which
case the Administrator may require the Participant to execute and deliver to the Company or its designee (including third-party administrators)
(i) an escrow agreement satisfactory to the Administrator, if applicable, and (ii) the appropriate stock power (endorsed in
blank) with respect to the Restricted Stock.

(d)Voting
and Rights as a Stockholder. Subject to the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant generally shall
have the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect to Awards of Restricted Stock, including, without limitation, the right to
vote such Shares of Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator or in an Award
Agreement, a Restricted Stock Unit shall not convey to the Participant the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect to the
Share subject to the Restricted Stock Unit, such as the right to vote or the right to receive dividends, unless and until a Share is issued
to the Participant to settle the Restricted Stock Unit.

11

(e)Restrictions;
Forfeiture. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units awarded to the Participant shall be subject to forfeiture until the expiration
of the Restricted Period and the attainment of any other vesting criteria established by the Administrator, and shall be subject to the
restrictions on transferability set forth in the Award Agreement. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, in the event of any
forfeiture, all rights of the Participant to such Restricted Stock (or as a stockholder with respect thereto) and to such Restricted Stock
Units, as applicable, shall terminate without further action or obligation on the part of the Company. The Administrator shall have the
authority to remove any or all of the restrictions on the Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units whenever it may determine that,
by reason of changes in applicable laws or other changes in circumstances arising after the date of grant of the Restricted Stock Award
or Restricted Stock Unit Award, such action is appropriate.

(f)Delivery
of Restricted Stock and Settlement of Restricted Stock Units.

(i)Upon
the expiration of the Restricted Period with respect to any Shares of Restricted Stock and the attainment of any other vesting criteria,
the restrictions set forth in the applicable Award Agreement shall be of no further force or effect, except as set forth in the Award
Agreement. If an escrow arrangement is used, upon such expiration the Company shall deliver to the Participant or such Participants
beneficiary or Permitted Transferee (via book-entry notation or, if applicable, in stock certificate form) the Shares of Restricted Stock
with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired (rounded down to the nearest full Share). To the extent provided in an Award Agreement,
dividends, if any, that may have been withheld by the Company and attributable to the Restricted Stock shall be distributed to the Participant
in cash or in Shares (or a combination of cash and Shares) having a Fair Market Value (on the date of distribution) equal to the amount
of such dividends, upon the release of restrictions on the Restricted Stock.

(ii)Unless
otherwise provided by the Administrator in an Award Agreement, upon the expiration of the Restricted Period and the attainment of any
other vesting criteria established by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement, with respect to any outstanding Restricted
Stock Units, the Company shall deliver to the Participant, or such Participants beneficiary (via book-entry notation or, if applicable,
in stock certificate form), one Share (or other securities or other property, as applicable) for each such outstanding Restricted Stock
Unit that has not then been forfeited and with respect to which the Restricted Period has expired and any other such vesting criteria
are attained (Released Unit); provided, however, that the Administrator may elect to (A) pay
cash or part cash and part Shares in lieu of delivering only Shares in respect of such Released Units or (B) defer the delivery of
Shares (or cash or part Shares and part cash, as the case may be) beyond the expiration of the Restricted Period if such extension would
not cause adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code. If a cash payment is made in lieu of delivering Shares, the amount
of such payment shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the date on which the Shares would have otherwise been delivered
to the Participant in respect of such Restricted Stock Units. To the extent provided in an Award Agreement, dividend or distribution equivalents,
if any, that may have been withheld by the Company and attributable to the Restricted Stock Units shall be distributed to the Participant
in cash or in Shares (or a combination of cash and Shares) having a Fair Market Value (on the date of distribution) equal to the amount
of such dividends or distributions, upon the release of restrictions on the Restricted Stock Units.

(g)Legends
on Restricted Stock. Each Participant receiving Shares of Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan shall be issued a stock certificate
in respect of such Shares of Restricted Stock. Such certificate shall be registered in the name of such Participant, and shall bear an
appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to such Shares of Restricted Stock.
The stock certificate evidencing such Shares of Restricted Stock shall be held in custody by the Company, or its designees, until the
conditions to the vesting of such Shares of Restricted Stock have been satisfied and all other restrictions thereon shall have lapsed.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the discretion of the Company, any Shares of Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan to any Eligible
Person may be issued and held in book entry form. In such event, not stock certificates evidencing such Shares of Restricted Stock will
be issued and the applicable restrictions will be noted in the records of the Companys transfer agent and in the book entry system.

12

10.Other
Stock-Based Awards and Other Cash-Based Awards. The Administrator may issue unrestricted Shares,
rights to receive future grants of Awards, or other Awards denominated in Shares (including performance shares or performance units),
or Awards that provide for cash payments based in whole or in part on the value or future value of Shares (Other Stock-Based
Awards) and Other Cash-Based Awards under the Plan to Eligible Persons, alone or in tandem with other Awards, in such amounts
as the Administrator shall from time to time determine. Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, which may
include conditions including, without limitation, the payment by the Participant of the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the date of
grant. Each Other Cash-Based Award granted under the Plan shall be evidenced in such form as the Administrator may determine from time
to time.

11.Changes
in Capital Structure and Similar Events. In the event of (a) any dividend (other than regular
cash dividends) or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or other property), recapitalization, stock
split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination, repurchase
or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to acquire Shares or other securities of
the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a Change in Control) that affects the Shares
or (b) unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without limitation, a Change in Control) affecting the Company, any Affiliate,
or the financial statements of the Company or any Affiliate, or changes in applicable rules, rulings, regulations or other requirements
of any governmental body or securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service, accounting principles or law, such that in any case
an adjustment is determined by the Administrator to be necessary or appropriate, then the Administrator shall (other than with respect
to Other Cash-Based Awards), to the extent permitted under Section 409A of the Code, make any such adjustments in such manner as
it may deem equitable, including, without limitation, any or all of the following:

(i)adjusting
any or all of (A) the number of Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other property)
that may be delivered in respect of Awards or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, without limitation,
adjusting any or all of the limitations under Section 5 of the Plan) and (B) the terms of any outstanding Award, including,
without limitation, (1) the number of Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or other
property) subject to outstanding Awards or to which outstanding Awards relate, (2) the exercise price with respect to any Award and/or
(3) any applicable performance measures (including, without limitation, Performance Conditions and performance periods);

(ii)providing
for a substitution or assumption of Awards (or awards of an acquired company), accelerating the delivery, vesting and/or exercisability
of, lapse of restrictions and/or other conditions on, or termination of, Awards or providing for a period of time (which shall not be
required to be more than ten days) for Participants to exercise outstanding Awards prior to the occurrence of such event (and any such
Award not so exercised shall terminate or become no longer exercisable upon the occurrence of such event); and

13

(iii)cancelling
any one or more outstanding Awards (or awards of an acquired company) and causing to be paid to the holders thereof, in cash, Shares,
other securities or other property, or any combination thereof, the value of such Awards, if any, as determined by the Administrator (which,
if applicable, may be based upon the price per Share received or to be received by other stockholders of the Company in such event), including,
without limitation, in the case of an outstanding Option or SAR, a cash payment in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair
Market Value (as of a date specified by the Administrator) of the Shares subject to such Option or SAR over the aggregate exercise price
of such Option or SAR, respectively (it being understood that, in such event, any Option or SAR having a per Share exercise price equal
to, or in excess of, the Fair Market Value (as of the date specified by the Administrator) of a Share subject thereto may be canceled
and terminated without any payment or consideration therefor);

provided,
however, that the Administrator shall make an equitable or proportionate adjustment to outstanding Awards to reflect any equity
restructuring (within the meaning of the Financial Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor pronouncement
thereto)). Except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, any adjustment in Incentive Stock Options under this Section 11 (other
than any cancellation of Incentive Stock Options) shall be made only to the extent not constituting a modification within
the meaning of Section 424(h)(3) of the Code, and any adjustments under this Section 11 shall be made in a manner that
does not adversely affect the exemption provided pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Any such adjustment hereunder,
upon notice, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes. In anticipation of the occurrence of any event listed in the first sentence
of this Section 11, for reasons of administrative convenience, the Administrator in its sole discretion may refuse to permit the
exercise of any Award or as it otherwise may determine during a period of up to 30 days prior to, and/or up to 30 days after, the anticipated
occurrence of any such event.

12.Effect
of Termination of Service or a Change in Control on Awards.

(a)Termination.
To the extent permitted under Section 409A of the Code, the Administrator may provide, by rule or regulation or in any applicable
Award Agreement, or may determine in any individual case, the circumstances in which, and to the extent to which, an Award may be exercised,
settled, vested, paid or forfeited in the event of the Participants termination of Service prior to the end of a performance period
or vesting, exercise or settlement of such Award.

(b)Change
in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator may
provide for: (i) continuation or assumption of such outstanding Awards under the Plan by the Company (if it is the surviving corporation)
or by the surviving corporation or its parent; (ii) substitution by the surviving corporation or its parent of awards with substantially
the same terms and value for such outstanding Awards (in the case of an Option or SAR, the Intrinsic Value at grant of such Substitute
Award shall equal the Intrinsic Value of the Award); (iii) acceleration of the vesting (including the lapse of any restrictions,
with any performance criteria or other Performance Conditions deemed met at such level of achievement as determined by the Administrator)
or right to exercise such outstanding Awards immediately prior to or as of the date of the Change in Control, and the expiration of such
outstanding Awards to the extent not timely exercised by the date of the Change in Control or other date thereafter designated by the
Administrator; or (iv) cancellation of any outstanding Award and payment to the Participant who holds such Award in an amount equal
to the Intrinsic Value of such Award (which may be equal to but not less than zero), which, if in excess of zero, shall be payable upon
the effective date of such Change in Control. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of a Change in Control, the Administrator may,
in its sole discretion, terminate any Option or SAR for which the exercise or hurdle price is equal to or exceeds the per Share value
of the consideration to be paid in the Change in Control transaction, without payment of consideration therefor.

14

13. Deferred
Awards. The Administrator is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law, to grant to Participants Deferred Awards, which
may be a right to receive Shares or cash under the Plan (either independently or as an element of or supplement to any other Award under
the Plan), including, as may be required by any applicable law or regulations or determined by the Administrator, in lieu of any annual
bonus, commission or retainer that may be payable to a Participant under any applicable, bonus, commission or retainer plan or arrangement.
The Administrator shall determine the terms and conditions of such Deferred Awards, including, without limitation, the method of converting
the amount of annual bonus into a Deferred Award, if applicable, and the form, vesting, settlement, forfeiture and cancellation provisions
or any other criteria, if any, applicable to such Deferred Awards. Shares underlying a Share-denominated Deferred Award, which is subject
to a vesting schedule or other conditions or criteria, including forfeiture or cancellation provisions, set by the Administrator shall
not be issued before the date that those conditions and criteria have been satisfied. Deferred Awards shall be subject to such restrictions
as the Administrator may impose (including any limitation on the right to vote a Share underlying a Deferred Award or the right to receive
any dividend or distribution equivalent or other right), which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such time or times,
in such installments or otherwise, as the Administrator may deem appropriate. The Administrator may determine the form or forms (including
cash, Shares, other Awards, other property or any combination thereof) in which payment of the amount owing upon settlement of any Deferred
Award may be made.

14. Amendments
and Termination.

(a)Amendment
and Termination of the Plan. The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any
time; provided that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination shall be made without stockholder
approval if such approval is necessary to comply with any tax or regulatory requirement applicable to the Plan (including, without limitation,
as necessary to comply with any applicable rules or requirements of any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on
which the Shares may be listed or quoted, for changes in GAAP to new accounting standards); provided, further, that any
such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant
or any holder or beneficiary of any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected
Participant, holder or beneficiary, unless the Administrator determines that such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance or
termination is either required or advisable in order for the Company, the Plan or the Award to satisfy any applicable law or regulation,
the NASDAQ listing guidelines or the rules of any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares
are listed or quoted. No Awards may be granted or awarded during any period of suspension, after termination of the Plan or after the
Expiration Date.

(b)Amendment
of Award Agreements. The Administrator may, to the extent not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, waive any conditions or rights
under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, any Award theretofore granted or the associated Award
Agreement, prospectively or retroactively (including after the Participants termination of Service); provided that any such
waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the
rights of any Participant with respect to any Award theretofore granted shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the
affected Participant unless the Administrator determines that such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation
or termination is either required or advisable in order for the Company, the Plan or the Award to satisfy any applicable law or regulation,
the NASDAQ listing guidelines or the rules of any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares
are listed or quoted; provided, further, that in the event the Company is no longer a controlled company (as
such term is defined under the rules of the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the
Shares are listed or quoted), except as otherwise permitted under Section 11 of the Plan, if (i) the Administrator reduces the
exercise price of any Option or of any SAR, (ii) the Administrator cancels any outstanding Option or SAR and replaces it with a new
Option or SAR (with a lower exercise price, as the case may be) or other Award or cash in a manner that would either (A) be reportable
on the Companys proxy statement or Form 10-K (if applicable) as Options that have been repriced (as such term
is used in Item 402 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act) or (B) result in any repricing for financial
statement reporting purposes (or otherwise cause the Award to fail to qualify for equity accounting treatment), (iii) take any other
action that is considered a repricing for purposes of the stockholder approval rules of the applicable securities exchange
or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Share is listed or quoted and/or (iv) cancel any outstanding Option or SAR that has
a per Share exercise price (as applicable) at or above the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of cancellation, and pay any consideration
to the holder thereof, whether in cash, securities or other property, or any combination thereof, then, in the case of the immediately
preceding clauses (i) through (iv), any such action shall not be effective without stockholder approval.

15

15. General.

(a)Award
Agreements; Other Agreements. Each Award (other than an Other Cash-Based Award) under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement,
which shall be delivered (whether in written or electronic form) to the Participant and shall specify the terms and conditions of the
Award and any rules applicable thereto. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and any Award Agreement or employment,
change-in-control, severance or other agreement in effect with the Participant, the Administrator shall determine the resolution of such
conflict.

(b)Nontransferability.

(i)Each
Award shall be exercisable only by the Participant during the Participants lifetime or, if permissible under applicable law or
the Plan, by the Participants legal guardian or representative or beneficiary or Permitted Transferee. No Award may be assigned,
alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent
and distribution or as set forth below in clause (ii), and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer
or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or an Affiliate; provided that the designation of a beneficiary
shall not constitute an assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance.

(ii)Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Administrator may permit Awards (other than Incentive Stock Options) to be transferred by the Participant, without
consideration, subject to such rules as the Administrator may adopt, to (A) any person who is a family member
of the Participant, as such term is used in the instructions to Form S-8 under the Securities Act or any successor form of registration
statements promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the Immediate Family Members);
(B) a trust solely for the benefit of the Participant or the Participants Immediate Family Members; (C) a partnership
or limited liability company whose only partners or stockholders are the Participant and the Participants Immediate Family Members;
or (D) any other transferee as may be approved either (1) by the Board or the Administrator or (2) as provided in the applicable
Award Agreement (each transferee described in clause (A), (B), (C) or (D) above is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted
Transferee); provided that the Participant gives the Administrator advance written notice describing the terms and conditions
of the proposed transfer and the Administrator notifies the Participant in writing that such a transfer would comply with the requirements
of the Plan.

16

(iii)The
terms of any Award transferred in accordance with the immediately preceding subsection shall apply to the Permitted Transferee, and any
reference in the Plan, or in any applicable Award Agreement, to the Participant shall be deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee,
except that, unless otherwise provided by the Administrator: (A) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to transfer any Award,
other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; (B) Permitted Transferees shall not be entitled to exercise any transferred
Option unless there shall be in effect a registration statement on an appropriate form covering the Shares to be acquired pursuant to
the exercise of such Option if the Administrator determines, consistent with any applicable Award Agreement, that such a registration
statement is necessary or appropriate; (C) the Administrator or the Company shall not be required to provide any notice to a Permitted
Transferee, whether or not such notice is or would otherwise have been required to be given to the Participant under the Plan or otherwise;
(D) the consequences of the termination of the Participants Services to the Company or an Affiliate under the terms of the
Plan and the applicable Award Agreement shall continue to be applied with respect to the transferred Award, including, without limitation,
that an Option shall be exercisable by the Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and for the periods, specified in the Plan and the
applicable Award Agreement; and (E) any non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement, non-disclosure or other restrictive
covenants contained in any Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate shall continue
to apply to the Participant and the consequences of the violation of such covenants shall continue to be applied with respect to the transferred
Award, including without limitation the clawback, forfeiture and detrimental conduct provisions of Section 15(u) of the Plan.

(c)Dividends
and Distribution Equivalents. The Administrator may specify in the Award Agreement that dividends or distributions (in the case of
Restricted Stock) or dividend or distribution equivalents (in the case of an Award other than Restricted Stock) may be credited with respect
an Award, either in cash or in additional Shares, and paid either on a current or deferred basis, and may be reinvested in additional
Shares, which may be subject to the same restrictions as such Award; provided, however, that, with respect to an Option
or SAR, (i) no dividend or distribution equivalents shall be credited following the date that such Award vests and (ii) any
dividend or distribution equivalents that are paid on a deferred basis shall be paid no later than the date that such Award vests.

(d)No
Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or an Award, and the Administrator shall
determine whether cash or other securities shall be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional Shares, or whether such fractional Shares
or any rights thereto shall be cancelled, terminated or otherwise eliminated.

(e)Tax
Withholding.

(i)The
Participant shall be required to pay to the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right (but not the
obligation) and is hereby authorized to withhold, from any cash, Shares, other securities or other property deliverable under any Award
or from any compensation or other amounts owing to the Participant, the amount (in cash, Shares, other securities or other property) of
any required withholding taxes (up to the maximum permissible withholding amounts) in respect of an Award, its exercise, or any payment
or transfer under an Award or under the Plan and to take such other action that the Administrator or the Company deems necessary to satisfy
all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes.

(ii)Without
limiting the generality of paragraph (i) above, the Administrator may permit the Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, the
foregoing withholding liability by (A) payment in cash, (B) the delivery of Shares (which Shares are not subject to any pledge
or other security interest) owned by the Participant having a Fair Market Value on such date equal to such withholding liability or (C) having
the Company withhold from the number of Shares otherwise issuable or deliverable pursuant to the exercise or settlement of the Award a
number of Shares with a Fair Market Value on such date equal to such withholding liability. In addition, subject to any requirements of
applicable law, the Participant may also satisfy the tax withholding obligations by other methods, including selling Shares that would
otherwise be available for delivery; provided that the Board or the Administrator has specifically approved such payment method
in advance.

17

(f)No
Claim to Awards; No Rights to Continued Service. No employee, Director of the Company, consultant providing Service to the Company
or an Affiliate, or other person shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award under the Plan or, having been selected for the
grant of an Award, to be selected for a grant of any other Award. There is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants or
holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions of Awards and the Administrators determinations and interpretations
with respect thereto need not be the same with respect to each Participant and may be made selectively among Participants, whether or
not such Participants are similarly situated. Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any Participant
any right to be retained in the Service of the Company or an Affiliate, or to continue in the Service of the Company or an Affiliate,
nor shall it be construed as giving any Participant who is a Director any rights to continued Service on the Board.

(g)International
Participants. With respect to Participants who reside or work outside of the United States or are subject to non-U.S. legal restrictions
or regulations, the Administrator may amend the terms of the Plan or appendices thereto, or outstanding Awards, with respect to such Participants,
in order to conform such terms with or accommodate the requirements of local laws, procedures or practices or to obtain more favorable
tax or other treatment for the Participant, the Company or its Affiliates. Without limiting the generality of this subsection, the Administrator
is specifically authorized to adopt rules, procedures and sub-plans with provisions that limit or modify rights on death, disability,
retirement or other terminations of Service, available methods of exercise or settlement of an Award, payment of income, social insurance
contributions or payroll taxes, withholding procedures and handling of any stock certificates or other indicia of ownership that vary
with local requirements. The Administrator may also adopt rules, procedures or sub-plans applicable to particular Affiliates or locations.

(h)Beneficiary
Designation. The Participants beneficiary shall be the Participants spouse (or domestic partner if such status is recognized
by the Company and in such jurisdiction) or, if the Participant is otherwise unmarried at the time of death, the Participants estate,
except to the extent that a different beneficiary is designated in accordance with procedures that may be established by the Administrator
from time to time for such purpose. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the absence of a beneficiary validly designated under such Administrator-established
procedures and/or applicable law who is living (or in existence) at the time of death of a Participant residing or working outside the
United States, any required distribution under the Plan shall be made to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant,
or to such other individual as may be prescribed by applicable law.

(i)Termination
of Service. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions related to the termination
of Service of a Participant. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator: (i) neither a temporary absence from Service due to
illness, vacation or leave of absence (including, without limitation, a call to active duty for military service through a Reserve or
National Guard unit) nor a transfer from Service with the Company to Service with an Affiliate (or vice versa) shall be considered a termination
of Service with the Company or an Affiliate; and (ii) if the Participants Service as an employee with the Company or its Affiliates
terminates, but such Participant continues to provide Services to such Company or such Affiliate in a non-employee capacity (including
as a non-employee Director) (or vice versa), such change in status shall not be considered a termination of Service with the Company or
an Affiliate for purposes of the Plan.

(j)No
Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan or any Award Agreement, no person shall be entitled
to the privileges of ownership in respect of Shares that are subject to Awards hereunder until such Shares have been issued or delivered
to that person.

18

(k)Government
and Other Regulations.

(i)Nothing
in the Plan shall be deemed to authorize the Board, the Administrator or any members thereof to take any action contrary to applicable
law or regulation, or rules of the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares
are listed or quoted.

(ii)The
obligation of the Company to settle Awards in Shares or other consideration shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations,
and to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be required. Notwithstanding any terms or conditions of any Award to the contrary,
the Company shall be under no obligation to offer to sell or to sell, and shall be prohibited from offering to sell or selling, any Shares
pursuant to an Award unless such Shares have been properly registered for sale pursuant to the Securities Act with the Securities and
Exchange Commission or unless the Company has received an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Company, that such Shares may be offered
for sale or sold without such registration pursuant to and in compliance with the terms of an available exemption. The Company shall be
under no obligation to register for sale under the Securities Act any of the Shares to be offered for sale or sold under the Plan. The
Administrator shall have the authority to provide that all Shares or other securities of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under
the Plan shall be subject to such stop-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator may deem advisable under the Plan,
the applicable Award Agreement, U.S. federal securities laws, or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission, any securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service upon which such Shares or other securities of the Company
are then listed or quoted and any other applicable federal, state, local or non-U.S. laws, rules, regulations and other requirements,
and, without limiting the generality of Section 9 of the Plan, the Administrator may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such
certificates of Shares or other securities of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under the Plan to make appropriate reference to such
restrictions or may cause such Shares or other securities of the Company or any Affiliate delivered under the Plan in book-entry form
to be held subject to the Companys instructions or subject to appropriate stop-transfer orders. Notwithstanding any provision in
the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator reserves the right to add any additional terms or provisions to any Award granted under the
Plan that it in its sole discretion deems necessary or advisable in order that such Award complies with the legal requirements of any
governmental entity to whose jurisdiction the Award is subject.

(iii)The
Administrator may cancel an Award or any portion thereof if it determines that legal or contractual restrictions and/or blockage and/or
other market considerations would make the Companys acquisition of Shares from the public markets, the Companys issuance
of Shares to the Participant, the Participants acquisition of Shares from the Company and/or the Participants sale of Shares
to the public markets illegal, impracticable or inadvisable. If the Administrator determines to cancel all or any portion of an Award
in accordance with the foregoing, unless prevented by applicable laws, the Company shall pay to the Participant an amount equal to the
excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such Award or portion thereof canceled (determined as of the
applicable exercise date, or the date that the Shares would have been vested or delivered, as applicable), over (B) the aggregate
exercise price (in the case of an Option or SAR) or any amount payable as a condition of delivery of Shares (in the case of any other
Award). Such amount shall be delivered to the Participant as soon as practicable following the cancellation of such Award or portion thereof.

19

(l)Payments
to Persons Other Than Participants. If the Administrator shall find that any person to whom any amount is payable under the Plan is
unable to care for such persons affairs because of illness or accident, or is a minor, or has died, then any payment due to such
person or such persons estate (unless a prior claim therefor has been made by a duly appointed legal representative or a beneficiary
designation form has been filed with the Company) may, if the Administrator so directs the Company, be paid to such persons spouse,
child or relative, or an institution maintaining or having custody of such person, or any other person deemed by the Administrator to
be a proper recipient on behalf of such person otherwise entitled to payment. Any such payment shall be a complete discharge of the liability
of the Administrator and the Company therefor.

(m)Nonexclusivity
of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor the submission of the Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval
shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable,
including, without limitation, the granting of stock options or awards otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either
applicable generally or only in specific cases.

(n)No
Trust or Fund Created. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind
or a fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Affiliate, on the one hand, and the Participant or other person or entity, on the
other hand. No provision of the Plan or any Award shall require the Company, for the purpose of satisfying any obligations under the Plan,
to purchase assets or place any assets in a trust or other entity to which contributions are made or to otherwise segregate any assets,
nor shall the Company maintain separate bank accounts, books, records or other evidence of the existence of a segregated or separately
maintained or administered fund for such purposes. Participants shall have no rights under the Plan other than as unsecured general creditors
of the Company.

(o)Reliance
on Reports. Each member of the Administrator and each member of the Board (and each such members respective designees) shall
be fully justified in acting or failing to act, as the case may be, and shall not be liable for having so acted or failed to act in good
faith, in reliance upon any report made by the independent, registered public accounting firm of the Company and its Affiliates and/or
any other information furnished in connection with the Plan by any agent of the Company, the Board or the Administrator, other than such
member or designee.

(p)Relationship
to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement,
profit-sharing, group insurance or other benefit plan of the Company except as otherwise specifically provided in such other plan.

(q)Governing
Law. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws
of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.

(r)Severability.
If any provision of the Plan or any Award or Award Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction or as to any person or entity or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the
Administrator, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws, or, if it cannot be construed or
deemed amended without, in the determination of the Administrator, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision
shall be construed or deemed stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or entity or Award, and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award
shall remain in full force and effect.

(s)Obligations
Binding on Successors. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization
resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding
to all or substantially all of the assets and business of the Company.

20

(t)Section 409A
of the Code.

(i)It
is intended that the Plan comply with Section 409A of the Code, and all provisions of the Plan shall be construed and interpreted
in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Each Participant is
solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed on or in respect of such Participant
in connection with the Plan or any other plan maintained by the Company, including any taxes and penalties under Section 409A of
the Code, and neither the Company nor any Affiliate shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold such Participant or any beneficiary
harmless from any or all of such taxes or penalties. With respect to any Award that is considered deferred compensation
subject to Section 409A of the Code, references in the Plan to termination of Service (and substantially similar phrases)
shall mean separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A
of the Code, each of the payments that may be made in respect of any Award granted under the Plan is designated as a separate payment.

(ii)Notwithstanding
anything in the Plan to the contrary, if the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of
the Code, no payments or deliveries in respect of any Awards that are deferred compensation subject to Section 409A
of the Code shall be made to such Participant prior to the date that is six months after the date of such Participants separation
from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code or, if earlier, the Participants date of death. All such
delayed payments or deliveries will be paid or delivered (without interest) in a single lump sum on the earliest date permitted under
Section 409A of the Code that is also a business day.

(iii)In
the event that the timing of payments in respect of any Award that would otherwise be considered deferred compensation subject
to Section 409A of the Code would be accelerated upon the occurrence of (A) a Change in Control, no such acceleration shall
be permitted unless the event giving rise to the Change in Control satisfies the definition of a change in the ownership or effective
control of a corporation, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of a corporation pursuant to Section 409A
of the Code and any Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, or (B) a Disability, no such acceleration shall be permitted unless
the Disability also satisfies the definition of disability pursuant to Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder.

(u)Clawback/Forfeiture.
The Administrator shall have full authority to implement any policies and procedures necessary to comply with Section 10D of the
Exchange Act and any rules promulgated thereunder and any other regulatory regimes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the Administrator may cancel an Award if the Participant, without the consent of the Company, (A) has engaged in or engages
in activity that is in conflict with or adverse to the interests of the Company or any Affiliate while providing Services to the Company
or any Affiliate, including fraud or conduct contributing to any financial restatements or irregularities or (B) violates a non-competition,
non-solicitation, non-disparagement, non-disclosure or other similar agreement with the Company or any Affiliate, as determined by the
Administrator, or if the Participants Service is terminated for Cause. In any such event the Administrator may determine that the
Participant will forfeit any compensation, gain or other value realized thereafter on the vesting, exercise or settlement of such Award,
the sale or other transfer of such Award, or the sale of Shares acquired in respect of such Award, and must promptly repay such amounts
to the Company. If the Participant receives any amount in excess of what the Participant should have received under the terms of the Award
for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculations or other administrative error),
all as determined by the Administrator, then the Participant shall be required to promptly repay any such excess amount to the Company.
In addition, the Company shall retain the right to bring an action at equity or law to enjoin the Participants activity and recover
damages resulting from such activity. Further, to the extent required by applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 304
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) and/or the rules and
regulations of the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the Shares are listed or quoted,
or if so required pursuant to a written policy adopted by the Company, Awards shall be subject (including on a retroactive basis) to clawback,
forfeiture or similar requirements (and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated by reference into all outstanding Award Agreements).

21

(v)No
Representations or Covenants with Respect to Tax Qualification. Although the Company may endeavor to (i) qualify an Award for
favorable U.S. or non-U.S. tax treatment or (ii) avoid adverse tax treatment, the Company makes no representation to that effect
and expressly disavows any covenant to maintain favorable or avoid unfavorable tax treatment. The Company shall be unconstrained in its
corporate activities without regard to the potential negative tax impact on holders of Awards under the Plan.

(w)No
Interference. The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreement and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect or restrict in any
way the right or power of the Company, the Board, the Administrator or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment,
recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Companys capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation
of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, warrants, or rights to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, or preferred or prior
preference stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Shares or the rights thereof or that are convertible into or exchangeable
for Shares, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Affiliate, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of their assets
or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise.

(x)Expenses;
Titles and Headings. The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Affiliates. The titles and headings
of the sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and, in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than
such titles or headings, shall control.

(y)Whistleblower
Acknowledgments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Plan or any Award Agreement will (i) prohibit
a Participant from making reports of possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity in accordance
with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Exchange Act or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or of any other whistleblower protection provisions of federal law or regulation, or (ii) require prior approval by
the Company or any of its Affiliates of any reporting described in clause (i).

(z)Lock-Up
Agreements. The Administrator may require a Participant receiving Shares pursuant to the Plan, as a condition precedent to receipt
of such Shares, to enter into a shareholder agreement or lock-up agreement in such form as the Administrator shall determine
is necessary or desirable to further the Companys interests.

(aa)Restrictive
Covenants. The Administrator may impose restrictions on any Award with respect to non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement,
non-disclosure or other restrictive covenants as it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion.

* * *

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>eh250596666_ex1007.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.7

February 28, 2025

Mr. David M. Cote

By email

Dear David:

In connection with the spin-off (the
Spin-Off) of Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. (Resolute Holdings) to shareholders of CompoSecure,
Inc. (CompoSecure), I am pleased to confirm our offer to you to become the Executive Chairman of Resolute Holdings
and assume the roles and positions described below. Following the Spin-Off, your employment will transfer to Resolute Holdings, while
you continue to provide services and dedicate time to CompoSecure in your current role as Executive Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer.
The effective date of your employment with Resolute Holdings will be the effective date of the Spin-Off (the Effective Date),
subject to the terms and conditions of this amended and restated letter agreement (this letter). You will also serve
as a director on the board of directors of Resolute Holdings (the Resolute Board) and will remain a director on the
board of directors of CompoSecure (the CompoSecure Board). Company, as used in this letter,
refers to CompoSecure, with respect to any services provided to CompoSecure and its subsidiaries, and Resolute Holdings, with respect
to any services provided to Resolute Holdings and its subsidiaries, as applicable.

ROLES, DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES

You will have duties, responsibilities
and obligations customarily assigned to similarly situated executives at comparable businesses, as reasonably and mutually determined
by you and the CompoSecure Board or the Resolute Board, as applicable. You will report to the CompoSecure Board or the Resolute Board,
as applicable.

During the Term (as defined in Exhibit
A), your principal office will be based in Anna Maria, FL.

You will continue to be entitled
to the following compensation and benefits package, as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Resolute Board.

COMPENSATION

Base
Salary. As of the Effective Date, your annual base salary will be $750,000, which will be paid by Resolute Holdings.

Annual Bonus. You will
be eligible, in the discretion of the Resolute Board, to receive an annual performance-based bonus with a target of 125% of base salary,
which will be paid by Resolute Holdings; eligibility for the annual performance-based bonus started when you initially commenced employment
with CompoSecure.

Annual Equity Awards. The equity
grant in the form of options to purchase common stock of CompoSecure (the Options) that you received in connection
with your offer of employment with CompoSecure will continue to vest under the terms of the CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Incentive Equity Plan
(as amended) and the applicable option award agreement in connection with your consultant and advisor services to CompoSecure, Inc. The
vesting of the Options will accelerate upon a termination of service without Cause, a termination due to death or disability or resignation
for Good Reason (each, as defined in Exhibit A hereto); provided, however, that the transfer of your employment to Resolute Holdings
pursuant to this letter shall not be deemed a termination of service for purposes of the accelerated vesting or forfeiture under the applicable
option award agreement and shall be adjusted as further described in the Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between CompoSecure
and Resolute Holdings. You will remain eligible for annual grants of Options or other equity incentive awards as determined by CompoSecure
or Resolute Holdings, as applicable.

You will not be entitled to any additional
compensation with respect to your service as a director on the CompoSecure Board or the Resolute Board.

OTHER EXECUTIVE
BENEFITS

You will also be entitled to the following
Executive Benefits:

Benefits: You will be eligible to participate in substantially the same plans
and programs made available by CompoSecure prior to the Spin-Off, and Resolute Holdings following the Spin-Off, to its employees generally
from time to time in accordance with their terms.

Vacation: You will be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation per calendar
year.

Severance: You will not be entitled to any severance cash payments or benefits
following termination of your employment for any reason.

Expenses: You will be reimbursed for your validly incurred reasonable business
expenses upon the proper completion and timely submission of requisite forms and receipts to the Company in accordance with the Companys
business expense reimbursement policy.

CONFIDENTIALITY
& INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Disclosure of Confidential Information.
You agree that you will, and will direct your attorneys, accountants, auditors, trustees, consultants, trustees, affiliates, advisors
and family members (collectively, Representatives), as applicable, who have access to Confidential Information (as
defined in Exhibit A hereto) to keep strictly confidential and not disclose any Confidential Information without the express consent
of the Company, unless one or more of the following circumstances applies, in which case, you will, and will direct your Representatives
to, disclose only the amount of Confidential Information required to be disclosed in order to satisfy such circumstance(s):

(i) such disclosure will be required by applicable law, governmental rule or regulation, court order, administrative
or arbitral proceeding or by any bank or insurance regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such party;

(ii) such disclosure is requested by a governmental authority;

(iii) such disclosure is reasonably required in connection with any tax audit involving the Company or any of
its affiliates; or

(iv) such disclosure is reasonably required in connection with any litigation against or involving the Company
or any of its affiliates.

You acknowledge and agree that Confidential
Information may be used by you and your Representatives only in connection with matters of the Company.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
nothing in this letter will prohibit you from (i) making reports of possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental
agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or
Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or of any other whistleblower protection provisions of federal law or regulation, (ii)
discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination, and (iii) disclosing
any trade secret (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney
and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) in a
complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding; nothing herein will require notification to, or
prior approval by, the Company of any reporting described in the preceding clauses (i), (ii) and (iii).

Works. You acknowledge that your work
on and contributions to documents, programs, methodologies, protocols and other expressions in any tangible medium (including, without
limitation, all business ideas and methods, inventions, innovations, developments, procedures or processes, market research, databases
and other works of authorship) which have been or will be prepared by you, or to which you have contributed or will contribute, in connection
with your services to CompoSecure or Resolute Holdings (collectively, Works), are and will be within the scope of
your employment and part of your duties and responsibilities. You agree that you hereby assign, grant and deliver exclusively and throughout
the world to Resolute Holdings all rights, titles and interests in and to any such Works.

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

Investment Opportunities. You
hereby agree that if an investment opportunity is presented to you and you believe in good faith such investment opportunity may be appropriate
for the Company and/or its affiliates, then you will first offer such investment opportunity to the Company and/or its affiliates, and
not pursue such investment opportunity unless the Company affirmatively declines to pursue such investment opportunity. You hereby agree
that following your permanent disability, voluntary retirement or departure from the Company, you will not pursue any such transaction
or investment opportunity or any other transaction or investment opportunity that you became aware of or that was otherwise discussed
prior to the effective date of such departure.

ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

Section 409A. The intent of the
parties is that the payments and benefits under this letter comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986 (the Code) and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A)
and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this letter will be interpreted to be in compliance therewith. You agree that you will
be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes, interest and penalties that may be imposed on you or for your account
in connection with any payment or benefit under this letter (including any taxes, interest and penalties under Section 409A), and the
Company will not have an obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold you (or any beneficiary successor or assign) harmless from any or all
such taxes, interest or penalties.

Section 280G. If a change in control
of the Company occurs and any payment or benefit made under this letter or any other agreements providing you rights to compensation or
equity would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, each payment or benefit
will be reduced to the maximum amount that does not trigger the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code unless you would be better
off (on an after-tax basis) receiving all payments and benefits and paying all excise and income taxes.

Withholding Taxes. Notwithstanding
anything else herein to the contrary, the Company may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise
due or payable under or pursuant to this letter such federal, state and local income, employment, or other taxes as may be required to
be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

Cooperation. You agree that upon termination
of employment for any reason, you will reasonably cooperate in assuring an orderly transition of all matters being handled by you and
will assist in any litigation proceedings if reasonably requested by the Company.

Representations. In accepting this
letter, you represent as follows: (i) you are not subject to any employment agreement or non-compete obligation that would preclude the
Company from employing or engaging you in your position; (ii) you will not disclose to the Company or otherwise use any trade secrets
or proprietary information from your prior places of employment, other
than those trade secrets transferred from CompoSecure to Resolute Holdings in connection with the Spin-Off; and (iii) you will not refer
to or otherwise solicit for employment at the Company any former coworkers or others in contravention of any non-solicitation obligations
still in effect.

Counterparts. This letter may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all
of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

Modification. This letter may not be
amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part), except by a formal, definitive written agreement expressly referring to this letter,
which agreement is executed by both of the parties hereto.

Governing Law. This letter will be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and
to be performed wholly therein, and without regard to the conflicts of laws principles that would result in the application of the laws
of another jurisdiction.

Entire Agreement. This letter supersedes
all prior and contemporaneous oral or written, express or implied understandings or agreements regarding your employment or engagement
with the Company or any of its affiliates, and contains the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding your employment or
engagement with the Company.

[Remainder of this page is intentionally left
blank]

ACCEPTANCE OF OFFER

Please indicate your acceptance of
this offer by signing this letter in the space provided and returning it via Adobe.

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT,
INC. 

/s/ Thomas R. Knott 

Thomas R. Knott 

Chief Executive Officer 

COMPOSECURE, L.L.C. 

/s/ Jonathan Wilk 

Jonathan Wilk 

Chief Executive Officer 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

/s/ David M. Cote 

David M. Cote 

February
28, 2025 

Date 

Signature Page to Offer Letter

EXHIBIT A

DEFINITIONS

Cause will mean:

(i) your conviction (after all appeals have been exhausted), guilty plea, or plea of
nolo contendere of or to, a felony charge;

(ii) your conviction (after all appeals have been exhausted), guilty plea, or plea of
nolo contendere of or to, a crime involving fraud or embezzlement that causes material harm to Resolute Holdings or its stockholders;
or

(iii) willful and continued abuse or neglect of your position that exists for thirty (30)
days after a majority of the Resolute Board delivers to you written demand that such abuse or neglect by you of your position cease and
desist, where such written demand specifically identifies the manner in which such majority of the Resolute Board believes that you have
so abused or neglected your position.

For purposes hereof, no act or failure
to act on your part will be considered willful abuse or neglect unless done or omitted to be done by you in bad faith or
without a reasonable belief that such act or omission was consistent with your responsibilities and in the best interest of Resolute Holdings.

Confidential
Information will mean all non-public information concerning the Company, its subsidiaries
and affiliates and their respective investment advisors and/or consultants, or any past and present officers, directors, partners, members,
shareholders, employees, business partners, attorneys, representatives, agents, predecessors, successors and assigns of the foregoing,
in each case, in whatever form such information is received, which includes, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, information
that is stored in documents, text, text messages, pictures, videos or voice recordings. Confidential Information includes, but is not
limited to, the following:

(i) performance of the businesses managed by the Company and its subsidiaries and/or
affiliates, the strategies or techniques utilized by the foregoing, and the substance of any conversations concerning the analysis undertaken,
actions taken or opinions expressed by personnel of the foregoing;

(ii) compensation of personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates
and financial information with respect to any of the foregoing;

(iii) proprietary technology, uses and techniques utilized within the Company and its
subsidiaries and/or affiliates, including source code, related algorithms, the form and format of output and their use and application
within the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates;

(iv) training materials developed by and/or provided to the Company and its subsidiaries
and/or affiliates;

(v) the financial performance of the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates,
including their respective revenues, expenses and earnings (to the extent not publicly disclosed);

(vi) any trade secret (as defined by applicable state law); and

(vii) any other information that you acquire as a result of your employment and that you
have a reasonable basis to believe the Company would not want disclosed to a competitor, the general public or any person that is not
an employee of the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates.

Confidential
Information will not include information that (x) is already available through publicly available sources of information (other than
as a result of disclosure by you in violation of this letter); (y) was available to you on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure;
or (z) becomes available to you on a non-confidential basis from a third-party.

A-1 

Good Reason means
any of the following actions taken by Resolute Holdings without your express written consent:

(i) any material reduction in your annual base salary, annual bonus opportunity or total
compensation opportunity;

(ii) any material diminution of your duties, responsibilities, authority, positions or
titles;

(iii) Resolute Holdings requiring you to be based at any location more than a 30 mile
radius from your primary office for Resolute Holdings; or

(iv) any material breach by Resolute Holdings of any material term or provision of this
letter;

provided, however, that
none of the events described in the foregoing clauses will constitute Good Reason unless you have notified Resolute Holdings in writing
describing the events that constitute Good Reason within 30 calendar days following the first occurrence of such events and then only
if Resolute Holdings fails to cure such events within 30 calendar days after the receipt of such written notice, and you will have terminated
your employment with Resolute Holdings promptly following the expiration of such cure period.

Term will mean
the period starting on the Effective Date and ending upon termination of your employment by you or by Resolute Holdings for any reason.

A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>eh250596666_ex1008.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.8
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.8

February 28, 2025

Mr. Thomas R. Knott

By email

Dear Thomas:

In connection with the spin-off (the
Spin-Off) of Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. (Resolute Holdings) to shareholders of CompoSecure,
Inc. (CompoSecure), I am pleased to confirm our offer to you to become the Chief Executive Officer of Resolute Holdings
and assume the roles and positions described below. Following the Spin-Off, your employment will transfer to Resolute Holdings, while
you continue to provide services and dedicate time to CompoSecure in your current role as Chief Investment Officer. The effective date
of your employment with Resolute Holdings will be the effective date of the Spin-Off (the Effective Date), subject
to the terms and conditions of this amended and restated letter agreement (this letter). You will also serve as a
director on the board of directors of Resolute Holdings (the Resolute Board) and will remain a director on the board
of directors of CompoSecure (the CompoSecure Board). Company, as used in this letter, refers
to CompoSecure, with respect to any services provided to CompoSecure and its subsidiaries, and Resolute Holdings, with respect to any
services provided to Resolute Holdings and its subsidiaries, as applicable.

ROLES, DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES

You will have duties, responsibilities
and obligations customarily assigned to similarly situated executives at comparable businesses, as reasonably and mutually determined
by you and the CompoSecure Board or the Resolute Board, as applicable. You will report to the Executive Chairman of Resolute Holdings
and the Executive Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer of CompoSecure, as applicable.

During the Term (as defined in Exhibit
A), your principal office will be based in New York, New York.

You will continue to be entitled
to the following compensation and benefits package, as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Resolute Board.

COMPENSATION

Base
Salary. As of the Effective Date, your annual base salary will be $750,000, which will be paid by Resolute Holdings.

Annual
Bonus. You will be eligible, in the discretion of the Resolute Board, to receive an annual performance-based bonus with a target of
100% of base salary, which will be paid by Resolute Holdings; eligibility for the annual performance-based bonus started when you initially
commenced employment with CompoSecure.

Annual Equity Awards.
The equity grant in the form of options to purchase common stock of CompoSecure (the Options) that you received
in connection with your offer of employment with CompoSecure will continue to vest under the terms of the CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Incentive
Equity Plan (as amended) and the applicable option award agreement in connection with your consultant and advisor services to CompoSecure,
Inc. The vesting of the Options will accelerate upon a termination of service without Cause, a termination due to death or disability
or resignation for Good Reason (each, as defined in Exhibit A hereto); provided, however, that the transfer of your
employment to Resolute Holdings pursuant to this letter, shall not be deemed a termination of service for purposes of the accelerated
vesting or forfeiture under the applicable option award agreement and shall be adjusted as further described in the Separation and Distribution
Agreement by and between CompoSecure and Resolute Holdings. You will remain eligible for annual grants of Options or other equity incentive
awards as determined by Resolute Holdings.

You will not be entitled
to any additional compensation with respect to your service as a director on the CompoSecure Board or the Resolute Board.

OTHER EXECUTIVE BENEFITS

You will also be entitled to the following
Executive Benefits:

Benefits: You will be eligible to participate in substantially the same plans
and programs made available by CompoSecure prior to the Spin-Off, and Resolute Holdings following the Spin-Off, to its employees generally
from time to time in accordance with their terms.

Vacation: You will be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation per calendar
year.

Severance: You will not be entitled to any severance cash payments or benefits
following termination of your employment for any reason.

Expenses: You will be reimbursed for your validly incurred reasonable business
expenses upon the proper completion and timely submission of requisite forms and receipts to the Company in accordance with the Companys
business expense reimbursement policy.

CONFIDENTIALITY &
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Disclosure of Confidential Information.
You agree that you will, and will direct your attorneys, accountants, auditors, trustees, consultants, trustees, affiliates, advisors
and family members (collectively, Representatives), as applicable, who have access to Confidential Information (as
defined in Exhibit A hereto) to keep strictly confidential and not disclose any Confidential Information without the express consent
of the Company, unless one or more of the following circumstances applies, in which case, you will, and will direct your Representatives
to, disclose only the amount of Confidential Information required to be disclosed in order to satisfy such circumstance(s):

(i) such disclosure will be required by applicable law, governmental rule or regulation, court order, administrative
or arbitral proceeding or by any bank or insurance regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such party;

(ii) such disclosure is requested by a governmental authority;

(iii) such disclosure is reasonably required in connection with any tax audit involving the Company or any of
its affiliates; or

(iv) such disclosure is reasonably required in connection with any litigation against or involving the Company
or any of its affiliates.

You acknowledge and agree that Confidential
Information may be used by you and your Representatives only in connection with matters of the Company.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
nothing in this letter will prohibit you from (i) making reports of possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental
agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or
Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or of any other whistleblower protection provisions of federal law or regulation, (ii)
discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination, and (iii) disclosing
any trade secret (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or
to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other
document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding; nothing herein will require notification to, or prior approval by,
the Company of any reporting described in the preceding clauses (i), (ii) and (iii).

Works. You acknowledge that your work
on and contributions to documents, programs, methodologies, protocols and other expressions in any tangible medium (including, without
limitation, all business ideas and methods, inventions, innovations, developments, procedures or processes, market research, databases
and other works of authorship) which have been or will be prepared by you, or to which you have contributed or will contribute, in connection
with your services to CompoSecure or Resolute Holdings (collectively, Works), are and will be within the scope of
your employment and part of your duties and responsibilities. You agree that you hereby assign, grant and deliver exclusively and throughout
the world to Resolute Holdings all rights, titles and interests in and to any such Works.

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

You acknowledge and agree that you
will be subject to the restrictive covenants attached hereto as Exhibit B.

ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

Section 409A. The intent of the
parties is that the payments and benefits under this letter comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986 (the Code) and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A)
and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this letter will be interpreted to be in compliance therewith. You agree that you will
be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes, interest and penalties that may be imposed on you or for your account
in connection with any payment or benefit under this letter (including any taxes, interest and penalties under Section 409A), and the
Company will not have an obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold you (or any beneficiary successor or assign) harmless from any or all
such taxes, interest or penalties.

Section 280G. If a change in control
of the Company occurs and any payment or benefit made under this letter or any other agreements providing you rights to compensation or
equity would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, each payment or benefit
will be reduced to the maximum amount that does not trigger the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code unless you would be better
off (on an after-tax basis) receiving all payments and benefits and paying all excise and income taxes.

Withholding Taxes. Notwithstanding
anything else herein to the contrary, the Company may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise
due or payable under or pursuant to this letter such federal, state and local income, employment, or other taxes as may be required to
be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

Cooperation. You agree that upon termination
of employment for any reason, you will reasonably cooperate in assuring an orderly transition of all matters being handled by you and
will assist in any litigation proceedings if reasonably requested by the Company.

Representations. In accepting this
letter, you represent as follows: (i) you are not subject to any employment agreement or non-compete obligation that would preclude the
Company from employing or engaging you in your position; (ii) you will not disclose to the Company or otherwise use any trade secrets
or proprietary information from your prior places of employment, other than those trade secrets transferred from CompoSecure to Resolute
Holdings in connection with the Spin-Off; and (iii) you will not refer to or otherwise solicit for employment at the Company any former
coworkers or others in contravention of any non-solicitation obligations still in effect.

Counterparts. This letter may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original as against any party whose signature
appears thereon, and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

Modification. This letter may not be
amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part), except by a formal, definitive written agreement expressly referring to this letter,
which agreement is executed by both of the parties hereto.

Governing Law. This letter will be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and
to be performed wholly therein, and without regard to the conflicts of laws principles that would result in the application of the laws
of another jurisdiction.

Entire Agreement. This letter supersedes
all prior and contemporaneous oral or written, express or implied understandings or agreements regarding your employment or engagement
with the Company or any of its affiliates, and contains the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding your employment or
engagement with the Company.

[Remainder of this page is intentionally left
blank]

ACCEPTANCE OF OFFER

Please indicate your acceptance of
this offer by signing this letter in the space provided and returning it via Adobe.

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT,
INC. 

/s/ David M. Cote 

David M. Cote 

Executive Chairman 

COMPOSECURE, L.L.C. 

/s/ Jonathan Wilk 

Jonathan Wilk 

Chief Executive Officer 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

/s/ Thomas R. Knott 

Thomas R. Knott 

February
28, 2025 

Date 

Signature Page to Offer Letter

EXHIBIT A

DEFINITIONS

Cause will mean:

(i) your conviction (after all appeals have been exhausted), guilty plea, or plea of
nolo contendere of or to, a felony charge;

(ii) your conviction (after all appeals have been exhausted), guilty plea, or plea of
nolo contendere of or to, a crime involving fraud or embezzlement that causes material harm to Resolute Holdings or its stockholders;
or

(iii) willful and continued abuse or neglect of your position that exists for thirty (30)
days after a majority of the Resolute Board delivers to you written demand that such abuse or neglect by you of your position cease and
desist, where such written demand specifically identifies the manner in which such majority of the Resolute Board believes that you have
so abused or neglected your position.

For purposes hereof, no act or failure
to act on your part will be considered willful abuse or neglect unless done or omitted to be done by you in bad faith or
without a reasonable belief that such act or omission was consistent with your responsibilities and in the best interest of Resolute Holdings.

Confidential Information
will mean all non-public information concerning the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective investment advisors
and/or consultants, or any past and present officers, directors, partners, members, shareholders, employees, business partners, attorneys,
representatives, agents, predecessors, successors and assigns of the foregoing, in each case, in whatever form such information is received,
which includes, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, information that is stored in documents, text, text messages, pictures,
videos or voice recordings. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, the following:

(i) performance of the businesses managed by the Company and its subsidiaries and/or
affiliates, the strategies or techniques utilized by the foregoing, and the substance of any conversations concerning the analysis undertaken,
actions taken or opinions expressed by personnel of the foregoing;

(ii) compensation of personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates
and financial information with respect to any of the foregoing;

(iii) proprietary technology, uses and techniques utilized within the Company and its
subsidiaries and/or affiliates, including source code, related algorithms, the form and format of output and their use and application
within the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates;

(iv) training materials developed by and/or provided to the Company and its subsidiaries
and/or affiliates;

(v) the financial performance of the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates,
including their respective revenues, expenses and earnings (to the extent not publicly disclosed);

(vi) any trade secret (as defined by applicable state law); and

(vii) any other information that you acquire as a result of your employment and that you
have a reasonable basis to believe the Company would not want disclosed to a competitor, the general public or any person that is not
an employee of the Company or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates.

Confidential
Information will not include information that (x) is already available through publicly available sources of information (other than
as a result of disclosure by you in violation of this letter); (y) was available to you on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure;
or (z) becomes available to you on a non-confidential basis from a third-party.

A-1 

Good Reason means
any of the following actions taken by Resolute Holdings without your express written consent:

(i) any material reduction in your annual base salary, annual bonus opportunity or total
compensation opportunity;

(ii) any material diminution of your duties, responsibilities, authority, positions or
titles;

(iii) Resolute Holdings requiring you to be based at any location more than a 30 mile
radius from your primary office for Resolute Holdings; or

(iv) any material breach by Resolute Holdings of any material term or provision of this
letter;

provided, however, that
none of the events described in the foregoing clauses will constitute Good Reason unless you have notified Resolute Holdings in writing
describing the events that constitute Good Reason within 30 calendar days following the first occurrence of such events and then only
if Resolute Holdings fails to cure such events within 30 calendar days after the receipt of such written notice, and you will have terminated
your employment with Resolute Holdings promptly following the expiration of such cure period.

Term will mean
the period starting on the Effective Date and ending upon termination of your employment by you or by Resolute Holdings for any reason.

A-2 

EXHIBIT B

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

1.Non-Competition. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you will not, at any time from the date hereof until the date that
is twelve (12) months after the date on which you cease to be an employee or service provider of the Company (the Non-Compete
Period), without the prior express written permission of the Company, directly or indirectly (either alone or jointly with
or on behalf of any third party and whether on such entitys own account or as a principal, partner, member, shareholder, director,
employee, consultant, agent or independent contractor for another person): (i) engage in any manner in any business, venture or activity
that competes, directly or indirectly, with any business of the Company, any of its affiliates or any of its affiliated investments (a
Competing Business), either in the United States or in any other place in the world; (ii) render any material services
unrelated to investments or investment management to a Competing Business if such services would be materially injurious to the financial
condition or business reputation of the Company or its affiliates; or (iii) acquire a financial interest in any Competing Business;
provided, however, that nothing in this Section 1 will prevent you from acquiring, solely as a passive investment and through
market purchases, less than 2% of the outstanding equity securities of any corporation that is registered under Section 12(b) of Section
12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or other entity that is registered under similar applicable law in any non-U.S.
jurisdiction and that is publicly traded so long as you are not part of any control group of such corporation. So that the Company may
enjoy the full benefit of the covenants contained in this Exhibit B, you further agree that the Non-Compete Period will be tolled,
and will not run, during the period of any breach by you of any of the covenants contained in this Exhibit B. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, restrictions under this Section 1 will not apply if you are terminated by the Company without Cause or if you resign for Good
Reason.

2.Non-Solicitation. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you will not, during the Non-Compete Period, directly or indirectly,
through any third-party (including through a fund, partnership, company or similar entity), without the prior express written permission
of the Company: (i) hire, solicit, recruit or induce (or attempt to hire, solicit, recruit or induce) any person (A) while he or
she is an employee, partner or member of the Company and/or any of its affiliates or (B) who was an employee, partner or member of
the Company and/or any of its affiliates at any time during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of termination of your employment
or engagement; or (ii) encourage any such person described in this Section 2 to terminate their employment, partnership or membership
with the Company and/or any of its affiliates; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2 will prohibit you from
making a general, public solicitation for employment (including via social media), or using an employee recruiting or search firm to conduct
a search that does not specifically target employees or other service providers to the Company and/or its affiliates (but you will be
prohibited from hiring or employing any such employee who responds to such solicitation or recruiting).

3.Non-Disparagement. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you will not directly or indirectly issue or communicate any public
statement, or statement likely to become public, that maligns, denigrates or disparages the Company or any directors, officers or employees
of the Company; provided, that you may (i) confer in confidence with your legal representatives, (ii) make truthful responses to
legal process or governmental inquiry and truthful statements required to correct any inaccurate or misleading statement made by others
regarding you or your employment with or other service to the Company, (iii) make normal commercial competitive-type statements in a competitive
business situation not based on your employment with the Company (to the extent such business situation does not otherwise violate the
terms of Sections 1 (Non-Competition) or 2 (Non-Solicitation)) and (iv) make statements in the good faith performance of your duties
to the Company; provided, further, that if you violate this Section 3 and such violation does not harm the Companys
business or reputation, such violation alone will not be a breach of this Section 3.

4.Investment Opportunities. You hereby acknowledge and agree that if an investment opportunity is presented to you and you
believe in good faith such investment opportunity may be appropriate for the Company and/or its affiliates, then you will first offer
such investment opportunity to the Company and/or its affiliates, and not pursue such investment opportunity unless the Company affirmatively
declines to pursue such investment opportunity. You further acknowledge and agree that if you cease to be an employee or service provider
of the Company for any reason, you will not pursue
any such transaction or investment opportunity or any other transaction that you became aware of or that was otherwise discussed while
you were employed or engaged by or otherwise affiliated with the Company and/or any of its affiliates.

B-1 

5.Severability. The covenants in this Exhibit B are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific
covenant will not affect the provisions of any other covenant. If any provision of this Exhibit B relating to the time period,
scope, or geographic area of the restrictive covenants will be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to exceed the
maximum time period, scope, or geographic area, as applicable, that such court or arbitrator deems reasonable and enforceable, then this
Exhibit B will automatically be considered to have been amended and revised to reflect such determination.

6.Independent Covenants. All of the covenants in this Exhibit B will be construed as an agreement independent of any
other provisions of this Exhibit B or of the letter to which it is attached, and the existence of any claim or cause of action
that you may have against the Company or any of its affiliates, whether predicated on this Exhibit B or otherwise, will not constitute
a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants.

7.Reasonableness.
By executing the letter to which this Exhibit B is attached, you acknowledge that you have carefully read and considered the provisions
of this Exhibit B and, having done so, agree that these restrictive covenants impose a fair and reasonable restraint on you and
are reasonably required to protect the Confidential Information, business and/or goodwill of the Company, its affiliates and their respective
officers, directors, employees, and equityholders.

B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>eh250596666_ex1009.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.9

February 28,
2025

Mr. Kurt
Schoen

By
email

Dear Kurt:

In connection with the spin-off (the Spin-Off) of Resolute
Holdings Management, Inc. (Resolute Holdings) to shareholders of CompoSecure, Inc. (CompoSecure), I am pleased
to confirm our offer to you to become the Chief Financial Officer of Resolute Holdings and assume the roles and positions described below.
Following the Spin-Off, your employment will transfer to Resolute Holdings, while you continue to provide services to CompoSecure.

The effective date of your employment with Resolute Holdings will be the
effective date of the Spin-Off (the Effective Date), subject to the terms and conditions of this amended and restated
letter agreement (this letter). Company, as used in this letter, refers to Resolute Holdings.

ROLES, DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES

You will have duties, responsibilities
and obligations customarily assigned to similarly situated employees at comparable businesses, as reasonably determined by the Executive
Chairman of Resolute Holdings.

During the Term (as defined in Exhibit
A), your principal office will be based in New York.

You will continue to be entitled
to the following compensation and benefits package, as approved by the Compensation Committee of the board of directors of Resolute Holdings
(the Resolute Board).

COMPENSATION

Base
Salary. As of the Effective Date, your annual base salary will be $500,000, which will be paid by Resolute Holdings.

Annual Bonus. You will
be eligible, in the discretion of the Resolute Board, to receive an annual performance-based bonus with a target of 100% of base salary,
which will be paid by Resolute Holdings; eligibility for the annual performance-based bonus started when you initially commenced employment
with CompoSecure.

Annual Equity Awards. The equity
grant in the form of restricted stock units of CompoSecure (the Sign-On RSUs) that you received in connection with
your offer of employment with CompoSecure will continue to vest under the terms of the CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Incentive Equity Plan (as
amended) and the applicable restricted stock unit award agreement in connection with your consultant and advisor services to CompoSecure,
Inc. and shall be adjusted as further described in the Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between CompoSecure and Resolute Holdings.
The vesting of the Sign-On RSUs will accelerate upon a termination due to death or disability. You will remain eligible for annual grants
of restricted stock units or other equity incentive awards as determined by Resolute Holdings.

OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

You will also be entitled to the following
Employee Benefits:

Benefits: You will be eligible to participate in substantially the same
plans and programs made available by CompoSecure prior to the Spin-Off, and Resolute Holdings following the Spin-Off, to its employees generally from time to time
in accordance with their terms.

Vacation: You will be entitled to four weeks of paid vacation per calendar
year.

Severance: Upon a termination by the Employer without Cause, you will be
entitled to 3 months base salary, payable in a lump sum as soon as practicable following termination of your employment, subject
to your execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in favor of the Employer in a form provided by the Employer and your compliance
with the restrictive covenants contained in this letter (including the restrictive covenants attached hereto as Exhibit B).

Expenses: You will be reimbursed for your validly incurred reasonable business
expenses upon the proper completion and timely submission of requisite forms and receipts to the Company in accordance with the Companys
business expense reimbursement policy.

CONFIDENTIALITY &
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Disclosure of Confidential Information.
You agree that you will, and will direct your attorneys, accountants, auditors, trustees, consultants, trustees, affiliates, advisors
and family members (collectively, Representatives), as applicable, who have access to Confidential Information (as
defined in Exhibit A hereto) to keep strictly confidential and not disclose any Confidential Information without the express consent
of the Company, unless one or more of the following circumstances applies, in which case, you will, and will direct your Representatives
to, disclose only the amount of Confidential Information required to be disclosed in order to satisfy such circumstance(s):

(i) such disclosure will be required by applicable law, governmental rule or regulation, court order, administrative
or arbitral proceeding or by any bank or insurance regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such party;

(ii) such disclosure is requested by a governmental authority;

(iii) such disclosure is reasonably required in connection with any tax audit involving the Company or any of
its affiliates; or

(iv) such disclosure is reasonably required in connection with any litigation against or involving the Company
or any of its affiliates.

You acknowledge and agree that Confidential
Information may be used by you and your Representatives only in connection with matters of the Company.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
nothing in this letter will prohibit you from (i) making reports of possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental
agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or
Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or of any other whistleblower protection provisions of federal law or regulation, (ii)
discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination, and (iii) disclosing
any trade secret (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney
and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) in a complaint or other document that
is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding; nothing herein will require notification to, or prior approval by, the Company of
any reporting described in the preceding clauses (i), (ii) and (iii).

Works. You acknowledge that your work
on and contributions to documents, programs, methodologies, protocols and other expressions in any tangible medium (including, without
limitation, all business ideas and methods, inventions, innovations, developments, procedures or processes, market research, databases
and other works of authorship) which have been or will be prepared by you, or to which you have contributed or will contribute, in connection with your services
to the Company (collectively, Works), are and will be within the scope of your employment and part of your duties
and responsibilities. You agree that you hereby assign, grant and deliver exclusively and throughout the world to the Company all rights,
titles and interests in and to any such Works.

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

You acknowledge and agree that you
will be subject to the restrictive covenants attached hereto as Exhibit B.

ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS

Section 409A. The intent of the
parties is that the payments and benefits under this letter comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986 (the Code) and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A)
and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this letter will be interpreted to be in compliance therewith. You agree that you will
be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes, interest and penalties that may be imposed on you or for your account
in connection with any payment or benefit under this letter (including any taxes, interest and penalties under Section 409A), and the
Company will not have an obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold you (or any beneficiary successor or assign) harmless from any or all
such taxes, interest or penalties.

Section 280G. If a change in control
of the Company occurs and any payment or benefit made under this letter or any other agreements providing you rights to compensation or
equity would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, each payment or benefit
will be reduced to the maximum amount that does not trigger the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code unless you would be better
off (on an after-tax basis) receiving all payments and benefits and paying all excise and income taxes.

Withholding Taxes. Notwithstanding
anything else herein to the contrary, the Company may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise
due or payable under or pursuant to this letter such federal, state and local income, employment, or other taxes as may be required to
be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

Cooperation. You agree that upon termination
of employment for any reason, you will reasonably cooperate in assuring an orderly transition of all matters being handled by you and
will assist in any litigation proceedings if reasonably requested by the Company.

Representations. In accepting this
letter, you represent as follows: (i) you are not subject to any employment agreement or non-compete obligation that would preclude the
Company from employing or engaging you in your position; (ii) you will not disclose to the Company or otherwise use any trade secrets
or proprietary information from your prior places of employment, other than those trade secrets transferred from CompoSecure to Resolute
Holdings in connection with the Spin-Off; and (iii) you will not refer to or otherwise solicit for employment at the Company any former
coworkers or others in contravention of any non-solicitation obligations still in effect.

Counterparts. This letter may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all
of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

Modification. This letter may not be
amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part), except by a formal, definitive written agreement expressly referring to this letter,
which agreement is executed by both of the parties hereto.

Governing Law. This letter will be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and
to be performed wholly therein, and without regard to the conflicts of laws principles
that would result in the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.

Entire Agreement.
This letter supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral or written, express or implied understandings or agreements regarding your
employment with the Company or any of its affiliates, and contains the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding your employment
with the Company.

[Remainder of this page is intentionally left
blank]

ACCEPTANCE OF OFFER

Please indicate your acceptance of
this offer by signing this letter in the space provided and returning it to via Adobe.

RESOLUTE HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT,
INC. 

/s/ Thomas R. Knott 

Thomas R. Knott 

Chief Executive Officer 

COMPOSECURE, L.L.C. 

/s/ Jonathan Wilk 

Jonathan Wilk 

Chief Executive Officer 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

/s/ Kurt Schoen 

Kurt Schoen 

February
28, 2025 

Date 

Signature Page to Offer Letter

EXHIBIT A

DEFINITIONS

Cause will mean:

(i) your breach of any employment or service contract with the Company (including this
letter);

(ii) your engagement in disloyalty to the Company, including, without limitation, fraud,
embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony or proven dishonesty;

(iii) disclosure of trade secrets or confidential information of the Company to any natural
person, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust, joint stock company, business trust, unincorporated association, joint
venture, governmental authority or other legal entity of any nature whatsoever not entitled to receive such information;

(iv) your breach of any written non-competition, non-solicitation, invention assignment
or confidentiality agreement between you and the Company; or

(v) your engagement in such other behavior that is detrimental to the interests of the
Company as determined by the Company.

Confidential Information
will mean all non-public information concerning the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective investment advisors
and/or consultants, or any past and present officers, directors, partners, members, shareholders, employees, business partners, attorneys,
representatives, agents, predecessors, successors and assigns of the foregoing, in each case, in whatever form such information is received,
which includes, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, information that is stored in documents, text, text messages, pictures,
videos or voice recordings. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, the following:

(i) performance of the businesses managed by the Company and its subsidiaries and/or
affiliates, the strategies or techniques utilized by the foregoing, and the substance of any conversations concerning the analysis undertaken,
actions taken or opinions expressed by personnel of the foregoing;

(ii) compensation of personnel of the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates
and financial information with respect to any of the foregoing;

(iii) proprietary technology, uses and techniques utilized within the Company and its
subsidiaries and/or affiliates, including source code, related algorithms, the form and format of output and their use and application
within the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates;

(iv) training materials developed by and/or provided to the Company and its subsidiaries
and/or affiliates;

(v) the financial performance of the Company and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates,
including their respective revenues, expenses and earnings (to the extent not publicly disclosed);

(vi) any trade secret (as defined by applicable state law), and

(vii) any other information that you acquire as a result of your employment and that you
have a reasonable basis to believe the Company would not want disclosed to a competitor, the general public or any person that is not
an employee of the Company or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates.

Confidential Information will not include
information that (x) is already available through publicly available sources of information (other than as a result of disclosure by you
in violation of this letter); (y) was available to you on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure; or (z) becomes available to
you on a non-confidential basis from a third-party.

Term will mean
the period starting on the Effective Date and ending upon termination of your employment by you or by Resolute Holdings for any reason.

A-1 

EXHIBIT B

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS

1.Non-Competition. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you will not, at any time from the date hereof until the date that
is twenty-four (24) months after the date on which you cease to be an employee or service provider of the Company (the Non-Compete
Period), without the prior express written permission of the Company, directly or indirectly (either alone or jointly with
or on behalf of any third party and whether on such entitys own account or as a principal, partner, member, shareholder, director,
employee, consultant, agent or independent contractor for another person): (i) engage in any manner in any business, venture or activity
that competes, directly or indirectly, with any business of the Company, any of its affiliates or any of its affiliated investments (a
Competing Business), either in the United States or in any other place in the world; (ii) render any material services
unrelated to investments or investment management to a Competing Business if such services would be materially injurious to the financial
condition or business reputation of the Company or its affiliates; or (iii) acquire a financial interest in any Competing Business;
provided, however, that nothing in this Section 1 will prevent you from acquiring, solely as a passive investment and through
market purchases, less than 2% of the outstanding equity securities of any corporation that is registered under Section 12(b) of Section
12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or other entity that is registered under similar applicable law in any non-U.S.
jurisdiction and that is publicly traded so long as you are not part of any control group of such corporation. So that the Company may
enjoy the full benefit of the covenants contained in this Exhibit B, you further agree that the Non-Compete Period will be tolled,
and will not run, during the period of any breach by you of any of the covenants contained in this Exhibit B.

2.Non-Solicitation. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you will not, during the Non-Compete Period, directly or indirectly,
through any third-party (including through a fund, partnership, company or similar entity), without the prior express written permission
of the Company: (i) hire, solicit, recruit or induce (or attempt to hire, solicit, recruit or induce) any person (A) while he or
she is an employee, partner or member of the Company and/or any of its affiliates or (B) who was an employee, partner or member of
the Company and/or any of its affiliates at any time during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of termination of your employment;
or (ii) encourage any such person described in this Section 2 to terminate their employment, partnership or membership with the Company
and/or any of its affiliates; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2 will prohibit you from making a general,
public solicitation for employment (including via social media), or using an employee recruiting or search firm to conduct a search that
does not specifically target employees or other service providers to the Company and/or its affiliates (but you will be prohibited from
hiring or employing any such employee who responds to such solicitation or recruiting).

3.Non-Disparagement. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you will not directly or indirectly issue or communicate any public
statement, or statement likely to become public, that maligns, denigrates or disparages the Company or any directors, officers or employees
of the Company; provided, that you may (i) confer in confidence with your legal representatives, (ii) make truthful responses to
legal process or governmental inquiry and truthful statements required to correct any inaccurate or misleading statement made by others
regarding you or your employment with or other service to the Company, (iii) make normal commercial competitive-type statements in a competitive
business situation not based on your employment with the Company (to the extent such business situation does not otherwise violate the
terms of Sections 1 (Non-Competition) or 2 (Non-Solicitation)) and (iv) make statements in the good faith performance of your duties
to the Company; provided, further, that if you violate this Section 3 and such violation does not harm the Companys
business or reputation, such violation alone will not be a breach of this Section 3.

4.Investment Opportunities. You hereby acknowledge and agree that if an investment opportunity is presented to you and you
believe in good faith such investment opportunity may be appropriate for the Company and/or its affiliates, then you will first offer
such investment opportunity to the Company and/or its affiliates, and not pursue such investment opportunity unless the Company affirmatively
declines to pursue such investment opportunity. You further acknowledge and agree that if you cease to be an employee of the Company for
any reason, you will not pursue any such transaction or investment opportunity or any other transaction that you became aware of or that
was otherwise discussed while you were employed or engaged by or otherwise affiliated with the Company and/or any of its affiliates.

B-1 

5.Severability. The covenants in this Exhibit B are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific
covenant will not affect the provisions of any other covenant. If any provision of this Exhibit B relating to the time period,
scope, or geographic area of the restrictive covenants will be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to exceed the
maximum time period, scope, or geographic area, as applicable, that such court or arbitrator deems reasonable and enforceable, then this
Exhibit B will automatically be considered to have been amended and revised to reflect such determination.

6.Independent Covenants. All of the covenants in this Exhibit B will be construed as an agreement independent of any
other provisions of this Exhibit B or of the letter to which it is attached, and the existence of any claim or cause of action
that you may have against the Company or any of its affiliates, whether predicated on this Exhibit B or otherwise, will not constitute
a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants.

7.Reasonableness.
By executing the letter to which this Exhibit B is attached, you acknowledge that you have carefully read and considered the provisions
of this Exhibit B and, having done so, agree that these restrictive covenants impose a fair and reasonable restraint on you and
are reasonably required to protect the Confidential Information, business and/or goodwill of the Company, its affiliates and their respective
officers, directors, employees, and equityholders.

B-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>rhld-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>rhld-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>rhld-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42458

Entity Registrant Name Resolute Holdings
Management, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0002039497

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-1246734

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 445 Park Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 5B

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 256-8405

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol RHLD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rhld.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

eh250596666_8k.htm 
rhld-20250228.xsd 
rhld-20250228_lab.xml 
rhld-20250228_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0000950142-25-000558-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>eh250596666_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002039497 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002039497 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
Resolute Holdings Management, Inc. 
DE 
001-42458 
33-1246734 
445 Park Avenue 
Suite 5B 
New York 
NY 
10022 
212 
256-8405 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
RHLD 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>