<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000857855-25-000015.txt : 20250211
<SEC-HEADER>0000857855-25-000015.hdr.sgml : 20250211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211095115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000857855-25-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000857855
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				581807304
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35095
		FILM NUMBER:		25607992

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. CAMPERDOWN WAY
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		18008222651

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 E. CAMPERDOWN WAY
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNION BANCSHARES INC /GA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ucbi-20250210.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?ucbi-20250210

0000857855false00008578552025-02-102025-02-100000857855us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-102025-02-100000857855ucbi:UCBISeriesINonCumulativePreferredStockMember2025-02-102025-02-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Georgia 001-35095 58-1807304

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission file number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

200 East Camperdown Way

Greenville, South Carolina29601

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including area code:

(800) 822-2651

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common stock, par value $1 per share UCB New York Stock Exchange

Depositary shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series I Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock UCB PRI New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

On February 10, 2025, the Talent and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee) of United Community Banks, Inc. (the Company) approved, and the Company entered into, an employment agreement with Richard W. Bradshaw, dated as of February 10, 2025 (the Employment Agreement). 

Under the terms of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Bradshaw will continue to serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer of the Company and President and Chief Banking Officer of United Community Bank, a South Carolina state-chartered bank and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Employment Agreement is effective as of February 10, 2025 for a one-year term that extends automatically for an additional year commencing on the first anniversary of the effective date and each annual anniversary thereafter, unless notice of nonrenewal is provided. Upon a change in control of the Company, the Change in Control Continuity Agreement, dated February 14, 2023 between the Company and Mr. Bradshaw will supersede the Employment Agreement.

Under the terms of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Bradshaws base salary is not less than $675,000, annual cash incentive opportunity at target is not less than 100% of base salary (the Target Incentive Award Opportunity) and annual long-term incentive award opportunity will have a target grant date fair value of not less than 125% of his base salary, with the annual incentive award and long-term incentive awards to be determined by the Committee pursuant to the terms of the applicable plans and on a basis and with terms consistent with other executive officers of the Company, although Mr. Bradshaws future long-term incentive awards will include vesting or continued vesting provisions that would apply upon his retirement on or after age 67.

Upon a termination of Mr. Bradshaws employment by the Company without cause (other than by reason of his death or disability) or by Mr. Bradshaw for good reason (as such terms are defined in the Employment Agreement), Mr. Bradshaw would be entitled to receive the following amounts and benefits, subject to the his execution and non-revocation of a release of claims against the Company and its affiliates: (i) a pro rata annual cash incentive award for the year in which the termination occurs based on the level of achievement of the applicable performance goals; (ii) an amount equal to the product of 1.5 and the sum of Mr. Bradshaws base salary and Target Incentive Award Opportunity; and (iii) an amount equal to the product of 18 and the sum of the monthly COBRA premium for the group health care plans based on the coverage applicable to Mr. Bradshaw prior to the date of termination. If Mr. Bradshaws employment is terminated due to death or disability, Mr. Bradshaw (or his estate) would be entitled to receive the amount in clause (i), plus, in the case of disability only, the amount in clause (iii). 

The Employment Agreement contains restrictive covenants, which provide for perpetual confidentiality and mutual nondisparagement and restrictions on interfering with customers and employees while employed and for one year and two years, respectively, following his termination of employment. 

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Employment Agreement attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.(d) Exhibits

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

10.1 

Employment Agreement between Richard W. Bradshaw and United Community Banks, Inc., dated as of February 10, 2025.

104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Melinda Davis Lux

Name: Melinda Davis Lux

Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

Date: February 10, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex101bradshawemploymentagr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of [, 2025], by and between United Community Banks, Inc., a Georgia corporation (the Company), and Richard W. Bradshaw (Executive).

WHEREAS, the Company has determined that it is the best interest of the Company and its affiliates, including the United Community Bank, a South Carolina state-chartered bank and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Bank) to continue the employment of Executive on the terms and conditions, and for the consideration, hereinafter set forth, and Executive is desirous of continuing his employment with the Company on such terms and conditions and for such consideration; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth below, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, it is hereby covenanted and agreed by Executive and the Company as follows:

1.Effective Date. This Agreement shall become binding and enforceable when accepted by Executive in the manner set forth for acceptance below, and the provisions of this Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above (the Effective Date).

2.Employment Period. The initial term (the Initial Employment Period) of Executives employment under this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and end on the first anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5; provided, however, that commencing on the first anniversary of the Effective Date, and on each annual anniversary thereafter (such date and each annual anniversary thereof shall be hereinafter referred to as an Extension Date), unless previously terminated consistent with the terms hereof, the Employment Period shall be automatically extended so as to terminate one (1) year from such Extension Date, unless either party gives at least ninety (90) days written notice to the other party, prior to such Extension Date, of its intention not to extend the Employment Period (the Initial Employment Period and each subsequent extension shall constitute the Employment Period).

3.Position and Duties; Standard of Services; Location.

(a)Position and Duties. During the Employment Period, Executive shall (i) serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer of the Company and President and Chief Banking Officer of the Bank or in such other executive position at the Company or one of its subsidiaries as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, with such authority, powers, duties and responsibilities as are commensurate with such positions and as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer or the board of directors of the Company (the Board) consistent with such positions, and (ii) report directly to the Chief Executive Officer.

(b)Standard of Services. During the Employment Period, Executive shall devote his full business time, energies and talents to serving in the position described in Section 3(a), and he shall perform his duties faithfully and efficiently subject to the directions of the Chief Executive Officer and the Board. During the Employment Period, Executive may serve on civic, charitable or other not-for-profit boards or committees, deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions, manage personal investments and, 

subject to the prior written approval of the Board or a committee thereof, serve on boards of for-profit entities, in each case, so long as such activities do not interfere with the performance of Executives responsibilities in accordance with this Agreement and Executive complies with applicable provisions of any codes of business conduct and ethics of the Company and the Bank, as in effect from time to time. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be subject to the codes of business conduct and ethics of the Company and the Bank and such other policies of the Company and the Bank, as in effect from time to time. 

(c)Location. During the Employment Period, Executives principal place of employment shall be the Companys headquarters in Greenville, South Carolina, or such other location mutually agreed upon between the Board and Executive.

4.Compensation. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, during the Employment Period, while Executive is employed by the Company, the Company shall compensate Executive for his services as follows:

(a)Base Salary. Executive shall receive an annual base salary (Annual Base Salary) of no less than $675,000. Executives Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee) pursuant to its normal performance review policies for senior executives and may be increased but not decreased (other than in connection with a temporary across-the-board reduction applied to Executive on the same basis as applied to other executive officers of the Company). The term Annual Base Salary as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as in effect from time to time. Such Annual Base Salary shall be payable in monthly or more frequent installments in accordance with the Companys payroll policies.

(b)Annual Cash Incentive Award. With respect to each fiscal year of the Company ending during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual cash incentive award (the Incentive Award) with a target opportunity of not less than 100% of his Annual Base Salary for the applicable fiscal year (the Target Incentive Award Opportunity) and in accordance with the terms of the annual cash incentive plan applicable to executive officers of the Company. The Incentive Award will be determined by the Compensation Committee on the same basis as incentive award determinations are made for other executive officers of the Company and subject to the achievement of any performance goals established by the Compensation Committee with respect to such fiscal year. Any earned Incentive Award shall be paid to Executive pursuant to the terms of the applicable incentive plan; provided, however, that any such Incentive Award for a fiscal year shall be paid to Executive no later than the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the close of such fiscal year. The term Target Incentive Award Opportunity as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to the Target Incentive Award Opportunity as in effect from time to time. 

(c)Annual Long-Term Incentive Awards. With respect to each fiscal year of the Company ending during the Employment Period, Executive shall be granted annual long-term incentive awards with a target grant date fair value of not less than 125% of his Annual Base Salary (the Target LTI Award Opportunity). The grant timing, form and terms and conditions (including with respect to performance determinations) of such long-term incentive awards will be no less favorable than those applicable to other executive officers of the Company; provided that such awards will contain terms that provide for (i) full vesting (without proration) with respect to any service-based vesting requirement in connection with Executives retirement from the Company on or after age sixty-seven (67), which vesting shall be implemented as determined by the Compensation Committee either as immediate or continued vesting and, in the case of any performance vesting awards, which vesting may be contingent on 

-2-

the determination of the level of achievement of the applicable performance goals (determined on a basis no less favorable than as applies to similar awards held by other executive officers of the Company), (ii) the settlement of any such awards that are deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code to occur at a time consistent with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and (iii) in the case of any outstanding stock options held by Executive, a post-termination exercise period equal to the then-remaining full term of the option. For the avoidance of doubt, for the period prior to a change in control, awards granted prior to the Effective Date shall have the definition of good reason and the procedures and/or standards applicable to cause and good reason as specified in the Award Agreement (for the period prior to a change in control) and not the definition of Good Reason and procedures and/or standards applicable to Cause and Good Reason set forth herein.

(d)Employee Benefits and Perquisites. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be provided with employee benefits and perquisites on a basis no less favorable than such benefits and perquisites are provided by the Company to other executive officers of the Company (other than the Chief Executive Officer), as in effect from time to time.

(e)Expense Reimbursement. During the Employment Period, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by him in the performance of his duties in accordance with the Companys policies applicable to other executive officers (other than the Chief Executive Officer) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 9(j)(ii).

(f)Indemnification and D&O Insurance. The Company will indemnify Executive to the fullest extent permitted by law and under the charter and bylaws of the Company. Executive shall be covered by any directors and officers insurance that the Company shall have in effect from time to time, both during and after the period of his service to the Company for so long as the potential for liability exists, on terms no less favorable than those applicable to other directors and officers of the Company.

5.Termination of Employment.

(a)Death or Disability. Executives employment shall terminate automatically upon Executives death during the Employment Period. If the Board determines in good faith that the Disability of Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability set forth below), it may provide Executive with written notice in accordance with Section 9(c) of its intention to terminate Executives employment. In such event, Executives employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the thirtieth (30th) day after receipt of such notice by Executive (the Disability Effective Date); provided that, within thirty (30) days after such receipt, Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of Executives duties. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean Executives inability to perform his employment duties due to his permanent and total disability as determined by a physician reasonably acceptable to the Company.

(b)Cause. The Company may terminate Executives employment during the Employment Period either with or without Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean:

(i)Executives continued intentional failure or refusal to materially abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement or perform substantially Executives assigned duties (other than as a result of total or partial mental or physical incapacity) 

-3-

(ii)Executives engagement in willful misconduct, including without limitation, fraud, embezzlement, theft or dishonesty, in the course of Executives employment with the Company 

(iii)Executives conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or a crime (other than a felony) that involves moral turpitude or a breach of trust or fiduciary duty owed to the Company or any of its affiliates 

(iv)a material breach of the restrictive covenants in this Agreement; or 

(v)a material breach of the Companys Code of Conduct or another written policy of the Company applicable to Executive, that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, material harm to the Company, including reputational harm. 

(vi)For purposes of this provision, no act or failure to act, on the part of Executive, shall be considered willful or intentional unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that Executives action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act or failure to act based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. To invoke a termination with Cause, the Company shall provide written notice to Executive of the existence of one or more of the conditions described in clauses (i) through (v) within thirty (30) days following the Boards actual knowledge of the existence of such condition or conditions, specifying in reasonable detail the conditions constituting Cause, and Executive shall have thirty (30) days following receipt of such written notice (the Executive Cure Period) during which it may remedy the condition (other than events described in clause (iii)) if such condition is reasonably subject to cure. In addition, in the case of a termination of Executives employment with Cause other than as described in clause (iii) above, the cessation of employment of Executive shall not be deemed to be with Cause, unless and until there shall have been delivered to Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the members of the Board other than Executive at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to Executive and Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that, in the good-faith opinion of the Board, Executive is guilty of the conduct described in clause (i), (ii), (iv) or (v) above, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail.

(c)Good Reason. Executives employment may be terminated by Executive during the Employment Period with or without Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean, in the absence of the written consent of Executive:

(i)a reduction in Executives Annual Base Salary (other than a temporary reduction as permitted under Section 4(a)); 

(ii)a material reduction in Executives Target Incentive Award Opportunity or Target LTI Award Opportunity; 

-4-

(iii)a change by thirty-five (35) miles or more in Executives principal work location from the location specified in this Agreement; or 

(iv)any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of this Agreement. 

To invoke a termination with Good Reason, Executive shall provide written notice to the Company of the existence of one or more of the conditions described in clauses (i) through (iv) within thirty (30) days following the initial existence of such condition or conditions, specifying in reasonable detail the conditions constituting Good Reason, and the Company shall have thirty (30) days following receipt of such written notice (the Company Cure Period) during which it may remedy the condition if such condition is reasonably subject to cure. If the Company fails to remedy the condition constituting Good Reason during the applicable Company Cure Period, Executives separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) must occur, if at all, within sixty (60) days following such Company Cure Period for such termination as a result of such condition to constitute a termination with Good Reason. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, a temporary suspension of Executives duties, authorities, employment or other roles hereunder not in excess of ninety (90) days by the Board based upon the Boards good-faith judgment that such suspension is warranted pending investigation of any material allegations relating to the conduct of Executive or the conduct of the Company that may implicate Executive shall not give rise to Good Reason.

(d)Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company with Cause, or by Executive with Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 9(c). For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice that (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executives employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the termination date (which date shall be not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice or thirty (30) days after the end of the Company Cure Period, if applicable, in the case of a termination by Executive with Good Reason). The failure by Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of Executive or the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude Executive or the Company, respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing Executives or the Companys rights hereunder.

(e)Date of Termination. For purposes of this Agreement, Date of Termination means (i) if Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause, or by Executive without Good Reason, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date specified therein within thirty (30) days of such notice, as the case may be; (ii) if Executives employment is terminated by Executive with Good Reason, a date that is no later than thirty (30) days after the Company Cure Period, if applicable; (iii) if Executives employment is terminated by the Company with Cause, the Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies Executive of such termination (which shall not be until after the expiration of Executive Cure Period); and (iv) if Executives employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be.

-5-

6.Obligations of the Company upon Termination of Employment.

(a)Resignation by Executive with Good Reason or Termination by the Company without Cause. If, during the Employment Period, Executives employment is terminated (x) by Executive with Good Reason or (y) by the Company without Cause (and other than due to his death or Disability), subject to Executives execution, delivery to the Company and non-revocation of a release of claims substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A (the Release) within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination (except with respect to the payment of Accrued Obligations and Other Benefits (as such terms are defined below)), and in consideration for Executives compliance with the restrictive covenants, the Company shall pay to Executive within thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Release (except as otherwise required by law or provided below) or provide, as applicable, the following:

(i)a lump-sum cash payment within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination consisting of: (A) Executives Annual Base Salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid; (B) any Incentive Award earned by Executive for a prior fiscal year of the Company, but not yet paid to Executive (or, if not determined, an Incentive Award determined on the same basis as other executive officers of the Company with any individual performance goals to be deemed achieved at not less than target); (C) any accrued and unused paid time off to the extent not theretofore paid; and (D) any unreimbursed business expenses incurred prior to the Date of Termination (the sum of the amounts described in clauses (A), (B), (C), and this clause (D) shall be hereinafter referred to as the Accrued Obligations); provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive has made an irrevocable election under any deferred compensation arrangement subject to Section 409A of the Code to defer any portion of the Annual Base Salary or the Incentive Award described in clause (A) or (B), then for all purposes of this Section 6 (including Sections 6(b) and 6(c)), such deferral election, and the terms of the applicable deferred compensation arrangement shall apply to the same portion of the amount described in such clause (A) or (B), and such portion shall not be considered as part of the Accrued Obligations but shall instead be an Other Benefit (as defined below);

(ii)a prorated Incentive Award in respect of the fiscal year of the Company in which the Date of Termination occurs, with such amount to equal the product of (A) the Incentive Award for the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs earned based on the Target Incentive Award Opportunity for such year and actual performance (as determined by the Compensation Committee on the same basis as such determinations are made for other executive officers of the Company and with Executives individual performance factors or criteria, if applicable, to be deemed satisfied at no less than target level), and (B) a fraction, (1) the numerator of which is the number of days in the fiscal year of the Company in which the Date of Termination occurs through the Date of Termination, and (2) the denominator of which is the total number of days in such fiscal year (the Prorated Incentive Award), which Prorated Incentive Award shall be paid in a lump sum in cash at the time annual bonuses are paid to other executive officers of the Company generally (or, if later, as soon as reasonably practicable after the effective date of the Release), but in no event earlier than the date of any irrevocable election applicable to such Prorated Incentive Award under any deferred compensation arrangement subject to Section 409A of the Code;

(iii)a lump-sum cash payment equal to the product of (A) 1.5 multiplied by (B) the sum of Executives Annual Base Salary in effect immediately prior to such termination of employment and the Target Incentive Award Opportunity (whether payable in cash or equity) for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs (or if not yet established, for the immediately preceding fiscal year);

-6-

(iv)a lump-sum cash payment equal to the monthly premium cost for the continuation of healthcare coverage (including dental and vision) under Section 4980B of the Code based on the coverage applicable to Executive (and his dependents) immediately prior to the Date of Termination (the COBRA Amount), multiplied by eighteen (18); and

(v)to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company shall timely pay or provide to Executive any other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which Executive is eligible to receive under any plan, program, policy, practice, contract or agreement of the Company and its affiliates through the Date of Termination (such other amounts and benefits shall be hereinafter referred to as the Other Benefits) in accordance with the terms of the underlying plans or agreements.

(b)Termination Due to Death or Disability. If Executives employment is terminated by reason of Executives death or by the Company due to Disability during the Employment Period, Executive or his estate or beneficiary, as applicable, will be entitled to the Accrued Obligations, the timely payment or provision of the Other Benefits, the Prorated Incentive Award, and the COBRA Amount (only in the case of Disability), which payments and benefits will be provided consistent with the timing applicable upon a termination without Cause and shall be subject to the effectiveness of a Release by Executive (or his legal representative, in the case of his Disability or his estate in the case of his death), to the extent that an effective Release is a condition to the payment of any such amounts or benefits under Section 6(a). 

(c)Termination by the Company with Cause; Resignation by Executive without Good Reason. If, during the Employment Period, Executives employment is terminated by the Company with Cause or by Executive without Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive, other than the obligation to pay or provide (i) the Accrued Obligations (paid as set forth in Section 6(a)(i)) and (ii) the Other Benefits (paid in accordance with the provisions of the applicable plans).

(d)Effect of Termination on Other Positions. If, on the Date of Termination, Executive is a member of the Board or the board of directors of any of the Companys subsidiaries, or holds any other position with the Company or its subsidiaries, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all such positions as of the Date of Termination. Executive agrees to execute such documents and take such other actions as the Company may request to reflect such resignation.

(e)Full Settlement. The payments and benefits provided under this Section 6 (including, without limitation, the Other Benefits) shall be in full satisfaction of the Companys obligations to Executive upon his termination of employment, notwithstanding the remaining length of the Employment Period, and in no event shall Executive be entitled to severance benefits (or other damages in respect of a termination of employment or claim for breach of this Agreement) beyond those specified in this Section 6. 

(f)Non-Exclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit Executives continuing or future participation in any plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its affiliates and for which Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as Executive may have under any other contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Executives resignation under this Agreement with or without Good Reason shall in no way affect Executives ability to terminate employment by reason of Executives retirement under, or to be eligible to receive benefits under, any compensation and benefits plans, programs or arrangements of the Company or any of its affiliates, including, without 

-7-

limitation, any retirement or pension plans or arrangements or substitute plans adopted by the Company or any of its affiliates or their respective successors, and any termination that otherwise qualifies as Good Reason shall be treated as such even if it is also a retirement for purposes of any such plan.

7.No Mitigation; No Offset. The Companys obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action that the Company may have against Executive or others. In no event shall Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement, and such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not Executive obtains other employment.

8.Restrictive Covenants.

(a)Confidential Information. Executive agrees that, during his employment with the Company or any Subsidiary (as defined below) and at all times thereafter, he will not disclose Confidential Information (as defined below), except as necessary to carry out Executives duties as an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary or as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall impair Executives right under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable federal law or regulation or, for the avoidance of doubt, limit Executives right to receive an award for the information provided to any government authority under such law or regulation.

(b)Defend Trade Secrets. The Defend Trade Secrets Act (18 U.S.C. 1833(b)) states: An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Accordingly, Executive shall have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. Executive shall also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

(c)Return of Company Property. Executive agrees that upon his termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall promptly return to the Company any keys, credit cards, passes, confidential documents or material, or other property belonging to the Company, and Executive shall also return all writings, files, records, correspondence, notebooks, notes and other documents and things (including any copies thereof) containing Confidential Information, in each case in Executives possession, except for any personal diaries, calendars, rolodexes or personal notes or correspondence. Executive agrees to represent in writing to the Company upon termination of employment that he has complied with the foregoing provisions of this Section 8(c).

(d)Cooperation. Executive agrees to make himself available, attend meetings, give testimony, and otherwise cooperate with the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective advisors as reasonably requested regarding any business matters in which Executive was involved or any litigation, arbitration, administrative proceedings, investigations or other 

-8-

matters of a similar nature involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of which Executive had knowledge or is alleged to have had knowledge. Executive shall provide any address changes to the Company in a written notice given in accordance with Section 9(c). The Company shall provide reimbursement to Executive for reasonable expenses associated with this provision.

(e)Mutual Nondisparagement. Executive and the Company each agree that neither Executive nor the Company will make any public statements that materially disparage the other party. The Company shall not be liable for any breach of its obligations under this Section 8(e) if it informs its directors and executive officers, as such term is defined in Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, of the content of its covenant hereunder and takes reasonable measures to ensure that such individuals honor the Companys agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8(e) shall prohibit Executive or the Company from making truthful statements when required by order of a court or other governmental or regulatory body having jurisdiction or to enforce any legal right, including, without limitation, the terms of this Agreement.

(f)Nonsolicitation. Executive agrees that, while he is employed by the Company or any Subsidiary and (i) during the two (2)-year period following the Date of Termination, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, individually, or on behalf of any Person (as defined below), other than the Company or a Subsidiary solicit or induce, or in any manner attempt to solicit or induce, any individual employed by or providing services to the Company or any Subsidiary (as of the date of such solicitation or during the six (6) months prior thereto) to leave such employment or service, whether or not such employment or service is pursuant to a written contract with the Company or any Subsidiary or is at will, or (ii) during the one (1)-year period following the Date of Termination, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, individually, or on behalf of any Person other than the Company or a Subsidiary solicit any Customers (as defined below) for the purpose of providing services identical to or reasonably substitutable for the Companys Business (as defined below).

(g)Equitable Remedies. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of this Section 8 are reasonable as to time, scope and territory given the Companys need to protect its and its Subsidiaries Confidential Information and its and their relationships and goodwill with its and their customers, suppliers, employees, and contractors, all of which have been developed at great time and expense to the Company. Executive represents that he has the skills and abilities to obtain alternative employment after the Date of Termination that would not violate the covenants in this Section 8 and that these covenants do not pose an undue hardship on Executive. Executive further acknowledges that Executives breach of any of the covenants in this Section 8 would likely cause irreparable injury to the Company, and therefore entitles the Company, in addition to any other remedies available in law or equity, to a preliminary injunction, temporary restraining order, or other equivalent relief, restraining Executive from any actual or threatened breach of any such covenants. If a bond is required to be posted for the Company to secure an injunction or other equitable remedy, the parties agree that said bond need not be more than a nominal sum. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the provisions in Section 8(e) are reasonable and appropriate and that Executive shall have the same rights and remedies with respect to enforcement against the Company as are available to the Company under this Section 8(g). 

(h)Severability; Blue Pencil. Executive acknowledges and agrees that he has had the opportunity to seek advice of counsel in connection with this Agreement, and the restrictive covenants contained herein are reasonable in geographical scope, temporal duration and in all other respects. If it is determined that any provision of this Section 8 is invalid or 

-9-

unenforceable, the remainder of the provisions of this Section 8 shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect, without regard to the invalid portions. If any court or other decision-maker of competent jurisdiction determines that any of the covenants in this Section 8 is unenforceable because of the duration or geographic scope of such provision, then after such determination becomes final and unappealable, the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, shall be reduced so that such provision becomes enforceable, and in its reduced form, such provision shall be enforced. For purposes of this Section 8, references to the Company shall include its Subsidiaries as of the Date of Termination, whether or not specified, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise.

(i)For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified below:

(i)Companys Business means the business of operating a commercial or retail bank, savings association, mutual thrift, credit union, trust company, securities brokerage, wealth management, insurance agency or equipment financing business.

(ii)Confidential Information means information, without regard to form, relating to the Companys or any Subsidiarys customers, operation, finances, and business that has value to the Company or any Subsidiary, that is not generally known to competitors of the Company or a Subsidiary, and that Executive became aware of due to Executives employment with the Company. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, technical or nontechnical data (including personnel data), formulas, patterns, compilations (including compilations of customer information), programs, devices, methods, techniques, processes, financial data, or lists of actual or potential customers (including identifying information about customers), whether or not in writing. Confidential Information includes information disclosed to the Company or any Subsidiary by third parties that the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated to maintain as confidential. Confidential Information subject to this Agreement may include information that is not a trade secret under applicable law.

(iii)Customers means all Persons that (1) Executive serviced or solicited on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary during the twenty-four (24) months prior to the Date of Termination, (2) whose dealings with the Company or any Subsidiary were coordinated or supervised, in whole or in part, by Executive during the twenty-four (24) months prior to the Date of Termination, or (3) about whom Executive obtained Confidential Information during the twenty-four (24) months prior to the Date of Termination, as a result of Executives association with the Company.

(iv)Person means any individual, corporation, bank, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, or other entity.

(v)Subsidiary means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity during any period in which at least a 50% voting or profits interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any successor to the Company. 

9.Miscellaneous.

(a)Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives.

-10-

(b)Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The parties irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of either the Superior Court of Union County, Georgia, or the federal court sitting in or for Northern District of Georgia with respect to any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and each party irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such dispute or proceeding shall be heard and determined in such courts. The parties hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that they may now or hereafter have to the venue of any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby brought in such court or any defense of inconvenient forum for the maintenance of such dispute or proceeding. Each party agrees that a judgment in any such dispute may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT OR ASSERTED BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGAINST THE OTHER ON ANY MATTERS WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

(c)Notices. Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or prepaid overnight courier to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or such other addresses as shall be specified by the parties by like notice):

If to the Company:

United Community Banks, Inc.

200 East Camperdown Way

Greenville, SC 29601

Attention: General Counsel

If to Executive: At the most recent address on file with the Company.

Each party, by written notice furnished to the other party, may modify the applicable delivery address, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. Such notices, demands, claims and other communications shall be deemed given in the case of delivery by overnight service with guaranteed next-day delivery, the next day or the day designated for delivery; or in the case of certified or registered U.S. mail, five days after deposit in the U.S. mail; provided, however, that in no event shall any such communications be deemed to be given later than the date they are actually received. 

(d)Withholding. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

(e)Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance shall to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those to which it is invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

-11-

(f)Waiver of Breach. No waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by any other party, or of compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, will operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other party of any similar or dissimilar provisions and conditions at the same or any prior or subsequent time. The failure of any party hereto to take any action by reason of such breach will not deprive such party of the right to take action at any time while such breach continues. 

(g)Survivorship. Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement or Executives employment, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

(h)Section Headings; Construction. The section headings used in this Agreement are included solely for convenience and shall not affect, or be used in connection with, the interpretation hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, the term including shall mean including, without limitation.

(i)Entire Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any other employment agreement or understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than the Change in Control Continuity Agreement between Executive and the Company dated as of February 14, 2023 (the CIC Continuity Agreement), which shall remain in effect during the Employment Period (unless otherwise terminated in accordance with its terms) and shall supersede this Agreement as of the CIC Effective Date (as defined in the CIC Continuity Agreement). 

(j)Section 409A.

(i)General. It is intended that payments and benefits made or provided under this Agreement shall not result in penalty taxes or accelerated taxation pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. Any payments that qualify for the short-term deferral exception, the separation pay exception or another exception under Section 409A of the Code shall be paid under the applicable exception. For purposes of the limitations on nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, each payment of compensation under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment of compensation. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a separation from service under Section 409A of the Code to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of penalty taxes on Executive pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. In no event may Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment under this Agreement, and to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, any payment that may be paid in more than one (1) taxable year shall be paid in the later taxable year.

(ii)Reimbursements and In-Kind Benefits. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement that are subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be made in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (A) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred during Executives lifetime (or during a shorter period of time specified in this Agreement); (B) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year; (C) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made no later than the last day of the calendar year 

-12-

following the year in which the expense is incurred; and (D) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

(iii)Delay of Payments. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is considered a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code (as determined in accordance with the methodology established by the Company and its affiliates as in effect on the Date of Termination), any payment that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code that is otherwise due to Executive under this Agreement during the six (6)-month period immediately following Executives separation from service on account of Executives separation from service shall instead be paid on the first (1st) business day of the seventh (7th) month following Executives separation from service (the Delayed Payment Date), to the extent necessary to prevent the imposition of tax penalties on Executive under Section 409A of the Code. If Executive dies during the postponement period, the amounts and entitlements delayed on account of Section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the personal representative of Executives estate on the first to occur of the Delayed Payment Date or thirty (30) calendar days after the date of Executives death. 

(k)Successors. 

(i)This Agreement is personal to Executive and, except as provided in Section 9(k)(ii), without the prior written consent of the Company, shall not be assignable by Executive, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement and any rights and benefits hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executives legal representatives, heirs or legatees. This Agreement and any rights and benefits hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.

(ii)The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise. 

(l)Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

[Signature Page Follows]

-13-

IN WITNESS THEREOF, the Company and Executive have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered, effective as of the Effective Date.

UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.

By: ____________________________________

Name: H. Lynn Harton

Title: Chairman, President and Chief Executive 

Officer

EXECUTIVE

_______________________________________

Richard W. Bradshaw

[Signature Page to Employment Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

[COMPANY LETTERHEAD]

[First Name Last Name

Street Address

City, State Zip]

[DATE]

Dear [EMPLOYEE]:

This Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of the date listed below, by and between United Community Banks, Inc. (the Company) and Richard W. Bradshaw (Executive) regarding Executives cessation of employment with the Company.

Upon execution, this Agreement shall constitute a binding general release of claims (the General Release). We advise that if Executive has any questions regarding his rights and the General Release contained in this Agreement, Executive should consult an attorney prior to executing this document. If Executive agrees to the terms of this Agreement, Executive should sign this Agreement and return it to the individual listed below on or after the Date of Termination (as defined below) but no later than twenty-one (21) days from the date of this Agreement.

United Community Banks, Inc.

200 East Camperdown Way

Greenville, SC 29601

ATTENTION: General Counsel 

1.Executives employment will cease on [DATE] (the Date of Termination). In accordance with the terms of Executives employment agreement with the Company, dated [DATE] (the Employment Agreement), Executive will receive the severance benefits available to Executive under the Employment Agreement as set forth in Schedule I hereto in exchange for the execution of this Agreement, which will release all claims that have been or could be made by Executive relative to Executives employment with, or termination by, the Company.

2.Restrictions in Employment Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the provisions in Section 8 of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. 

3.Consideration of Agreement. Executive represents that: (a) Executive has had sufficient time to consider Executives options regarding this Agreement; (b) Executive has been provided with accurate and complete information regarding the benefits that are available to Executive under the terms of this Agreement; (c) Executive has not been subjected to any threats, intimidation, or coercion by the Company in connection with this Agreement; and (d) the terms of this Agreement have been written in a manner that Executive understands.

A-1

4.Not an Admission. This Agreement shall not be construed as an admission by any person or entity that he, she or it has acted wrongfully with respect to Executive or any other person, or that Executive has any claims whatsoever against any person or entity, and the Company specifically disclaims any liability for wrongful acts against Executive or any other person, on the part of itself and its officers, directors, employees or agents.

5.General Release. Executive hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits, and forever discharges the Company and its affiliates, and their officers, directors, partners, members, shareholders, representatives, agents, attorneys, and employees and each of the affiliates, predecessors, successors and assigns, and family members of the aforementioned (collectively, the Releasees) from any and all rights, claims, charges, demands, obligations, causes of action, promises, agreements, controversies, liens, damages and liabilities of every kind based upon any past action, omission or event, whether known or unknown, and whether or not in litigation that Executive may have or that could be asserted by another on Executives behalf, based on any action, omission or event relating to Executives employment with the Company and/or the cessation thereof through the date Executive executes this Agreement. The General Release includes actions claiming violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq., the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Immigration and Reform Control Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Act, and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, each as amended, or any other federal, state or local law, regulation, ordinance or common law, or under any policy, agreement, understanding or promise, written or oral, formal or informal, between Executive and the Company or any of the Releasees. The General Release also includes any claims for wrongful discharge or that the Company or any of the other Releasees has dealt with Executive unfairly or in bad faith, and any actions raising tortious claims or any claim of express or implied contract of employment or any other cause of action or claims of violation of common law. The General Release is for any and all relief, without regard to its form or characterization. Included in the General Release are any and all claims for attorneys fees and for future damages allegedly arising from the alleged continuation of the effects of any past action, omission or event. Executive further represents that Executive will not be entitled to or accept any personal recovery in any action or proceeding that may be commenced on his behalf arising out of the matters released hereby.

6.Exclusions from General Release. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Release shall not release the Company from: (a) any obligations under the Employment Agreement as set forth in Schedule I to this Agreement; (b) any obligations regarding any rights of Executive as a current or former officer, director or employee of the Company or its affiliates to indemnification under the terms of the Employment Agreement, the Companys bylaws or charter or any insurance policy or other agreement under which Executive is entitled to indemnification or directors and officers liability coverage; (c) any claims or causes of action that cannot legally be waived, including, but not limited to, any claim for earned but unpaid wages, workers compensation benefits, unemployment benefits, and vested 401(k) benefits; (d) any claims that may arise in the future from events or actions occurring after the Date of Termination; and (e) any claims as the holder or beneficial owner of securities (or other rights relating to securities, including equity awards) of the Company or its affiliates. By signing this Agreement, Executive represents that Executive has not commenced or joined in any claim, charge, action or proceeding whatsoever against the Company or any of the Releasees arising out of or relating to any of the matters set forth in this paragraph. 

A-2

7.Entire Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that any prior representations, promises or agreements between Executive and the Company relating to the subject matter of this Agreement are hereby extinguished, that there are no oral or written representations, promises or agreements between the parties other than those set forth in this Agreement, and that this constitutes the entire and only agreement on the subject matters covered in this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement is not intended to extinguish any provisions of the Employment Agreement that are required to survive following the Date of Termination to carry out the intentions of the parties under the Employment Agreement.

8.Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be declared or determined by any court to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the validity of the remaining parts, terms or provisions shall not be affected and each remaining part, term or provision shall be legal, valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, and any illegal, invalid or unenforceable part, term or provision shall be deemed not to be a part of this Agreement.

9.Jurisdiction/Choice of Law/Waiver of Jury Trial. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to the conflict of law provisions of any state. Both parties hereby waive any right to a jury trial.

10.Acknowledgment. By signing this document, in addition to releasing all claims described herein, in accordance with the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, Executive is aware of and agrees to the following:

a. Executive has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement;

b. Executive was given at least twenty-one (21) days to consider the actual terms of this Agreement; Executive understands that Executive must deliver a signed copy of this Agreement to the Company in the care of: [ ];

c. Executive understands that Executive may revoke this Agreement within seven (7) calendar days from the date of signing, in which case this Agreement shall be null and void and of no force and effect on the Company or Executive; and

d. Executive understands that this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the seven (7)-day revocation period has expired. Executive further understands and acknowledges that, to be effective, the revocation must be in writing, delivered to [ ], on or before the seventh (7th) calendar day after Executive signs this Agreement.

A-3

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS A GENERAL RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF YOUR EMPLOYMENT.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

A-4

I have read this Agreement, and I am fully aware of the legal effects of this Agreement. I have chosen to execute this Agreement freely, without reliance upon any promises or representations made by the Company other than those contained in this Agreement, and I understand that, under the terms of this Agreement, I will receive payments provided under the Employment Agreement as set forth on Schedule I, less applicable tax withholdings, in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement following the date on which this Agreement becomes irrevocable as described above.

EXECUTIVE 

Dated: 

A-5

SCHEDULE 1

SEVERANCE BENEFITS

Payment or Benefit Amount Payment Timing 

Accrued Obligations

(not subject to Release): 

$[] (Base Salary) 

$[] (Unpaid Incentive Award) 

$[] (Accrued Vacation) 

$[] (Unreimbursed Expenses) 

Severance Payment: $[] 

Prorated Incentive Award: $[] 

COBRA Amount: $[] 

Other Benefits 

(not subject to Release): [To be specified as applicable] 

S-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ucbi-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ucbi-20250210_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ucbi-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Common stock, par value $1 per share 
Common Stock [Member] 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 
Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Depositary shares, each representing 1/1000th interest in a share of Series I Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock 
UCBI Series I Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock [Member] 
UCBI Series I Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock Member 

Entity Listings [Table] 
Entity Listings [Table] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ucbi-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page

Feb. 10, 2025

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000857855

Amendment Flag false

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code GA

Entity File Number 001-35095

Entity Tax Identification Number 58-1807304

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 East Camperdown Way

Entity Address, City or Town Greenville

Entity Address, State or Province SC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 29601

City Area Code 800

Local Phone Number 822-2651

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common stock, par value $1 per share 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $1 per share

Trading Symbol UCB

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Depositary shares, each representing 1/1000th interest in a share of Series I Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series I Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol UCB PRI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityListingsLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ucbi_UCBISeriesINonCumulativePreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://ucbi.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ucbi-20250210.htm 
ucbi-20250210.xsd 
ucbi-20250210_def.xml 
ucbi-20250210_lab.xml 
ucbi-20250210_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000857855-25-000015-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ucbi-20250210_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000857855 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000857855 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000857855 

ucbi:UCBISeriesINonCumulativePreferredStockMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0000857855 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. 
GA 
001-35095 
58-1807304 
200 East Camperdown Way 
Greenville 
SC 
29601 
800 
822-2651 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $1 per share 
UCB 
NYSE 
Depositary shares, each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series I Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock 
UCB PRI 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>