<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000891103-25-000030.txt : 20250303
<SEC-HEADER>0000891103-25-000030.hdr.sgml : 20250303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250303091031
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000891103-25-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Match Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000891103
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				592712887
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34148
		FILM NUMBER:		25694340

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8750 NORTH CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75231
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2145769352

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8750 NORTH CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75231

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IAC/INTERACTIVECORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040712

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERACTIVECORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030623

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	USA INTERACTIVE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020508
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>mtch-20250228.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?mtch-20250228

0000891103false00008911032025-02-282025-02-28

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 28, 2025

MATCH GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-34148 59-2712887

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission 

File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

8750 North Central Expressway, Suite 1400

Dallas, TX75231

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (214) 576-9352

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 MTCH The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Chief Operating Officer Appointment

On February 28, 2025, Hesam Hosseini was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer of Match Group, Inc. (the Company), effective April 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), in addition to his current role as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Evergreen & Emerging Brands. 

Mr. Hosseini, age 40, has served as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Evergreen & Emerging Brands, since February 2023. Prior to that, he held various positions with the Company since February 2013, including Chief Executive Officer, Match and Match Affinity, from December 2017 to February 2023; Chief Executive Officer, PlentyOfFish, from January 2016 to December 2017; and General Manager, New Initiatives, from February 2013 to January 2016. Mr. Hosseini began his career serving as a Business Analyst for McKinsey & Company. He received a BBA from The University of Western Ontario. 

There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Hosseini and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Hosseini was selected as an officer. There are no transactions in which Mr. Hosseini has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

In connection with the appointment of Mr. Hosseini as the Companys Chief Operating Officer, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Hosseini (the Hosseini Employment Agreement), which will take effect on the Effective Date. The material terms and conditions of the Hosseini Employment Agreement are summarized below. Unless otherwise specified, capitalized terms used but not defined below shall have the meanings set forth in the Hosseini Employment Agreement.

The Hosseini Employment Agreement has a scheduled term of one year from the Effective Date and provides for automatic renewals for successive one-year terms absent written notice from the Company or Mr. Hosseini. The Hosseini Employment Agreement provides that, during the term, Mr. Hosseini will be eligible to receive (i) an annual base salary of $635,000, (ii) discretionary annual cash bonuses based on achievement of performance goals targeted at 150% of Mr. Hosseinis annual base salary, (iii) equity awards as determined from time to time and (iv) customary health and retirement benefits.

In the event Mr. Hosseinis employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than by reason of death or disability), due to the Companys Non-Renewal of the employment term, or by Mr. Hosseini for Good Reason (a Qualifying Termination), in any case after the Effective Date, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a release and compliance with the post-termination covenants described below, Mr. Hosseini will be entitled to:

salary continuation for 12 months from the date of such Qualifying Termination, payable in equal installments;

a payment equal to his target annual bonus prorated based on the number of days employed during the fiscal year;

accelerated vesting of the portion of any outstanding and unvested equity awards that would have vested through the first anniversary of the date of such Qualifying Termination, provided that any equity awards that are subject to outstanding and unsatisfied performance conditions shall vest only to the extent such performance conditions are satisfied on or prior to the first anniversary of the date of termination; and

Company-paid coverage under the Companys group health plan or monthly payments necessary to cover the full premiums for continued coverage under the Companys plan through COBRA, which payments will be grossed up for applicable taxes, for up to 12 months following the date of such Qualifying Termination (but ceasing once equivalent employer-paid coverage is otherwise available to Mr. Hosseini).

Pursuant to the Hosseini Employment Agreement, Mr. Hosseini is bound by covenants not to compete with the Company and not to solicit Company employees or business partners during the term of his employment and for 12 months thereafter. Mr. Hosseini has also agreed not to use or disclose any confidential information of the Company or its affiliates and to be bound by customary covenants relating to proprietary rights and the related assignment of such rights.

This description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Hosseini Employment Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

President Resignation

On February 28, 2025, Gary Swidler, the Companys President, gave notice to the Company of his intention to terminate his employment with the Company effective as of July 4, 2025. On March 1, 2025, the Company and Mr. Swidler entered into a third amendment (the Amendment) to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Mr. Swidler, dated as of June 9, 2022 (as amended, the Swidler Employment Agreement), pursuant to which he will step down from his position as President of the Company on April 1, 2025, following which he will continue to serve as an employee advisor to the Company until July 4, 2025. The other terms and conditions of the Swidler Employment Agreement remain unchanged.

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. The Swidler Employment Agreement was previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 10, 2022, the first amendment thereto was previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2023, and the second amendment thereto was previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2024.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 

Employment Agreement between Match Group, Inc. and Hesam Hosseini, dated effective April 1, 2025.

10.2 

Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Match Group, Inc. and Gary Swidler, dated March 1, 2025.

104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MATCH GROUP, INC.

By: /s/ Sean Edgett

Sean Edgett

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Date: March 3, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>mtch8-k20250228ex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT BETWEEN HESAM HOSSEINI AND MATCH GROUP, INC.
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (Agreement) is entered into by and between Hesam Hosseini (Executive) and Match Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and is effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below).

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive are party to (i) that certain Offer Letter, dated as of December 2, 2022 (the Offer Letter), pursuant to which Executive serves as the CEO, Evergreen & Emerging Brands; and (ii) that certain At-Will, Confidentiality & Inventions Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2008 (the At-Will Agreement and, together with the Offer Letter, the Prior Agreements).

WHEREAS, from and after the Effective Date, the Company and Executive mutually desire to terminate, replace and supersede each Prior Agreement and to continue the services of Executive, in the capacity described below, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and Executive is willing to accept such employment on such terms and conditions.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, Executive and the Company have agreed and do hereby agree as follows:

1. EMPLOYMENT; POSITION; LOCATION. During the Term (as defined below), the Company shall employ Executive, and Executive shall be employed, as the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Executive Officer, Evergreen & Emerging Brands, of the Company. During Executives employment with the Company, Executive shall do and perform all services and acts reasonably necessary or advisable to fulfill the duties and responsibilities as are commensurate and consistent with Executives position and shall render such services on the terms set forth herein. During Executives employment with the Company, Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the Reporting Officer). Executive shall have such powers and duties with respect to the Company as are commensurate and consistent with Executives position and as may reasonably be assigned to Executive by the Reporting Officer, to the extent consistent with Executives position. Executive agrees to devote substantially all of Executives working time, attention and efforts to the Company and to perform the duties of Executives position in accordance with the Companys written policies as in effect from time to time. During the Term, Executives principal place of employment shall be at the Companys offices located in Dallas, Texas, except for travel to other locations as necessary to fulfill Executives duties and responsibilities to the Company and remote work consistent with applicable Company policy, as in effect from time to time. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may (i) participate in civic and charitable activities, (ii) subject to prior consultation with the Reporting Officer and any Company policies regarding service on boards of directors of other entities, serve on the board of directors of non-competitive entities, and (iii) manage Executives and Executives immediate familys personal investments. 

2. TERM; EFFECTIVENESS. This Agreement, and Executives employment hereunder, shall, subject to Section 13 below and further subject to and conditioned upon Executives 

continued employment with the Company in good standing through April 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of one (1) year following the Effective Date (the Initial Term), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If not earlier terminated, the term of employment hereunder shall automatically be renewed for successive one (1)-year periods on each of (a) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) on each successive anniversary of the Effective Date thereafter (each successive one (1)-year renewal term, together with the Initial Term, the Term), unless either party hereto provides written notice to the other, at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the applicable Term, that it elects not to extend the Term, which notice shall be irrevocable (any such notice, a Non-Renewal Notice). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Executives employment hereunder is at will and may be terminated by the Company or Executive at any time for any reason or for no reason, with or without Cause (as defined below), subject to the provisions of Section 1 of the Standard Terms and Conditions attached as Exhibit A hereto (the Standard Terms and Conditions). For clarity, if Executives employment with the Company terminates for any reason prior to the Effective Date, this Agreement (including without limitation the Standard Terms and Conditions) shall not take effect and neither party hereto shall have any rights, interests or obligations hereunder, provided, however, that during the period of Executives continued employment with the Company prior to the Effective Date, the terms and conditions of such employment shall continue to be governed in all respects by the Prior Agreements until the Effective Date. 

3. COMPENSATION.

(a) BASE SALARY. During the Term, the Company shall pay Executive an annual base salary of $635,000 (the Base Salary), pro-rated for any partial year of employment hereunder. The Base Salary shall be payable in equal biweekly installments (or, if different, in accordance with the Companys payroll practice as in effect from time to time, but no less often than monthly). The Base Salary may be increased from time to time in the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) or its Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the Committee). For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Base Salary shall refer to the Base Salary as in effect from time to time. 

(b) DISCRETIONARY BONUS. For each calendar year ending during the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive a discretionary annual cash bonus, payable at the same time as bonuses are paid generally to other executives at the Company, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the year with respect to which such bonuses are payable. The target amount of the annual bonuses shall be equal to 150% of Executives Base Salary (the Target Bonus), with the actual amount (which could be less or greater than the target amount above), if any, in all cases to be determined by the Committee based on achievement of performance goals established by the Committee and in consultation with the Reporting Officer; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to the Companys 2025 fiscal year, the target amount of the annual bonus shall equal the sum of (i) 100% of Executives base salary earned from the Company from January 1, 2025 through and including March 31, 2025, and (ii) 150% of the Base Salary earned from the Company from the Effective Date through and including December 31, 2025. The payment of any such bonus, to the extent 

2

payable, will be subject to Executives continued employment through the date on which the bonus is paid, and shall not be considered earned for any purpose prior to such payment date. 

(c) BENEFITS. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any welfare, health and life insurance, pension, retirement, benefit and incentive programs as may be adopted from time to time by the Company on the same basis as that provided to similarly situated senior executives of the Company, it being understood that the Company may modify or terminate any such plan(s) or program(s) at any time(s) in its sole discretion consistently applied with respect to similarly situated senior executives of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Executive shall be entitled to the following benefits: 

(i)Reimbursement for Expenses. During the Term, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in performing Executives duties for the Company, on the same basis as similarly situated senior executives and in accordance with the Companys policies as in effect from time to time (subject to applicable substantiation requirements). Additionally, the Company shall reimburse Executive up to $15,000 in connection with the preparation and review of this Agreement. 

(ii)Vacation. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation each year, in accordance with the plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company applicable to similarly situated senior executives of the Company generally, as may be in effect from time to time.

(d) EQUITY AWARDS. On March 1, 2025 (the Grant Date) Executive was granted: 

(i)restricted stock units of the Company, with a value of $3,600,000 as of the Grant Date, determined using the volume-weighted average price, rounded to two decimal places, of Company common stock on the primary stock exchange on which shares of the Companys common stock are traded for the thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on February 20, 2025, vesting 1/3 on the first anniversary of the Grant Date and 1/12 every three (3) months thereafter, subject to Executives continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date and further subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Companys award agreement memorializing the applicable terms of the award (an Award Agreement); and 

(ii)performance-based restricted stock units of the Company, with a target value of $5,400,000 as of the Grant Date, determined using the volume-weighted average price, rounded to two decimal places, of Company common stock on the primary stock exchange on which shares of the Companys common stock are traded for the thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on February 20, 2025, vesting in full on the third (3rd) anniversary of the Grant Date subject to Executives continued employment with the Company through the vesting date and attainment of applicable performance goals, each as set forth (with other applicable terms and conditions) in an applicable Award Agreement.

3

In addition, during the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive such periodic grants of stock options, restricted stock units, performance stock units and/or other equity or equity-linked awards of the Company (or its affiliates), commensurate with Executives roles as the Companys Chief Operating Officer and the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Evergreen & Emerging Brands, as may be determined by the Committee in its discretion.

4. NOTICES. All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by first-class mail, certified or registered with return receipt requested, or by hand delivery, overnight delivery by a nationally recognized carrier, facsimile transmission or PDF, in each case to the applicable address set forth below (or, if by e-mail transmission or PDF, to an email account provided by the other party), and any such notice is deemed effectively given when received by the recipient (or if receipt is refused by the recipient, when so refused):

If to the Company: Match Group, Inc.

8750 North Central Expressway

Suite 1400

Dallas, TX 75231

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

Email: corporatelegal@match.com

If to Executive: At the most recent address for Executive on record at the Company.

Either party may change such partys address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto. 

5. GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under and in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas without reference to its principles of conflicts of laws. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive shall remain bound by, and comply with Executives obligations under, the Companys Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Claims on an Individual Basis and Summary of the Alternative Dispute Resolution Program, which references and incorporates the Match Group, Inc. Alternative Dispute Resolution Program document (and any amendments thereto) (collectively, the Arbitration Agreement). Executive agrees that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the Arbitration Agreement; provided, however, that any party to this Agreement may seek provisional relief, including temporary restraining orders, temporary protective orders, and preliminary injunctive relief, pending arbitration or in aid of arbitration or both against the other party hereto with respect to any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any federal and state courts of Texas, and the parties hereto submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for any such actions. 

6. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

4

7. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS. Executive expressly understands and acknowledges that the Standard Terms and Conditions attached hereto are incorporated herein by reference, deemed a part of this Agreement and are binding and enforceable provisions of this Agreement. References to this Agreement or the use of the term hereof shall refer to this Agreement and the Standard Terms and Conditions attached hereto, taken as a whole.

8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; MODIFICATION. This Agreement, and any Exhibits (including the Standard Terms and Conditions) incorporated thereto, together with the agreements referenced herein (other than the Prior Agreements), including the Arbitration Agreement, the Indemnification Agreement, and any Award Agreement(s), contains the entire agreement between Executive and the Company and there are no agreements, warranties, or representations which are not set forth therein or herein. As of (and subject to the occurrence of) the Effective Date, each Prior Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing duly signed by or on behalf of the parties hereto.

9. SECTION 409A OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE. 

(a)It is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement and the Companys and Executives exercise of authority or discretion hereunder shall comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the rules and regulations issued thereunder (Section 409A) or an available exemption therefrom, and thus avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.

(b)For purposes of this Agreement, a Separation from Service occurs when Executive dies, retires or otherwise has a termination of employment with the Company that constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(1), without regard to the optional alternative definitions available thereunder (the date of any such Separation from Service, a Termination Date).

(c)If Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i) as of the date of Executives Separation from Service, Executive shall not be entitled to any payment or benefit payable upon Executives Separation from Service to the extent that any such payment would constitute nonqualified deferred compensation (if at all) within the meaning of Section 409A until the earlier of (i) the date which is six (6) months after his Separation from Service for any reason other than death, or (ii) the date of Executives death. The provisions of this paragraph shall only apply if, and to the extent, required to avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or interest pursuant to Section 409A. Any amounts otherwise payable to Executive upon or in the six (6) month period following Executives Separation from Service that are not so paid by reason of this Section 9(c) shall be paid (without interest) as soon as practicable after the date that is six (6) months after Executives Separation from Service (or, if earlier, as soon as practicable after the date of Executives death). 

5

(d)To the extent that any reimbursement pursuant to this Agreement is taxable to Executive, Executive shall provide the Company with documentation of the related expenses promptly so as to facilitate the timing of the reimbursement payment contemplated by this paragraph, and any reimbursement payment due to Executive pursuant to such provision shall be paid to Executive promptly, and in any event on or before the last day of Executives taxable year next-following the taxable year in which the related expense was incurred. Such reimbursement obligations pursuant to this Agreement are not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit and the amount of such benefits that Executive receives in one taxable year shall not affect the amount of such benefits that Executive receives in any other taxable year.

(e)In no event shall the Company be required to pay Executive any gross-up or other payment with respect to any taxes or penalties imposed under Section 409A with respect to any benefit paid to Executive hereunder. The Company agrees to take any reasonable steps requested by Executive to avoid adverse tax consequences to Executive as a result of any benefit to Executive hereunder being subject to Section 409A, provided that Executive shall, if requested, reimburse the Company for any incremental costs (other than incidental costs) associated with taking such steps. 

(f)Any right to a series of installment payments pursuant to this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. All payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a Separation from Service under Section 409A.

10. INDEMNIFICATION. The Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, they are entering into an Indemnification Agreement of even date herewith. 

11. REDUCTION OF CERTAIN PAYMENTS. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in any other agreement between Executive and the Company or any plan maintained by the Company, if there is a 280G Change in Control (as defined below), the following rules shall apply (capitalized terms used but not previously defined are defined in Section 11(e) below):

(a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 11(c) below, if it is determined in accordance with Section 11(d) below that any portion of the Contingent Compensation Payments (as defined below) that otherwise would be paid or provided to Executive or for his benefit in connection with the 280G Change in Control would be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (Excise Tax), then such Contingent Compensation Payments shall be reduced by the smallest total amount necessary in order for the aggregate present value of all such Contingent Compensation Payments after such reduction, as determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder, not to exceed the Excise Tax Threshold Amount (as defined below). 

6

(b) If the Auditor (as defined below) determines that any reduction is so required, the Contingent Compensation Payments to be reduced, and the reduction to be made to such Contingent Compensation Payments, shall be determined by the Auditor in its sole discretion in a manner which will result in the least economic cost to Executive, and if the reduction with respect to two or more Contingent Compensation Payments would result in equivalent economic cost to Executive, such Contingent Compensation Payments shall be reduced in the inverse chronological order of the dates on which such Contingent Compensation Payments were otherwise scheduled to be made to Executive, until the required reduction has been fully achieved.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no reduction in any of Executives Contingent Compensation Payments shall be made pursuant to Section 11(a) above if it is determined in accordance with Section 11(d) below that the After Tax Amount of the Contingent Compensation Payments payable to Executive without such reduction would exceed the After Tax Amount of the reduced Contingent Compensation Payments payable to Executive in accordance with Section 11(a) above. For purposes of the foregoing, (x) the After Tax Amount of the Contingent Compensation Payments, as computed with, and as computed without, the reduction provided for under Section 11(a) above, shall mean the amount of the Contingent Compensation Payments, as so computed, that Executive would retain after payment of all taxes (including without limitation any federal, state or local income taxes, the Excise Tax or any other excise taxes, any Medicare or other employment taxes, and any other taxes) imposed on such Contingent Compensation Payments in the year or years in which payable; and (y) the amount of such taxes shall be computed at the rates in effect under the applicable tax laws in the year in which the 280G Change in Control occurs, or if then ascertainable, the rates in effect in any later year in which any Contingent Compensation Payment is expected to be paid following the 280G Change in Control, and in the case of any income taxes, by using the maximum combined federal, state and (if applicable) local income tax rates then in effect under such laws.

(d) A determination as to whether any Excise Tax is payable with respect to Executives Contingent Compensation Payments and if so, as to the amount thereof, and a determination as to whether any reduction in Executives Contingent Compensation Payments is required pursuant to the provisions of Sections 11(a) and 11(c) above, and if so, as to the amount of the reduction so required, shall be made by no later than fifteen (15) days prior to the closing of the transaction or the occurrence of the event that constitutes the 280G Change in Control. Such determinations, and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determinations, shall be made by an independent auditor (the Auditor) jointly selected by Executive and the Company, all of whose fees and expenses shall be borne and directly paid solely by the Company. The Auditor shall be a nationally recognized public accounting firm which has not, during the two years preceding the date of its selection, acted in any way on behalf of the Company or any of its affiliates. If Executive and the Company cannot agree on the firm to serve as the Auditor, then Executive and the Company shall each select one accounting firm and those two firms shall jointly select the accounting firm to serve as the Auditor, all of whose fees and expenses shall be borne and directly paid solely by the Company. The Auditor shall provide a written report of its determinations, including detailed supporting calculations, 

7

both to Executive and to the Company. The determinations made by the Auditor pursuant to this Section 11(d) shall be binding upon Executive and the Company.

(e) For purposes of the foregoing, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

(i)280G Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, as determined in accordance with Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder.

(ii)Contingent Compensation Payment shall mean any payment or benefit in the nature of compensation that is to be paid or provided to Executive or for Executives benefit in connection with a 280G Change in Control (whether under this Agreement or otherwise, including by the entity, or by any affiliate of the entity, whose acquisition of the stock of the Company or its assets constitutes the 280G Change in Control) if Executive is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code) at the time of the 280G Change in Control, to the extent that such payment or benefit is contingent on the 280G Change in Control within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder.

(iii)Excise Tax Threshold Amount shall mean an amount equal to (x) three times Executives base amount within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder, less (y) $1.

12. CLAWBACK. Executive acknowledges and agrees that any incentive compensation provided by the Company to Executive under this Agreement or otherwise may be subject to recovery by the Company under and in accordance with any Company clawback or recoupment policy in effect on the Effective Date or as may be adopted or maintained by the Company following the Effective Date and applicable to similarly situated senior executives of the Company, including the Companys Compensation Recoupment Policy, as amended from time to time (or any successor policy thereto).

13. EFFECTIVENESS. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this Agreement (and Executives employment hereunder) shall become effective on the Effective Date, subject to and conditioned upon the completion, to the satisfaction of the Company, of a successful background check on Executive administered in accordance with applicable law, as conducted by a third-party provider selected by the Company in its discretion (the Background Check). Executive agrees, as a condition to his employment hereunder, to submit to and reasonably cooperate with the Background Check to the extent requested by the Company and/or the third-party provider. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in the event that the completed Background Check is not successful, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, this Agreement shall not become effective, and shall automatically, and without notice, terminate without any obligation due to either party hereto and the provisions of this Agreement shall be of no force or effect.

[The Signature Page Follows]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer and Executive has executed and delivered this Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date.

"COMPANY"

Match Group, Inc.

By: /s/ D.V. Williams

By: D.V. Williams

Title: Chief People Officer

"EXECUTIVE"

By: /s/ Hesam Hosseini

Hesam Hosseini

[Signature Page to Employment Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS

(a.TERMINATION OF EXECUTIVES EMPLOYMENT.

(a)DEATH. Executives employment shall terminate automatically upon Executives death. In the event Executives employment hereunder is terminated after the Effective Date by reason of Executives death, the Company shall pay Executives designated beneficiary or beneficiaries (or, if none, Executives estate), within thirty (30) days of Executives death (or such earlier date as may be required by applicable law) in a single, lump sum in cash, (i) Executives Base Salary through the end of the month in which his death occurs; and (ii) any Accrued Obligations (as defined below). In addition, any incentive equity or equity-linked awards in or relating to equity of the Company or its subsidiaries (e.g., restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options, phantom stock or similar instruments) (each, an Award) held by Executive that are outstanding and unvested as of the Termination Date shall vest (and, as applicable, become exercisable) upon such Termination Date on an accelerated basis as to a number of shares subject to such Award that would have vested (and, as applicable, become exercisable) at any time through the first anniversary of the Termination Date had Executive remained in continuous employment with the Company through such anniversary (or, if later, upon attainment of applicable performance goals during such one (1)-year period) and shall, as applicable, be settled in accordance with their terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) any Award that would vest under this provision but for the fact that outstanding performance conditions have not been satisfied shall vest only if, and at such point as, such performance conditions are satisfied (and shall not lapse on the Termination Date to the extent unvested, but shall instead remain outstanding and eligible to vest during such one (1)-year period), and (B) the terms of any future awards may be varied in the governing documents of such award. 

(b)DISABILITY. As used herein, Disability shall mean such term (or word of like import) as defined under the long-term disability policy of the Company regardless of whether Executive is covered by such policy. If the Company does not have a long-term disability policy in place, Disability means that Executive is unable to carry out the responsibilities and functions of the position held by Executive by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of four (4) consecutive months. If within thirty (30) days after written notice of a pending termination for Disability is provided to Executive by the Company (in accordance with Section 4 above), Executive is not able to substantially perform Executives duties hereunder, then Executives employment under this Agreement may be terminated by the Company due to such Disability. During any period prior to such termination during which Executive is absent from the full-time performance of Executives duties with the Company due to Disability, the Company shall continue to pay Executives Base Salary at the rate in effect at the commencement of such period of Disability, offset by any amounts payable to Executive under any disability insurance plan or policy 

Exhibit A

Page 1

provided by the Company. Upon termination of Executives employment after the Effective Date due to Disability, the Company shall pay Executive within thirty (30) days of such termination (or such earlier date as may be required by applicable law) in a single lump sum in cash (i) Executives Base Salary through the end of the month in which termination occurs, offset by any amounts payable to Executive under any disability insurance plan or policy provided by the Company; and (ii) any Accrued Obligations.

(c)TERMINATION FOR CAUSE; TERMINATION BY EXECUTIVE WITHOUT GOOD REASON. Upon the termination of Executives employment by the Company for Cause (as defined below) or by Executive without Good Reason (as defined below), the Company shall have no further obligation hereunder, except for the payment of any Accrued Obligations. Executive shall provide the Company with thirty (30) days advance written notice to terminate Executives employment hereunder without Good Reason; provided that the Company may, in its sole discretion waive all or any portion of Executives notice period without payment in lieu thereof. As used herein, Cause shall mean: (i) the plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, or conviction for, a felony offense by Executive; provided, however, that (A) after indictment, the Company may suspend Executive from the rendition of services, but without limiting or modifying in any other way the Companys obligations under this Agreement and (B) Executives employment shall be immediately reinstated if the indictment is dismissed or otherwise dropped and there is not otherwise grounds to terminate Executives employment for Cause; (ii) a material breach by Executive of a fiduciary duty owed to the Company; (iii) a material breach by Executive of any of the covenants made by Executive in Section 2 below; (iv) Executives continued willful failure to perform or gross neglect of the material duties required by this Agreement (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); or (v) a knowing and material violation by Executive of any material Company policy pertaining to ethics, wrongdoing or conflicts of interest, which policy had been provided to Executive in writing or otherwise made generally available prior to such violation; provided, that in the case of conduct described in clauses (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above which is capable of being cured, Executive shall have a period of no less than ten (10) days after Executive is provided with written notice (specifying in reasonable detail the acts or omissions believed to constitute Cause and the steps necessary to remedy such condition, if curable) in which to cure, which such notice specifically identifies the breach, the nature of the willful or gross neglect or the violation that the Company believes constitutes Cause. 

(d)TERMINATION BY THE COMPANY WITHOUT CAUSE, DUE TO COMPANY NON-RENEWAL OR RESIGNATION BY EXECUTIVE FOR GOOD REASON. If Executives employment hereunder is terminated after the Effective Date and prior to the expiration of the Term by the Company for any reason other than for Cause (including for clarity, due to a Company Non-Renewal (as defined below) of the Agreement, but excluding for clarity, due to Executives death or Disability), or if Executive terminates Executives employment hereunder after the Effective Date and prior to the expiration of the Term for Good Reason, then:

(i)the Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to twelve (12) months of the Base Salary, payable in substantially equal installments in accordance with 

Exhibit A

Page 2

the Companys normal payroll practices over the twelve (12) months from the Termination Date (the Severance Period), which installments shall commence on the first payroll date following the effective date of the Release (as defined below) and amounts otherwise payable prior to such first payroll date shall be paid on such date without interest thereon (it being understood that if any applicable Release consideration/revocation period spans two calendar years, in no event shall any such payments be made prior to the first Company payroll date in the latter such calendar year, if later than the date such payments would otherwise commence);

(ii)the Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to the sum of (A) Executives Target Bonus (i.e., an amount equal to 150% of Executives then-current Base Salary) prorated based on the number of days employed in the then current fiscal year to 365 days and (B) any annual bonus that would have been earned by Executive for the calendar year immediately preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs (determined in accordance with Section 3(b) above) but for the fact that Executive was not employed through the payment date and which remains unpaid as of the Termination Date (if any), in each case, payable within sixty (60) days after the Termination Date; 

(iii)the Company shall pay Executive within thirty (30) days after the Termination Date (or such earlier date as may be required by applicable law) in a lump sum in cash any Accrued Obligations; and

(iv)any Awards held by Executive that are outstanding and unvested on the Termination Date, shall vest (and, as applicable, become exercisable) upon such Termination Date on an accelerated basis as to a number of shares subject to such Award that would have vested (and, as applicable, become exercisable) at any time through the first anniversary of the Termination Date had Executive remained in continuous employment with the Company through such anniversary (or, if later, upon attainment of applicable performance goals during such one (1)-year period) and shall, as applicable, be settled in accordance with their terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) any Award that would vest under this provision but for the fact that outstanding performance conditions have not been satisfied shall vest only if, and at such point as, such performance conditions are satisfied (and shall not lapse on the Termination Date to the extent unvested, but shall instead remain outstanding and eligible to vest during such one (1)-year period), and (B) the terms of any future awards may be varied in the governing documents of such awards with respect to terms other than the vesting accelerations described in this Section 1(d)(iv); and 

(v)the Company shall, during the Severance Period, provide Executive with continued coverage under the Companys group health plan, at the Companys cost, or with an additional taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the full premiums for continued healthcare coverage under the Companys plans through COBRA, at the same coverage level as in effect for Executive as of the Termination Date. The payment under this clause (v) shall be grossed up for applicable taxes (in accordance with Section 9(d) above). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Executive obtains alternative employment during the Severance Period offering employer-paid healthcare coverage that is no less favorable in 

Exhibit A

Page 3

the aggregate than the benefits provided under the Companys group health plan for active employees, Executive shall enroll in and obtain coverage under such new employers plan at the earliest opportunity and the Companys obligations under this clause (v) shall cease as of the effective date of such alternate coverage.

For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following during the Term without Executives prior written consent: (A)the Companyrequiring Executive to report to any person or persons other than the Reporting Officer, (B) a material diminution in title or the assignment of duties and responsibilities to, or limitation on duties of, Executive inconsistent with Executives position as Chief Operating Officer of the Company, excluding for this purpose any such instance that is an isolated and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith or that is authorized pursuant to this Agreement, (C) any material reduction in Executives Base Salary or Target Bonus, (D) requiring Executives principal place of business to be in a location more than fifty (50) miles outside of the Dallas, Texas metropolitan area or (E) any material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other written agreement between Executive and the Company or any Company affiliate; provided that in no event shall Executives resignation be for Good Reason unless (x) an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason shall have occurred and Executive provides the Company with written notice thereof within thirty (30) days after Executive has knowledge of the occurrence or existence of such event or circumstance, which notice specifically identifies the event or circumstance that Executive believes constitutes Good Reason, (y) the Company fails to correct the circumstance or event so identified within thirty (30) days after the receipt of such notice, and (z) Executive resigns within ninety (90) days after the date of delivery of the notice referred to in clause (x) above.

(e)RELEASE. The payments and severance benefits described in Section 1(d) above with the exception of Section 1(d)(iii), shall be subject to Executives compliance in all material respects with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 2 below (and, for clarity, the Company shall provide Executive with written notice and reasonable opportunity to cure (to the extent capable cure) any breach of such restrictive covenants) and Executives execution within twenty-one (21) days following the Termination Date (or such longer period as may be required by applicable law) and non-revocation of a mutual general release of claims in substantially the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B (the Release). For the avoidance of doubt, all Awards eligible for accelerated vesting pursuant to Section 1(d)(iv) hereof shall remain outstanding and eligible to vest following the Termination Date and shall actually vest and become exercisable (if applicable) and non-forfeitable as of the Termination Date, subject to the Release becoming effective by its own terms.

(f)EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT. Except as expressly provided in this Section 1, Executive shall not be entitled to any additional payments or benefits upon or in connection with Executives termination of employment.

(g)ACCRUED OBLIGATIONS. As used in this Agreement, Accrued Obligations shall mean the sum of (i) any portion of Executives accrued but unpaid Base 

Exhibit A

Page 4

Salary through the Termination Date; (ii) any unreimbursed business expenses incurred by Executive prior to the Termination Date that are reimbursable in accordance with Section 3(c)(i) above; (iii) the value of any accrued and unused vacation days; and (iv) any compensation previously earned but deferred by Executive (together with any interest or earnings thereon) that has not yet been paid and that is not otherwise scheduled to be paid at a later date pursuant to any deferred compensation arrangement of the Company to which Executive is a party, if any (provided, that any election made by Executive pursuant to any deferred compensation arrangement that is subject to Section 409A regarding the schedule for payment of such deferred compensation shall prevail over this Section 1(h) to the extent inconsistent herewith).

(h)COMPANY NON-RENEWAL. If the Company delivers a Non-Renewal Notice to Executive then, provided Executives employment hereunder continues through the expiration date of the ninety (90)-day notice period then in effect (and that Executive would, absent such Non-Renewal Notice, be willing to continue employment on the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement at such time), effective as of such expiration date, Executives employment with the Company automatically will terminate (such termination, a Company Non-Renewal). 

(i)RESIGNATION FROM ALL POSITIONS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, upon the termination of Executives employment for any reason, unless otherwise requested by the Board, Executive shall immediately resign as of the Termination Date from all positions that Executive holds with the Company and any of its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, all boards of directors of any subsidiary of the Company or any parent company of the Company. Executive hereby agrees to execute all documentation and to take all reasonable actions necessary to effectuate such resignations upon request by the Company. 

(j)POST-TERMINATION EXERCISE PERIOD FOR STOCK OPTIONS. In the event of Executives termination of employment after the Effective Date for any reason other than a termination of employment by the Company for Cause and subject to Executives timely execution and non-revocation of a Release (as provided in Section 1(e) above), any then-vested options to purchase Company stock (including options vesting as a result of any accelerated vesting upon such termination of employment, if any) shall remain outstanding and exercisable through the date that is twelve (12) months following the Termination Date or, if earlier, through the scheduled expiration date of such options.

(b.CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION; NON-COMPETITION; NON-SOLICITATION; AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

(i)CONFIDENTIALITY. Executive acknowledges that, while employed by the Company, Executive has occupied and will occupy a position of trust and confidence. The Company has provided and shall provide Executive with Confidential Information (as defined below). Executive shall not, except as Executive in good faith deems appropriate to perform 

Exhibit A

Page 5

Executives duties hereunder or as required by applicable law or regulation, governmental investigation, subpoena, or in connection with enforcing the terms of this Agreement (or any agreement referenced herein) without limitation in time, communicate, divulge, disseminate, disclose to others or otherwise use, whether directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 

For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean information about the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and their respective businesses, employees, consultants, contractors, clients and customers that is not disclosed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates for financial reporting purposes or otherwise generally made available to the public (other than by Executives breach of the terms hereof or the terms of any previous confidentiality obligation by Executive to the Company) and that was learned or developed by Executive in the course of employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, including (without limitation) any proprietary information, proprietary knowledge, know-how, inventions, software source code, trade secrets, data, formulae, marketing plans, sales plans, product plans, business plans, strategies, business partners and relationships, business operations and methods, information and client and customer lists and all papers, resumes, and records (including computer records) of the documents containing such information. Executive acknowledges that such Confidential Information is specialized, unique in nature and of great value to the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates, and that such information gives the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates a competitive advantage. Executive agrees to deliver, return to the Company (or destroy, to the extent physically returning the following is not possible), at the Companys written request at any time or upon termination or expiration of Executives employment or as soon thereafter as possible, whether kept in tangible form or intangible form in the cloud or otherwise, all documents, computer tapes and disks, records, lists, data, drawings, prints, notes and written and digital information (and all copies thereof) furnished by the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates or prepared by Executive in the course of Executives employment by the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates; provided, that, Executive may retain Executives personal effects, contacts, copies of documentation reasonably necessary for Executive to prepare Executives tax returns and documents relating to Executives compensation. As used in this Agreement, subsidiaries and affiliates shall mean any company controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company.

(ii)NON-COMPETITION. 

(i)In consideration of this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration provided hereunder, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by Executive, Executive hereby agrees and covenants that, during the Term and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, engage in or become associated with a Competitive Activity (as defined below). 

Exhibit A

Page 6

(ii)For purposes of this Section 2(b), a Competitive Activity means engaging in the business of providing online or app-based dating or similar match-making services or in any other business providing similar or related services or products that the Company is engaged in as of the Termination Date (the Company Products or Services), provided such business or endeavor is in the United States, or in any foreign jurisdiction in which the Company provides, or has provided during the Term, the relevant Company Group Products or Services.

(iii)For purposes of this Section 2(b), Executive shall be considered to have become associated with a Competitive Activity if Executive becomes directly or indirectly involved as an owner, principal, employee, officer, director, independent contractor, representative, stockholder, financial backer, agent, partner, member, advisor, lender, consultant or in any other individual or representative capacity with any individual, partnership, corporation or other organization that is engaged in a Competitive Activity. 

(iv)Notwithstanding anything else in this Section 2(b), Executive may own, for investment purposes only, up to five percent (5%) of the outstanding capital stock of any publicly-traded corporation engaged in a Competitive Activity if the stock of such corporation is either listed on a national stock exchange or on the NASDAQ National Market System and if Executive is not otherwise affiliated with such corporation. 

(iii)NON-SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES. Executive recognizes that Executive possesses and will possess Confidential Information about other employees, consultants and contractors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates relating to their education, experience, skills, abilities, compensation and benefits, and inter-personal relationships with suppliers to and customers of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Executive recognizes that the information Executive possesses and will possess about these other employees, consultants and contractors is not generally known, is of substantial value to the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates in developing their respective businesses and in securing and retaining customers, and has been and will be acquired by Executive because of Executives business position with the Company. Executive agrees that, during the Term, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, recruit or hire any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (or any individual who was an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries at any time during the six (6) months prior to such act of hiring, solicitation or recruitment) for the purpose of being employed by Executive or by any business, individual, partnership, firm, corporation or other entity on whose behalf Executive is acting as an agent, representative or employee and that Executive will not convey any such Confidential Information or trade secrets about other employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any other person except within the scope of Executives duties hereunder. Executive agrees that, for a period of twelve (12) months following the Term, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, solicit or recruit any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (or any individual who was an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries at any time during the six (6) months prior to such act of hiring, solicitation or recruitment) who was personally known to Executive or as to whom Executive had Confidential Information for 

Exhibit A

Page 7

the purpose of being employed by Executive or by any business, individual, partnership, firm, corporation or other entity on whose behalf Executive is acting as an agent, representative or employee and that Executive will not convey any such Confidential Information or trade secrets about other employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any other person except within the scope of Executives duties hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive is not precluded from soliciting or hiring any individual who (i) initiates discussions regarding employment on his or her own, or (ii) responds to any public advertisement. 

(iv)NON-SOLICITATION OF BUSINESS PARTNERS. During the Term, and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, persuade or encourage any business partners or business affiliates of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates to cease doing business with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or to engage in any business competitive with the Company or its subsidiaries. 

(v)PROPRIETARY RIGHTS; ASSIGNMENT. All Employee Developments (as defined below) are and shall be considered works made for hire by Executive for the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive agrees that all rights of any kind in any Employee Developments belong exclusively to the Company. In order to permit the Company to exploit such Employee Developments, Executive shall promptly and fully report all such Employee Developments to the Company. Except in furtherance of his obligations as an employee of the Company, Executive shall not use or reproduce any portion of any record associated with any Employee Development without prior written consent of the Company or, as applicable, its subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive agrees that in the event actions of Executive are required to ensure that such rights belong to the Company under applicable laws, Executive will cooperate and take whatever such actions are reasonably requested by the Company, whether during or after the Term, and without the need for separate or additional compensation. For purposes of this Agreement, Employee Developments means any discovery, invention, design, know-how, method, technique, improvement, enhancement, development, computer program, software, machine, algorithm or other work or authorship, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, that (i) relates to the business or operations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or (ii) results from or is suggested by any undertaking assigned to Executive or work performed by Executive for or on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, in each case (i) or (ii) whether created alone or with others, during or after working hours (including before the Effective Date). All Confidential Information and all Employee Developments, and all intellectual property rights therein, shall remain the sole property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive has not acquired and shall not acquire any proprietary interest in any Confidential Information or Employee Developments developed or acquired during the Term. To the extent Executive may, by operation of law or otherwise, acquire any right, title or interest in or to any Confidential Information or Employee Development or any intellectual property rights therein, Executive hereby assigns to the Company all such proprietary rights. Executive hereby waives, and agrees to waive, any moral rights Executive may have in any copyrightable work included in any Employee Developments. Executive shall, both during and after the Term, upon the Companys 

Exhibit A

Page 8

request, promptly execute and deliver to the Company all such assignments, certificates and instruments, and shall promptly perform such other acts, as the Company may from time to time in its discretion deem necessary or desirable to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, enforce or defend the Companys rights in Confidential Information and Employee Developments. 

(vi)PRIOR INVENTIONS RETAINED AND LICENSED. Executive has provided, or will provide to Company in Exhibit A-1, a description of any discovery, invention, design, ideas, processes, formulas, method, technique, improvement, enhancement, development, computer program, software, machine, algorithm or other work or authorship, whether or not patentable or copyrightable that was made by Executive prior to Executives employment with Company, that belong to Executive, that relate to Companys or its affiliates proposed business, products, or research and development, and that are not assigned to Company hereunder (collectively referred to as Prior Inventions); or, if no such Prior Inventions have been disclosed or are being disclosed in Exhibit A-1, Executive hereby represents that there are no such Prior Inventions. If in the course of Executives employment with Company, Executive incorporates into a Company product, process, or machine a Prior Invention owned by Executive or in which Executive has an interest, Executive hereby grants to Company and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to make, have made, modify, use, and sell such Prior Invention as part of or in connection with such product, process, or machine.

(vii)CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall prohibit Executive from (i) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to, participating in any investigation by, or cooperating with any governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation and/or (ii) communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing information (including trade secrets) in confidence to, any federal, state or local government regulator (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the U.S. Department of Justice) for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or from providing such information to Executives attorney or in a sealed complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other governmental proceeding. Pursuant to 18 USC Section 1833(b), Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (x) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (y) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Without limiting the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that the undersigned has reason to believe is unlawful.

(viii)FORMER EMPLOYER INFORMATION. Executive represents and warrants that Executive is not subject to any other non-disclosure, non-solicitation, non-competition or 

Exhibit A

Page 9

confidentiality agreement, or any other agreement or obligation that would prevent Executive from working for or performing services for the Company. Executive will not, during Executives employment with the Company, improperly use or disclose any confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets of any former, concurrent employer, or other person or entity to whom Executive has an obligation of confidentiality, and Executive will not bring onto the premises of the Company any unpublished documents or proprietary information belonging to any such employer, person, or entity unless consented to in writing by that employer, person, or entity. By accepting or continuing employment with the Company hereunder, Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive is not and will not breach any non-disclosure, non-solicitation, non-competition or confidentiality agreement, or any other agreement or obligation that Executive has or may have had with any other companies or employers.

(ix)THIRD PARTY INFORMATION. Executive understands that the Company has received and, in the future, will receive from third parties confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on the part of the Company to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. During the Term and thereafter, Executive agrees to hold such information in the strictest confidence and will not disclose it to anyone other than personnel of the Company who need to know it in connection with their services to or for the Company, or use it, except in connection with Executives employment with the Company.

(x)COMPLIANCE WITH POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. During the period that Executive is employed with the Company hereunder, Executive shall adhere to the policies and standards of professionalism set forth in the Companys Policies and Procedures as they may exist from time to time.

(xi)SURVIVAL OF PROVISIONS. The obligations contained in this Section 2 shall, to the extent provided in this Section 2, survive the termination or expiration of Executives employment with the Company and, as applicable, shall be fully enforceable thereafter in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in any state that any restriction in this Section 2 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under the laws of that state, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the law of that state.

(c.EXISTING CLAIMS/AUTHORITY. Executive acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has made, and no such person or entity is making, and in executing this Agreement, Executive has not relied upon, any representations, promises or inducements except to the extent the same is expressly set forth in this Agreement. The Company represents that it has due authority to enter into this Agreement and has taken all necessary corporate action to enter into this Agreement and provide the compensation set forth herein.

Exhibit A

Page 10

(d.ASSIGNMENT; SUCCESSORS. This Agreement is personal in its nature and none of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the others, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder,other than Executive to Executives heirs and beneficiaries upon Executives death to the extent provided in this Agreement; provided that in the event of the merger, consolidation, transfer, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company with or to any other individual or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder, and in the event of any such assignment or transaction, all references herein to the Company shall refer to the Companys assignee or successor hereunder. 

(e.WITHHOLDING. The Company shall make such deductions and withhold such amounts from each payment and benefit made or provided to Executive hereunder, as may be required from time to time by applicable law, governmental regulation or order.

(f.WAIVER. Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms, covenants, or conditions hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such term, covenant, or condition, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of, or failure to insist upon strict compliance with, any right or power hereunder at any one or more times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times. 

(g.HEADING REFERENCES. Section headings in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. References to this Agreement or the use of the term hereof shall refer to these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Employment Agreement attached hereto, taken as a whole.

(h.REMEDIES FOR BREACH. 

(i)Executive expressly agrees and understands that Executive will notify the Company in writing of any alleged breach of this Agreement by the Company, and the Company will have thirty (30) days from receipt of Executives notice to cure any such breach. Executive expressly agrees and understands that in the event of any termination of Executives employment by the Company during the Term, the Companys contractual obligations to Executive shall be fulfilled through compliance with its obligations under these Standard Terms and Conditions. 

(ii) Executive expressly agrees and understands that the remedy at law for any breach by Executive of Section 2 of these Standard Terms and Conditions will be inadequate and that damages flowing from such breach are not usually susceptible to being measured in monetary terms. Accordingly, it is acknowledged that, upon Executives violation of any provision of such Section 2, the Company shall be entitled to seek from any court of competent jurisdiction immediate injunctive relief and a temporary order restraining any threatened or further breach as well as an equitable accounting of all profits or benefits arising 

Exhibit A

Page 11

out of such violation. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit the Companys remedies at law or in equity for any breach by Executive of any of the provisions of this Agreement, including Section 2, which may be pursued by or available to the Company.

(i.SEVERABILITY. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any portion of this Agreement is in violation of any law or public policy, only the portions of this Agreement that violate such law or public policy shall be stricken. All portions of this Agreement that do not violate any statute or public policy shall continue in full force and effect. Further, any court order striking any portion of this Agreement shall modify the stricken terms as narrowly as possible to give as much effect as possible to the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

(j.SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Company determines, in its good faith judgment, that any transfer or deemed transfer of funds hereunder is likely to be construed as a personal loan prohibited by Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, then such transfer or deemed transfer shall be provided to Executive as compensation (and not as a loan) to Executive (and as such shall be subject to tax withholding obligations). 

(k.EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS. Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that (a) Executive is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and that Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder will not, in any case, violate any agreement between Executive and any other person, firm, organization or other entity; and (b) Executive is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or other party, in any case, that would be violated by Executives entering into this Agreement and/or providing services to the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

* * * * *

Exhibit A

Page 12

EXHIBIT A-1

PRIOR INVENTIONS

List here Prior Inventions which you desire to have specifically excluded from the operation of this Agreement. Continue on reverse side if necessary.

None

Exhibit A

Page 13

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF RELEASE

THIS RELEASE (the Release) is entered into between Hesam Hosseini (Executive) and Match Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), for the benefit of the Company and other Releasees (as defined below). The entering into and non-revocation of this Release is a condition to Executives right to receive certain payments and benefits under Section 1of the Standard Terms and Conditions attached as Exhibit A (the Standard Terms and Conditions) to that certain employment agreement entered into by and between Executive and the Company, effective as of April 1, 2025 (the Employment Agreement). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning provided in the Employment Agreement.

Accordingly, Executive and the Company agree as follows.

1. In consideration for the payments and other benefits provided to Executive by the Employment Agreement, to which Executive is not otherwise entitled, and the sufficiency of which Executive acknowledges, Executive represents and agrees, as follows:

(a) Executive, for Executives self and Executives heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors and assigns (collectively Releasers), hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges and agrees not to sue the Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and related entities and their current and former directors, officers, shareholders, trustees, employees, consultants, independent contractors, representatives, agents, servants, successors and assigns and all persons acting by, through or under or in concert with any of them (collectively Releasees), from all claims, rights and liabilities up to and including the date of this Release arising from or relating to Executives employment with, or termination of employment from, the Company, and from any and all charges, complaints, claims, liabilities, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies, damages, actions, causes of actions, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected and any claims of wrongful discharge, breach of contract, implied contract, promissory estoppel, defamation, slander, libel, tortious conduct, employment discrimination or claims under any federal, state or local employment statute, law, order or ordinance, including any rights or claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq. (ADEA), or any other federal, state or municipal ordinance relating to discrimination in employment. Nothing contained herein shall restrict the parties rights to enforce the terms of this Release.

(b) To the maximum extent permitted by law, Executive agrees that Executive has not filed, nor will Executive ever file, a lawsuit asserting any claims which are released by this Release, or to accept any benefit from any lawsuit which might be filed by 

Exhibit B

Page 1

another person or government entity based in whole or in part on any event, act, or omission which is the subject of this Release.

(c) This Release specifically excludes (i) Executives rights and the Companys obligations to provide severance payments under Section 1 of the Standard Terms and Conditions; (ii) Executives right to indemnification under Section 10 of the Employment Agreement or otherwise under the Companys organizational documents, applicable insurance policies or applicable law; (iii) Executives right to assert claims for workers compensation or unemployment benefits; (v) Executives vested rights under any retirement or welfare benefit plan of the Company or under any equity or equity-linked award that remains outstanding following the Termination Date (as defined in the Employment Agreement); or (vi) any other rights that may not be waived by an employee under applicable law. Nothing contained in this Release shall release Executive from Executives obligations, including any obligations to abide by restrictive covenants, under the Employment Agreement that continue or are to be performed following termination of employment. 

(d) The parties agree that this Release shall not affect the rights and responsibilities of the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (hereinafter EEOC) to enforce ADEA and other laws. In addition, the parties agree that this Release shall not be used to justify interfering with Executives protected right to file a charge or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC. The parties further agree that Executive knowingly and voluntarily waives all rights or claims (that arose prior to Executives execution of this Release) the Releasers may have against the Releasees, or any of them, to receive any benefit or remedial relief (including, but not limited to, reinstatement, back pay, front pay, damages, attorneys fees, experts fees) as a consequence of any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC.

(e) Nothing contained in this Release is intended to or shall be interpreted to restrict Executives right to communicate directly with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), or any other regulator or law enforcement agency, or to require Executive to notify or seek the consent of the Company to do so. Further, nothing contained in this Release is intended to or shall be interpreted to prohibit Executive from receiving monetary or other awards from the SEC.

2. Executive acknowledges that the Company has specifically advised Executive of the right to seek the advice of an attorney concerning the terms and conditions of this Release. Executive further acknowledges that Executive has been furnished with a copy of this Release, and Executive has been afforded at least twenty-one (21) days in which to consider the terms and conditions set forth above prior to this Release. If Executive signs this Release prior to the expiration of the twenty-one (21) day period, Executive waives the remainder of that period. Executive waives the restarting of the twenty-one (21) day period in the event of any modification of this Release, whether or not material.

Exhibit B

Page 2

3. By executing this Release, Executive affirmatively states that Executive has had sufficient and reasonable time to review this Release and to consult with an attorney concerning Executives legal rights prior to the final execution of this Release. Executive further agrees that Executive has carefully read this Release and fully understands its terms. Executive understands that Executive may revoke this Release within seven (7) days after signing this Release. Revocation of this Release must be made in writing and must be received by the Chief Legal Officer of the Company, 8750 North Central Expressway, Suite 1400, Dallas, TX 75231 on or before 5:00 p.m. (CT) on the seventh (7th) day after the date on which Executive signs this Release.

5. This Release will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Texas, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflicting provision or rule (whether of the state of Texas or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the laws of any jurisdiction other than the state of Texas to be applied. In furtherance of the foregoing, the internal law of the state of Texas will control the interpretation and construction of this agreement, even if under such jurisdictions choice of law or conflict of law analysis, the substantive law of some other jurisdiction would ordinarily apply. 

6. The provisions of this Release are severable, and if any part or portion of it is found to be unenforceable, the other paragraphs shall remain fully valid and enforceable. 

7. This Release shall become effective and enforceable on the eighth day following its execution by Executive, provided Executive does not exercise Executives right of revocation as described above. If Executive fails to sign and deliver this Release or revokes Executives signature, this Release will be without force or effect, and Executive shall not be entitled to the payments and benefits of Section 1(d), with the exception of Section 1(d)(iii) of the Standard Terms and Conditions.

Hesam Hosseini 

Date: 

Exhibit B

Page 3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mtch8-k20250228ex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>3RD AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN GARY SWIDLER AND MATCH GROUP, INC.
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

THIRD AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Amendment), dated as of March 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), amends that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Gary Swidler (Executive) and Match Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), effective as of June 9, 2022 (as amended, the Employment Agreement). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Employment Agreement.

WHEREAS, Section 8A of the Employment Agreement provides that the Employment Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing duly signed by or on behalf of the parties thereto; and

WHEREAS, each of the Company and Executive desire to amend the Employment Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and lawful consideration, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged and agreed, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.The first sentence of Section 1A of the Employment Agreement (EMPLOYMENT) is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following:

Until March 31, 2025, the Company shall employ Executive, and Executive shall be employed, as the President of the Company. Beginning April 1, 2025, and ending on July 4, 2025, the Company shall employ Executive, and Executive shall be employed, as an Advisor to the Company.

2.Section 2A of the Employment Agreement (TERM) is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following:

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 4, 2025 (the Term). After the Term, the parties expressly acknowledge and agree that Executives employment by the Company shall end and that such termination of employment shall constitute a termination of Executives employment by Executive without Good Reason (as defined below). Upon such termination, except as set forth herein, no additional compensation is to be paid to Executive. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Executives employment with the Company is at will and may be terminated at any time prior to the expiration of the Term, for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, by the Company or Executive. Executives rights to payments upon certain termination of employment is governed by Section 1 of the Standard Terms and Conditions attached hereto. During the Term, Executive may perform outside business activities, subject to Section 2 of the Standard Terms and Conditions and Company policies.

3.Certain Acknowledgements. By executing this Amendment, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Employment Agreement, Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that none of the amendments to the Employment Agreement described herein nor any change to Executives job responsibilities or duties as a result thereof will (i) constitute a breach of the Employment Agreement or (ii) provide Executive with Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement) to terminate employment with the Company or constitute a termination of Executives employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement) for purposes of the Employment Agreement or any other agreement between Executive and the Company.

4.Miscellaneous.

(a)The Employment Agreement, as amended hereby, is not intended to constitute a nonqualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder (Section 409A). It is intended that any amounts payable under the Employment Agreement, as amended hereby, and the Companys and Executives exercise of authority or discretion thereunder shall comply with and avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code. The Employment Agreement, as amended hereby, shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.

(b)Except as expressly amended hereby, all terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement remain in full force and effect. Whenever the Employment Agreement is referred to in the Employment Agreement or in any other agreements, documents or instruments, such reference shall be to the Employment Agreement as amended hereby.

(c)This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one agreement binding on all the parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties are not signatories to the original or the same counterpart.

(d)This Amendment shall be governed by and construed under and in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without reference to its principles of conflicts of laws.

[Signature Pages Follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer and Executive has executed and delivered this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date.

MATCH GROUP, INC.

/s/ Sean Edgett

By: SEAN EDGETT

Title: Chief Legal Officer & Secretary

/s/ Gary Swidler

GARY SWIDLER

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to Employment Agreement]

|
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mtch-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mtch-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover page. 
Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mtch-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Central Index Key 0000891103

Amendment Flag false

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity Registrant Name MATCH GROUP, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-34148

Entity Tax Identification Number 59-2712887

Entity Address, Address Line One 8750 North Central Expressway, Suite 1400

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75231

City Area Code 214

Local Phone Number 576-9352

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol MTCH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://mtch.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mtch-20250228.htm 
mtch-20250228.xsd 
mtch-20250228_lab.xml 
mtch-20250228_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000891103-25-000030-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>mtch-20250228_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000891103 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

0000891103 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
MATCH GROUP, INC. 
DE 
001-34148 
59-2712887 
8750 North Central Expressway, Suite 1400 
Dallas 
TX 
75231 
214 
576-9352 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 
MTCH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>