<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000860413-25-000015.txt : 20250225
<SEC-HEADER>0000860413-25-000015.hdr.sgml : 20250225
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250225083016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000860413-25-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST INTERSTATE BANCSYSTEM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000860413
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				810331430
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34653
		FILM NUMBER:		25659544

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 NO 31ST STREET
		CITY:			BILLINGS
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4062555311

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 NO 31ST STREET
		CITY:			BILLINGS
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST INTERSTATE BANCSYSTEM OF MONTANA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930615
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>fibk-20250220.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?fibk-20250220

false000086041300008604132025-02-202025-02-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington D.C. 20549

------------------------------

FORM 8-K

------------------------------

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (date of earliest event reported): February 20, 2025

------------------------------

FIRST INTERSTATE BANCSYSTEM, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

------------------------------

Delaware 001-34653 81-0331430

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) (Commission

File No.) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

401 North 31st Street 

Billings, 

MT 59101

(Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)

(406) 255-5311 

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a- 12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

* * * * *

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.00001 par value FIBK NASDAQ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

* * * * *

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Retirement of Marcy D. Mutch as Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer

On February 20, 2025, Marcy D. Mutch notified First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. (the Company) of her intention to retire as a full-time employee at the end of 2025 and to step down after a transition period as the Companys Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) effective May 31, 2025 (the Retirement). In her capacity as CFO, Ms. Mutch serves as both the Companys principal financial officer and principal accounting officer; she will be transitioning out of each of such roles at the end May in connection with the Retirement.

In connection with the Retirement, the Company, its wholly owned subsidiary First Interstate Bank (the First Interstate) and Ms. Mutch entered into a Transition and Separation Agreement and General Release dated as of February 24, 2025 (the Transition Agreement). The Transition Agreement provides that Ms. Mutch will continue to serve as the CFO through May 31, 2025 (the Transition Period). Following the Transition Period, Ms. Mutchs service as CFO (including in her capacities as principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) will end and her employment is expected to be transitioned at that time to the role of Executive Advisor to the Company, in which capacity she has agreed to serve through December 31, 2025 (the Executive Advisor Period) to further assist the Company with the transition of her CFO role to her announced successor, the Companys current Deputy Chief Financial Officer, David P. Della Camera. Following the Executive Advisor Period, Ms. Mutch has further agreed to continue her service to the Company and continue transitioning the CFO role as a non-employee consultant for an additional one-year term ending December 31, 2026 (the Consulting Period).

During the Transition Period and subject to her continuing employment during the period (subject to exceptions including a termination of employment without cause), Ms. Mutch will continue to report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO) and will have duties and responsibilities that are substantially the same as her existing duties and responsibilities. The Transition Agreement provides that, during the Transition Period, Ms. Mutchs base salary will continue at its current rate and her short-term incentive awards, which will be determined by the CEO based on the Companys actual achievement of business performance objectives and Ms. Mutchs achievement of personal performance objectives in a manner consistent with how such objectives are determined for other executive officers of the Company, will be prorated for the Transition Period. During the Transition Period, Ms. Mutch will continue to accrue paid vacation and will remain eligible to: (i) be granted long-term incentive awards and (ii) participate in employee benefit plans available to other executive officers of the Company. Increases to Ms. Mutchs base salary during the Transition Period, if any, will be at the discretion of the CEO and subject to approval by the Companys Compensation and Human Capital Committee.

During the Executive Advisor Period and subject to her continuing employment during the period (subject to exceptions including a termination of employment without cause), Ms. Mutch will continue to report to the CEO and will have duties and responsibilities that are defined by the CEO, including providing strategic continuity and high-level support to the Company; assisting the CEO with the CFO transition; acting as a liaison between the board of directors of the Company, executive management, and the investment community as requested by the CEO; coordinating cross-functional initiatives; and assisting with investor relations. Ms. Mutch will receive for her services during the Executive Advisor Period: (i) a base salary at the rate in effect as of the end of the Transition Period, (ii) short-term incentive awards, which will be determined by the CEO based on the Companys actual achievement of business performance objectives and Ms. Mutchs achievement of personal performance objectives in a manner consistent with how such objectives are determined for executive officers of the Company, prorated for the Executive Advisor Period, (iii) continuing eligibility to have her existing and outstanding long-term incentive awards vest according to their terms, and (iv) continuing accrual of paid vacation and eligibility for all employee benefit plans available to other executive officers of the Company. The target short-term incentive amount during the Executive Advisor Period will be 75% of the target short-term incentive amount as of the end of the Transition Period. Promptly following the Executive Advisor Period, Ms. Mutch will receive payment for all earned but unpaid salary, paid time off and reimbursable expenses.

During the Consulting Period and subject to her continuing service to the Company during the period (subject to exceptions including a termination of service without cause), Ms. Mutch has agreed with the Company to be granted a long-term incentive award in the form of time-based restricted stock units pursuant to the Companys 2023 Equity Incentive Plan with an aggregate grant date value of $860,000 as compensation for her services in lieu of any cash compensation. In addition, the Company will provide Ms. Mutch with 12 months of medical, health, vision and dental coverage substantially comparable to the coverage maintained by the Company for Ms. Mutch at the end of the Executive Advisor Period.

The foregoing description of the Transition Agreement does not purport to be complete, and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full terms of the Transition Agreement included as Exhibit 10.1 to this current report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. Investors and other interested parties are encouraged to read the full text of the Transition Agreement because it contains important terms not included in the summary above.

Appointment of David P. Della Camera as Successor Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer

On February 24, 2025, David P. Della Camera, the Companys Deputy Chief Financial Officer, was appointed to become the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company as successor to Ms. Mutch following her Retirement effective May 31, 2025. In connection with the promotion that will become effective for Mr. Della Camera on June 1, 2025 (the Effective Date), Mr. Della Camera will, in connection with his succession to the CFO role, assume both of the roles of principal financial officer and principal accounting officer of the Company. 

In connection with Mr. Della Cameras promotion, the Company and the Bank are expected to enter into an employment agreement with Mr. Della Camera (the Employment Agreement) that is expected to be on terms substantially similar in all material respects to the terms currently in place with Ms. Mutch under her existing employment agreement, except that Mr. Della Cameras agreement is expected to have the following financial terms approved by the Compensation Committee of the board of directors: (i) an annual base salary of $500,000, (ii) an annual short-term incentive target opportunity equal to 70% of his base salary; and (iii) an annual long-term incentive target opportunity equal to 70% of his base salary. The Company expects to finalize the terms of the Employment Agreement with Mr. Della Camera during the Transition Period and to file the agreement with the Companys periodic report covering the period during which the employment agreement is executed by all parties. Investors and other interested parties are encouraged to read the full text of the Employment Agreement when it becomes available because it will contain important terms not included in the summary above.

Mr. Della Camera, age 31, has served as the Deputy Chief Financial Officer of the Company since May 2024. In this role, he is responsible for the Companys financial planning and analysis, investor relations, and certain strategic initiatives and mergers and acquisitions. Prior to his current role, Mr. Della Camera served in roles including Director of Corporate Development and Financial Strategy from 2023 to 2024, Director of Financial Planning & Analysis from 2022 to 2023 and Senior Financial Manager from 2021 to 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Della Camera served in various roles at banking and financial institutions, including most recently serving as Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning for Peoples United Financial, Inc. from 2019 to 2021, where he was responsible for, among other things, supporting Executive management on a variety of corporate development initiatives and analyzing enterprise wide financial performance. Prior to its acquisition by M&T Bank Corporation, Peoples United Financial, Inc. was a bank holding company that provided commercial banking, retail and business banking and wealth management services to individual, corporate and municipal customers. Mr. Della Cameras career also includes tenures with Discover Financial Services and United Financial Bancorp, Inc. Mr. Della Camera is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) chartered through the CFA Institute and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics-Finance from Bentley University. 

Mr. Della Camera was not appointed pursuant to any arrangement or understanding with any person, and Mr. Della Camera does not have any family relationships with any directors or executive officers of the Company. Neither Mr. Della Camera nor any of his immediate family has been a party to any transactions with the Company during the Companys last two fiscal years, nor is any such transaction currently proposed, that would be reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Statements contained in this report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are predictive in nature and are identified by the use of the terms expected, will, look forward to, aim, and similar words or phrases indicating possible future expectations, events or actions. Statements concerning the Companys expectations concerning continued and future service arrangements with Ms. Mutch and Mr. Della Camera are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, assumptions and projections about our business and the Company, and are not guarantees of our future performance or outcomes. These statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are beyond our ability to control or predict, which may cause actual events to be materially different from those expressed or implied herein. The Company has provided additional information about the risks facing its business in its most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and any subsequent periodic and current reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, filed by it with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth herein and in the filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission identified above, which you should read in their entirety before making any investment or other decision with respect to our securities. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by applicable law. 

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 25, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Retirement of Ms. Mutch and the appointment of Mr. Della Camera as successor to Ms. Mutch in her role as CFO effective May 31, 2025 as described above. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this current report and incorporated herein by reference. Interested persons are encouraged to read the press release because it contains important information not summarized in this current report. Neither the information included or incorporated by reference under this Item 7.01, nor the press release furnished herewith, shall be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in any such subsequent a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Exhibit Description

10.1 

Transition Agreement

99.1 

Press Release dated February 25, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 25, 2025 

FIRST INTERSTATE BANCSYSTEM, INC.

By: /s/ KIRK D. JENSEN

Kirk D. Jensen

Executive Vice President and General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>fibk-20250225xtransitionag.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

TRANSITION AND SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

This Transition and Separation Agreement and General Release (the Agreement) is entered into by and among Marcy D. Mutch (Employee), First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. (the Company) and First Interstate Bank (the Bank and, together with the Company, First Interstate) with the Agreement to be effective as of February 24, 2025 (the Effective Date). 

RECITALS

Whereas, Employee serves as Chief Financial Officer of First Interstate (the CFO) pursuant to an employment agreement (the Employment Agreement), dated as of August 19, 2021, entered into by and between the Company, Bank and Employee (collectively, the Parties); 

Whereas, Employee will continue to serve as the CFO for a Transition Period (as defined below) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; 

Whereas, Employee and First Interstate acknowledge and agree that at the end of the Transition Period, Employee will cease to serve as CFO for First Interstate; 

Whereas, Employee has served as an executive of First Interstate for a lengthy period and has extensive institutional knowledge of First Interstate and its operations;

Whereas, First Interstate desires to employ Employee as an Executive Advisor during an Executive Advisor Period (as defined below), following the Transition Period, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and to retain her as a consultant following the end of the Executive Advisor Period;

Whereas, First Interstate acknowledges that continuing service to First Interstate during the Transition Period and the Executive Advisor Period will delay Employees retirement; and

Whereas, Employee and First Interstate acknowledge and agree that they desire to enter into this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of Employees transition through a period of time in order to support a smooth succession.

Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, Employee and First Interstate hereby agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT

1.Transition Period. Employee will continue to serve as the Chief Financial Officer during the period (the Transition Period) from February 24, 2025 (the Transition Date) through May 31, 2025 (the Specified CFO Separation Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Transition Period will be deemed to end on the earliest of the following dates and the Executive Advisor Period and Consulting Period pursuant to Sections 2 and 4 shall never commence in the event of Employees termination of employment with First Interstate for any of the following reasons (Early Transition Period Termination Event): (i) the Boards termination of Employees employment for Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement and modified by Section 1(h) below) at any time without prior notice to Employee (which the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) full authority to do pursuant to this Agreement), (ii) Employees termination by the Board without Cause or by Employee for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement), (iii) Employees death, (iv) Employees termination due to Disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), or (v) Employees termination without Good Reason. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) if Employees employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Employee for Good Reason during the Transition Period, Employee shall be entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in Section 4 of the Employment Agreement (and, to the extent applicable, Section 5 of the Employment Agreement); (b) if Employees employment is terminated as a result of death or disability, Section 6 of the Employment Agreement shall apply; and (c) if Employees employment is terminated by Employee without Good Reason, Section 7 of the Employment Agreement shall apply. For avoidance of doubt, in the event of the Boards termination of Employees employment for Cause during the Transition Period, the procedural protections under Section 8 of the Employment Agreement shall continue to apply to Employee.

a)During the Transition Period, Employee shall continue to report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO) and shall have duties and responsibilities that are substantially the same as her existing duties and responsibilities (the Transition Duties). 

b)During the Transition Period, Employee shall receive Employees base salary at the rate in effect as of the date hereof. Any increases to base salary during the Transition Period will be at the discretion of the CEO and subject to approval by the Companys Compensation and Human Capital Committee. 

c)The amount of Employees short-term incentive for 2024 (payable in 2025) shall be based on First Interstates actual achievement of business performance objectives and Employees achievement of personal performance objectives in a manner consistent with how such objectives are determined for other executive officers of First Interstate and paid at the same time as short-term incentive awards are paid to executive officers of First Interstate and in all events, each short-term incentive award will be paid in the calendar year following the calendar year to which the short-term incentive award relates. During the Transition Period, Employee shall continue to participate in First Interstates annual short-term incentive award based on Employees current target short-term incentive opportunity. The actual amount of the short-term incentive award for services rendered during the Transition Period (in 2025, paid in 2026) shall be in an amount determined by the CEO based on First Interstates actual achievement of business performance objectives and Employees achievement of personal performance objectives in a manner consistent with how such objectives are 

determined for other executive officers of First Interstate, prorated for the Transition Period, and paid at the same time as short-term incentive awards are paid to executive officers of First Interstate and in all events, each short-term incentive award will be paid in the calendar year following the calendar year to which the short-term incentive award relates (with Employee to be eligible for a separate prorated annual bonus amount during the Executive Advisor Period as described in Section 2(f) below). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any agreement or program document, Employee shall not be required to be employed on the bonus payment date to be entitled to receive the 2024 or 2025 annual short-term incentive award. 

d)During the Transition Period, Employee shall continue to participate in First Interstates long-term incentive award program. 

e)During the Transition Period, Employee shall continue to accrue paid vacation and shall remain eligible for all employee benefit plans available to executive officers of First Interstate through the Specified CFO Separation Date. First Interstate shall also continue to reimburse Employee for all reasonable business expenses incurred by Employee in the course of performing her Transition Duties in accordance with Company policies applicable to executive officers of First Interstate. 

f)All payments made to Employee during the Transition Period shall occur on customary payment dates and will be subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings. 

g)The parties agree that none of the changes set forth in this Agreement shall constitute or give rise to Good Reason as defined in the Employment Agreement. 

h)For purposes of Employees rights under this Agreement, Cause, as defined in the Employment Agreement, shall be modified to include a material breach by Employee of any provision of this Agreement, including, without limitation, in connection with performing the Transition Duties. 

i)In the event that the Transition Period ends as a result of Employees termination of employment with First Interstate due to an Early Transition Period Termination Event, such date of Employees termination of employment will constitute a Separation from Service as contemplated by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(ii). 

2.Executive Advisor Period. Provided the Transition Period did not end as a result of Employees termination of employment due to an Early Transition Period Termination Event, Employee will serve as the Executive Advisor during the period (the Executive Advisor Period) beginning on the day immediately following the last day of the Transition Period (the Advisor Start Date) through (i) the later of (x) six months from the end of the Transition Period, or (y) December 31, 2025; or (ii) the date of termination of Employees employment for Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement and modified by Section 1(h) above) during the Executive Advisor Period (the Separation Date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the CEO may terminate Employees employment for Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement and modified by Section 1(h) above) at any time without prior notice to Employee and the Consulting Period pursuant to Section 4 shall never commence. The actual date of Employees termination of employment under this Agreement shall be referred to herein as the Separation Date

a)The Parties agree that, provided that the Transition Period did not end as a result of Employees termination of employment due to an Early Transition Period Termination Event, the end of the Transition Period will constitute a Termination Upon Retirement under Section 7 of the Employment Agreement (but not for retirement and other benefit plan purposes), and that Employees continued employment during the Executive Advisor Period is governed solely by this Agreement and the terms of the various benefit plans (group health, retirement plans and otherwise) in which Employee participates and not by the Employment Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, if Employees employment is terminated by the Company during the Executive Advisor Period for any reason, Employee shall not be entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in the Employment Agreement. 

b)Pursuant to Section 9 of the Employment Agreement, Employees service as a Director of First Interstate Bank, any affiliate of First Interstate Bank, and the First Interstate BancSystem Foundation shall terminate immediately upon the end of the Transition Period. This Section 2(b) shall constitute a resignation notice for such purposes.

c)Effective as of the end of the Transition Period, Employee shall cease to be an executive officer of First Interstate and all of its affiliates. Employee agrees to take all actions reasonably requested by First Interstate in order to effect the forgoing.

d)During the Executive Advisor Period, Employee shall continue to report to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO) and shall have duties and responsibilities that are defined by the CEO and that the CEO may modify from time to time in the CEOs sole discretion (the Executive Advisor Duties) The Executive Advisor Duties are anticipated to include, subject to the CEOs discretion, providing strategic continuity and high-level support to the Company; assisting the CEO with the CFO transition; acting as a liaison between the Board, executive management, and the investment community as requested by the CEO; coordinating cross-functional initiatives; and assisting with investor relations until the new CFO or Interim CFO assumes that responsibility. 

e)During the Executive Advisor Period, Employee shall receive Employees base salary at the rate in effect as of the last day of the Transition Period. 

f)During the Executive Advisor Period, Employee shall continue to participate in First Interstates annual short-term incentive award based on Employees target short term incentive opportunity. The actual amount of the short-term incentive award for services rendered during the Executive Advisor Period shall be in an amount determined by the CEO based on First Interstates actual achievement of business performance objectives and Employees achievement of personal performance objectives in a manner consistent with how such objectives are determined for other executive officers of First Interstate and paid at the same time as short-term incentive awards are paid to executive officers of First Interstate, and in all events, each short-term incentive award will be paid in the calendar year following the calendar year to which the short-term incentive award relates. The target short-term incentive amount during the Executive Advisor Period shall be 75% of the target short-term incentive amount as of the last day of the Transition Period. The amount of short-term incentive for Executive Advisor Period Services in 2025 (payable in 2026) shall be awarded 

based on actual Company and Employee performance and shall be prorated for the Executive Advisor Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any agreement or program document, Employee shall not be required to be employed on the bonus payment date to be entitled to receive a prorated annual short term incentive award. 

g)During the Executive Advisor Period, Employee shall continue to be eligible to have existing long-term incentive awards vest according to their terms. 

h)During the Executive Advisor Period, Employee shall continue to accrue paid vacation and shall remain eligible for all employee benefit plans available to executive officers of First Interstate through the Separation Date, in accordance with the terms of such plans, including eligibility provisions. First Interstate shall also continue to reimburse Employee for all reasonable business expenses incurred by Employee in the course of performing her Executive Advisor Duties in accordance with Company policies applicable to executive officers of First Interstate. 

i)All payments made to Employee during the Executive Advisor Period shall occur on customary payment dates and will be subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings. 

j)During the Executive Advisor Period, the Parties agree that Employee shall be available to the CEO and other executive officers as requested by the CEO, and that Employee shall work in the office at the Companys headquarters or remotely as requested by the CEO. Employee shall have reasonable access to executive assistance and the First Interstate finance team during Executive Advisor Period.

k)During the Executive Advisor Period, Employee may not, at any time, act as a representative for or on behalf of the Company or its affiliates for any purpose or transaction, and may not bind or otherwise obligate the Company or its affiliates in any manner whatsoever, without obtaining the prior written approval of the CEO therefor.

3.Separation of Employment. 

a)For purposes of this Agreement, the Parties agree that a Separation from Service as contemplated by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(ii) shall occur on the Separation Date, provided that the Transition Period did not end as a result of Employees termination of employment due to an Early Transition Period Termination Event (in which case such Separation of Service will have occurred on the date of the Early Transition Period Termination Event).

b)As soon as practicable following the Separation Date, payment for all earned but unpaid salary, paid time off and reimbursable expenses will be deposited into Employees account.

c)First Interstate shall provide for twelve (12) months, at First Interstates expense, nontaxable medical (including any employer contributions to a health savings account), health, vision and dental coverage substantially comparable, as reasonably available, to the coverage maintained by First Interstate for Employee prior to Employees separation from service, except to the extent such coverage may be changed in its application to all First Interstates employees and then the 

coverage provided to Employee shall be commensurate with such changed coverage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable law (including, but not limited to, laws prohibiting discriminating in favor of highly compensated employees), or, if participation by Employee is not permitted under the terms of the applicable health plans, or if providing such benefits would subject First Interstate to penalties, then First Interstate shall pay Employee a cash lump sum payment reasonably estimated to be equal to the premiums for such nontaxable medical, health, vision and dental coverage, with such payment to be made by lump sum within thirty (30) business days of the Separation Date, or if later, the date on which First Interstate determines that such insurance coverage (or the remainder of such insurance coverage) cannot be provided for the foregoing reasons.

d)Other than the obligations of First Interstate as set forth under the terms of this Agreement, including with respect to the Consulting Period, or under a benefit, retirement (including the Companys Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan), or equity plan sponsored or maintained by First Interstate, Employee represents and agrees that, as of the Separation Date, Employee shall not be entitled to any other wages, salary, bonuses (other than any short-term incentive award related to a previous or current calendar year that has not been paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) , or any other compensation or reimbursements from First Interstate including, but not limited, to compensation under the Employment Agreement. 

e)Unless the Transition Period ended as a result of Employees termination of employment due to an Early Transition Period Termination Event, effective as of the Separation Date, Employees employment with First Interstate and all of its affiliates shall terminate and Employee shall cease to be an employee of all of the foregoing and Employee agrees to take all actions reasonably requested by First Interstate in order to effect the forgoing. 

4.Consulting Period

a)Provided that Employees employment with First Interstate is not terminated prior to the Separation Date, from and following the Separation Date through the first anniversary of the Separation Date (or such earlier date as determined pursuant to this Section 4) (such applicable date, the Consulting Period End Date, and such period between the Separation Date through the Consulting Period End Date, the Consulting Period), Employee shall serve as a non-employee consultant to the Company providing such transition and advisory services to the Company, as may be reasonably requested by the Company from time to time during the Consulting Period (the Consulting Services). The Company and Employee intend such Consulting Services will constitute less than 20% of the average level of services provided by Employee in the thirty-six months prior to the Separation Date.

b)As soon as practicable following the beginning of the Consulting Period, Executive shall be granted a long-term incentive award pursuant to the Companys 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan) with an aggregate grant date value of eight hundred and sixty thousand dollars ($860,000) (Consulting Grant) as compensation for the Consulting Services. The Consulting Grant shall be in the form of time-based restricted stock units that 

vest on the Consulting Period End Date, subject to continued performance of the Consulting Services through such vesting date, without exception other than as provided in Section 4(c) below related to the Employees termination without cause (as defined below). The terms and conditions of the Consulting Grant shall be subject to the final approval by the Board or a committee of the Board and set forth in the applicable award agreement. As a condition to receiving the Consulting Grant and any other benefits relating to the Consulting Services, Employee must execute and not revoke the Reaffirmation (as set forth on Exhibit A).

c)The Consulting Period may be terminated by Employee prior to the Consulting Period End Date upon 30 days prior written notice to the Company. Employee agrees and acknowledges that, subject to the exceptions set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement, Employee shall not use or disclose any Confidential Information (as defined in the Employment Agreement) made available to Employee or to which Employee has access to during the Consulting Period. The Consulting Period may be terminated by the Company prior to the Consulting Period End Date upon 30 days prior written notice to Employee; provided, that in the event that the Consulting Period is terminated by the Company prior to the Consulting Period End Date without cause, the Company shall deem the Consulting Services as performed through the end of the Consulting Period for purposes of Section 4(b) of this Agreement (and, for avoidance of doubt, the equity award described in Section 4(b) would vest and settle on the Consulting Period End Date). For purposes of this Section 4(c), a termination of the Consulting Period upon the occurrence of one of the following events will not be deemed to be a termination without cause: (i) willful dishonesty in performing the Consulting Duties; or (ii) material incompetence in performing the Consulting Duties; (iii) willful misconduct that in the judgment of the CEO will likely cause economic damage to First Interstate or injury to the business reputation of First Interstate; (iv) intentional failure to performing the Consulting Services after written notice thereof from First Interstate; (v) willful violation of any law, rule, or regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) that reflect adversely on the reputation of First Interstate, any felony conviction, any violation of law involving moral turpitude, or any violation of a final cease-and-desist order; or (vi) material breach by Employee of any provision of this Agreement.

d)It is understood and agreed that Employee shall perform the Consulting Services as an independent contractor, and the Consulting Services provided under Section 4 of this Agreement are not intended by the parties to establish an employment relationship. Employee may not, at any time, act as a representative for or on behalf of the Company or its affiliates for any purpose or transaction, and may not bind or otherwise obligate the Company or its affiliates in any manner whatsoever, without obtaining the prior written approval of the Company therefor. Employee shall be solely responsible for the payment of any federal, state or local income, withholding or payroll taxes owed by Employee solely due to the receipt of compensation for providing Consulting Services under this Agreement, and shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from any claims, assessments or liabilities from a taxing authority relating to any such taxes. In her capacity as a consultant, Employee shall not be entitled to 

participate in any employee benefit plans of the Company or any of its affiliates (provided that Employee may participate in the benefit plans of the Company and its affiliates in her status as a former employee of the Company where applicable). 

5.Employee Protection. Nothing in this Agreement or otherwise limits Employees ability to communicate directly with and provide information, including documents, not otherwise protected from disclosure by any applicable law or privilege to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or any other federal, state, local or international governmental agency or commission (Government Agency) regarding possible legal violations, without disclosure to First Interstate. First Interstate may not retaliate against Employee for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Employee to waive any monetary award or other payment that Employee might become entitled to from the SEC or any other Government Agency. 

6.Release in Full of all Claims.

a)For purposes of this Agreement, Released Parties means First Interstate and any of its past and present affiliated or related corporations, banks, and businesses; its predecessors and successors; and its past and present trustees, directors, officers, board members, agents, representatives, employees, and attorneys, past and present, and any other person or entity who might be claimed to be liable, including the marital estate of the Released Party. 

b)In consideration for the payments and benefits by First Interstate to Employee set forth in this Agreement, Employee agrees that Employee will comply with the terms set forth in this Agreement; and Employee hereby acknowledges full and complete satisfaction of and fully releases and forever discharges the Released Parties from any and all claims, obligations, duties, damages or liabilities, known or unknown, arising out of or in any way related to Employees employment with First Interstate, including without limitation, state and federal common law or statutory claims regulating employment; and any and all tort, contract, common law, or statutory claims of any kind whatsoever. Specifically, the claims Employee is releasing hereby include, but are not limited to: 

(i)Claims for discrimination or retaliation, 

(1)on the basis of taking a leave of absence, including in violation of the Family and Medical Leave Act, and its state equivalent, and any state or local paid sick leave laws; workers' compensation statutes; the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, and its state equivalent; USERRA; any federal, state or local laws protecting sick, injured, or disabled workers; or 

(2)on the basis of a denial of leave under any local, state or federal law allowing for such leave; or 

(3)on the basis of race, color, sex, national origin, ancestry, religion, marital status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected under applicable law, including claims of harassment 

(including in violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, or similar state or local law); or

(4)on the basis of age (including in violation of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), as amended, or similar state law); or 

(5)on the basis of disability (including in violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, or similar state law); or 

(6)on the basis of sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, pregnancy, veteran status, source of income, entitlement to benefits, genetic information, concerted activities, or any other status protected by local, state or federal laws, constitutions, regulations, ordinances or executive orders; or

(7)on the basis of aiding, abetting, inciting, coercing, or compelling with respect to any claim;

(ii)Violations of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) or the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) or similar state law; or 

(iii)Violation of the Occupational Health and Safety Act (OSHA) or similar state law; or

(iv)Claims for breach of contract related to personnel policies, procedures, handbooks, any covenant of good faith and fair dealing, or any express or implied contract of any kind; or 

(v)Violations of public policy, state, federal or local statutory and/or common law, including but not limited to claims for: personal injury; invasion of privacy; retaliatory discharge; wrongful discharge; negligent hiring, retention or supervision; defamation; intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress and/or mental anguish; intentional interference with contract; negligence; detrimental reliance; loss of consortium to Employee or any member of her family; and/or promissory estoppel; or 

(vi)Any obligation of First Interstate for any reason to pay Employee damages, penalties, expenses, litigation costs (including attorneys fees), back pay, front pay, disability or other benefits (other than any accrued pension benefits), wages, salary, benefits or other additional compensation, compensatory damages, punitive damages, and/or interest. 

c)The Parties acknowledge further that in the event Employee brings a claim in which Employee seeks damages against a Released Party or in the event Employee seeks to recover against a Released Party in any claim brought by a Government Agency on Employees behalf, this release shall serve as a complete defense to any such claims. Employee waives the right to recover any money or other compensation in connection with a governmental charge or investigation and will remit any monies recovered in any such action to First Interstate.

d)Excluded from the released claims above are: 

(i)Claims which Employee cannot waive by law;

(ii)Claims for breach of this Agreement; 

(iii)Claims, which arise after the date Employee signs this Agreement;

(iv)Employee's right to file a charge with an administrative agency or to participate in any agency investigation, subject to the limitations in Section 5 and Section 6(c);

(v)Claims for benefits under tax-qualified plans or other benefit plans in which Employee is vested (including claims under retirement or equity plans sponsored or maintained by First Interstate or the Companys Deferred Compensation Plan); and 

(vi)Claims with respect to indemnification, contribution, advancement of expenses and/or coverage under any director and officer or other insurance policy.

e)Subject to the second sentence of this Section 6(e), First Interstate, on behalf of itself, its subsidiaries and controlled affiliates, hereby acknowledges full and complete satisfaction of and releases and forever discharges Employee from any and all claims, obligations, duties, damages or liabilities, known or unknown, arising out of or in any way related to Employees employment with First Interstate, including without limitation, state and federal common law or statutory claims regulating employment; and any and all tort, contract, common law, or statutory claims of any kind whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, First Interstate does not release Employee from claims arising out of or attributable to: (i) events, acts, or omissions taking place after the date hereof; (ii) Employees breach of the terms and conditions of the Agreement; and (iii) any criminal activities, misconduct or gross negligence by Employee occurring during the Employees employment with First Interstate, resulting in harm to First Interstate. 

7.Return of Property.Employee will return to First Interstate all documents, correspondence, reports, files, memoranda, manuals, ledgers, and records of any kind whatsoever; credit cards and passes; door and file keys; equipment; computer hardware; software; files and disks; password or logons to First Interstates social media platforms; and other physical property that Employee received or prepared or helped prepare in connection with Employees employment and that Employee had in Employees possession as and when requested by First Interstate. Employee shall not retain any copies, duplicates, reproductions, or excerpts thereof.

8.Confidential Information Employee will not discuss with any other persons any confidential or proprietary information relating to the business of the Released Parties, to which Employee may have become privy while employed by First Interstate. Previous non-disclosure agreements between Employee and First Interstate are incorporated herein by reference and remain in full force and effect.

9.Survival of Non-Solicitation and Other Covenants. Section 11 of the Employment Agreement, captioned Post-Termination Obligations, which includes, but is not limited to, a post-Separation Date non-solicitation restriction, a non-competition provision and confidentiality restrictions, is hereby incorporated by reference herein and remains in full force and effect, with the Termination Date set forth in the Employment Agreement to be the end of the Transition Period (also referred to as the Separation Date) set forth in this Agreement and Section 11(f) of the Employment Agreement shall be deemed to apply to the payments described in Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement. 

10.No Admission of Liability. This Agreement will not in any way be construed as an admission by the Released Parties that they have acted wrongfully with respect to Employee or any other person, or that Employee has any claims whatsoever against the Released Parties, and the Released Parties specifically disclaim any liability to or wrongful acts against Employee or any other person. 

11.Waiver.This agreement contains a waiver of Employees rights and claims under the ADEA. The waiver must be knowing and voluntary, which means, as a minimum, that Employee understands that: 

a)the waiver is part of an agreement between Employee and First Interstate and is written so that Employee understands it; 

b)the waiver specifically refers to rights or claims under the ADEA; 

c)Employee does not waive any rights or claims that may arise after execution of this Agreement; 

d)Employees waiver is in exchange for consideration that is more valuable than what Employee is already entitled to; 

e)Employee is advised to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; 

f)Employee has up to 21 days after receipt of this Agreement and its accompanying disclosures to decide whether to execute it (Consideration Period). Should Employee execute the Agreement prior to the expiration of the 21-day Consideration Period, Employee has knowingly waived her right to consider the Agreement for 21 days; and 

g)By executing this Agreement, Employee acknowledges that Employee understands the above points, and represents that Employees waiver is knowing and voluntary. 

12.Revocation. Employee hereby acknowledges and understands that Employee shall have seven (7) days from the date of Employees execution of this Agreement to revoke this Agreement (including, without limitation, any and all claims arising under the ADEA) by providing written notice of revocation delivered to Rachel Turitto, Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of First Interstate, no later than 5:00 p.m. on the seventh day after Employee has signed the Agreement. In addition, Employee acknowledges and understands that Employee shall have seven (7) days from the date of the Reaffirmation, to revoke such Reaffirmation; provided that any revocation of the Reaffirmation shall revoke only Employees release of claims that were not otherwise released upon her initial execution and non-revocation of this Agreement. Neither First Interstate nor any other person is obligated to provide any payments or benefits to Employee pursuant to this Agreement, or the Reaffirmation, as applicable, if Employee revokes this Agreement. If Employee revokes this 

Agreement pursuant to this Section 12, Employee shall be deemed not to have accepted the terms of this Agreement, and no action shall be required of First Interstate under any section of this Agreement. This Agreement and the Reaffirmation, in each case, will not become effective and enforceable until the eighth day after Employees signature (if not revoked pursuant to the terms of this paragraph). 

13.Cooperation. During the Transition Period, Executive Advisor Period, and thereafter, upon request from First Interstate, Employee agrees to cooperate with First Interstate in the defense of any claims or actions that may be made by or against any member of First Interstate, or in connection with any governmental investigation or proceeding, in each case that relates to Employees actual or prior areas of responsibility; provided that, First Interstate shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of Employees other activities and shall pay or reimburse Employee for any reasonable, pre-approved travel and other direct expenses reasonably incurred by Employee following the Separation Date to comply with Employees obligations under this Section 13. 

14.No Disparagement or Harm. Employee agrees not to criticize, denigrate or disparage First Interstate or any one of its products, services or practices or those associated with First Interstate, including, without limitation, any employees, officers or directors of First Interstate. First Interstate agrees not to publish any statement that would, and to instruct each executive officer and each member of the Board of First Interstate, not to denigrate or disparage Employee. The foregoing shall not be violated by truthful statements in response to legal process, required governmental testimony or filings, or administrative or arbitral proceedings (including depositions in connection with such proceedings or other legally protected disclosures or communications). 

15.No Representations. Employee acknowledges that Released Parties have not made and do not make any representations regarding the tax consequences of this Agreement or any payments made hereunder. First Interstate will make the normal employer contributions including FICA, Medicare, workers compensation, and unemployment insurance related to the payments due hereunder, except with respect to the payments made pursuant to Section 4 relating to the Consulting Period. 

16.Full and Independent Knowledge/No Representations. First Interstate hereby advises Employee to have this Agreement reviewed by independent counsel. Employee enters into this Agreement with full knowledge of the situation, without any representation of any kind being made by First Interstate or its representatives, other than those contained herein. Employee represents and agrees that Employee has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Agreement, and that Employee is voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 

17.Legal Fee Reimbursement. Upon presentation of reasonable documentation, First Interstate shall reimburse Employee for reasonable and customary attorneys fees incurred in connection with the review and finalization of this Agreement, up to a maximum amount of $20,000 in the aggregate. 

18.Miscellaneous. 

a)This Agreement is made and entered into in the State of Montana and must in all respects be interpreted, enforced, and governed under the laws of the State of Montana. 

b)Any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement will be litigated in courts located in Yellowstone County, Montana. Each party consents and submits to the jurisdiction of any local, state, or federal court located in Yellowstone County, Montana. 

c)If any action, suit, or proceeding is instituted to interpret, enforce, or rescind this Agreement, or otherwise in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement, including but not limited to any proceeding brought under the United States Bankruptcy Code, the prevailing party on a claim will be entitled to recover with respect to the claim, in addition to any other relief awarded, the prevailing partys reasonable attorney's fees and other fees, costs, and expenses of every kind incurred in connection with the arbitration, action, suit, or proceeding, any appeal or petition for review, the collection of any award, or the enforcement of any order, as determined by the arbitrator or court.

d)The terms and provisions of this Agreement are contractual and comprise the entire agreement between the parties. This Agreement supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings between the parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement other than expressly referenced herein. 

e)Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to violate any applicable law, rule or regulation. If any part of this Agreement is construed to be in violation of a federal, state or local law, rule or regulation by the highest court to which the matter is appealed by any of the Released Parties, then that part shall be null and void, but the balance of the provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

19.Section 409A.

a)It is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement shall either be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including the Treasury regulations and other published guidance relating thereto (the Code), so as not to subject Employee to payment of any interest or additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code (Section 409A). To the extent that any amount payable under a First Interstate benefit plan or agreement would trigger any additional tax, penalty or interest imposed by Section 409A, First Interstate shall use reasonable efforts to modify such plan or agreement to the extent necessary to avoid such additional tax, penalty or interest yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably possible) the intended benefit payable to Employee. 

b)If at the time of Employees separation from service, Employee is a specified employee, as hereinafter defined, any and all amounts payable under this Agreement in connection with such separation from service that constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, as determined by First Interstate in its sole discretion, and that would (but for this sentence) be payable within six months following such separation from service, shall instead be paid on the date that follows the date of such separation from service by six months. For purposes of the preceding sentence, separation from service shall be determined in a manner consistent with subsection (a)(2)(A)(i) of Section 409A and the term specified employee shall mean an individual determined by First Interstate to be a specified employee as defined in subsection (a)(2)(B)(i) of Section 409A. 

c)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent required by Section 409A, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment made under this Agreement shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, except to the extent any expense, reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided pursuant to this Agreement does not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, (i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee during any calendar year shall not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided to Employee in any other calendar year, (ii) the reimbursements for expenses for which Employee is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable expense is incurred and (iii) the right to payment or reimbursement or in-kind benefits hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit. 

20.EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE HAS FULLY READ AND FULLY UNDERSTANDS THIS AGREEMENT; THAT EMPLOYEE ENTERED INTO IT FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY AND WITHOUT COERCION OR PROMISES NOT CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT; THAT EMPLOYEE WAS GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL OF EMPLOYEES CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING IT; AND THAT EMPLOYEE CONSULTED WITH AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO SIGNING IT. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

DATED: this February 24, 2025

/s/ MARCY D. MUTCH_____________

Marcy D. Mutch

Agreed to by First Interstate BancSystem, Inc.

/s/ JAMES A. REUTER February 24, 2025

James A. Reuter

President & Chief Executive Officer Date

Agreed to by First Interstate Bank

/s/ JAMES A. REUTER February 24, 2025

James A. Reuter

President & Chief Executive Officer Date
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>fibk-20250225xex991pr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99.1

For Immediate Release 

First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. Announces Chief Financial Officer Succession

Billings, Mont., February 25, 2025 - First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. (NASDAQ: FIBK) (First Interstate or the Company) announced today that Marcy D. Mutch notified the Company of her intention to retire as a full-time employee at the end of 2025 after more than 18 years of faithful service to the Company, and to step down after a transition period as the Companys Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) effective May 31, 2025. Ms. Mutch has agreed to serve as an executive advisor to the Company through the end of 2025 after she steps down from her executive officer role, during which time she will be expected to assist the Company with, among other things, providing strategic continuity and high-level support to the Company, assisting the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) with the continuation of the CFO role transition, acting as a liaison between the board of directors of the Company, executive management, and the Companys investment community as requested by the CEO, coordinating cross-functional initiatives, and assisting with investor relations. Ms. Mutch also has agreed to serve as a consultant to the Company following her retirement from employment through December 31, 2026.

In connection with the announced retirement, the Company also announced today it had appointed David P. Della Camera, the Companys Deputy CFO, to succeed Ms. Mutch as Executive Vice President and CFO of the Company beginning June 1, 2025. Mr. Della Cameras appointment is part of a multi-year, strategic succession plan that has been utilized as Ms. Mutch approached normal retirement age to enable a seamless transition of this role.

We are grateful for Marcys significant contributions during her over 18-year tenure at First Interstate, which spanned the Companys initial public offering of equity securities with SEC that was completed in early 2010. Marcys deep knowledge of First Interstate paired with her financial industry experience has been instrumental in our financial performance over her decade of service as CFO, said James A. Reuter, President and CEO of the Company. Marcys commitment to the succession planning process, including her willingness to remain with First Interstate in a consulting capacity through 2026, will continue to benefit First Interstate as we welcome David to the role of CFO."

It has been a privilege to serve as First Interstates CFO and to work alongside my exceptional colleagues, Ms. Mutch said. Looking ahead, I am thrilled to have David step into the role of CFO, and I am confident that his strong financial leadership experience, both at First Interstate and beyond, will help ensure First Interstates future success. 

Mr. Della Camera joined First Interstate in 2021 and has held a range of senior finance leadership roles at the Company, including, most recently as Deputy CFO. In this role, Mr. Della Camera was responsible for First Interstates financial planning and analysis, investor relations, and strategic initiatives including mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Della Camera has also served as the Companys Director of Corporate Development and Financial Strategy as well as Director of Financial Planning and Analysis, giving him a comprehensive and deep understanding of First Interstates financial and reporting functions.

It is an honor to step into the role of CFO, Mr. Della Camera said. As Deputy CFO, I have benefited immensely from Marcys guidance and look forward to continuing the momentum she has worked so diligently to create. 

About First Interstate BancSystem, Inc.

First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. is a financial and bank holding company focused on community banking. Incorporated in 1971 and headquartered in Billings, Montana, the Company operates banking offices, including detached drive-up facilities, in communities across Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington, and Wyoming, in addition to offering online and mobile banking services. Through its bank subsidiary, First Interstate Bank, the Company delivers a comprehensive range of banking products and services to individuals, businesses, municipalities, and others throughout the Companys market areas.

1

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are predictive in nature and are identified by the use of the terms expected, will, look forward to, aim, and similar words or phrases indicating possible future expectations, events or actions. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, assumptions and projections about our business and the Company, and are not guarantees of our future performance or outcomes. These statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are beyond our ability to control or predict, which may cause actual events to be materially different from those expressed or implied herein. The Company has provided additional information about the risks facing its business in its most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and any subsequent periodic and current reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, filed by it with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth herein and in the filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission identified above, which you should read in their entirety before making any investment or other decision with respect to our securities. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by applicable law.

Company Contact: 

David P. Della Camera, CFA NASDAQ: FIBK

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

(406) 255-5363

investor.relations@fib.com www.FIBK.com

Media Contact: 

Sara Becker 

Director of Marketing and Communications

(406) 255-5314

sara.becker@fib.com 

Category: Other Corporate News

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>fibk-20250220.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fibk-20250220_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fibk-20250220_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fibslogo2linea04a.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>FIBK LOGO
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 20, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 20, 2025

Entity Registrant Name FIRST INTERSTATE BANCSYSTEM, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-34653

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-0331430

Entity Address, Address Line One 401 North 31st Street

Entity Address, City or Town Billings,

Entity Address, State or Province MT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 59101

City Area Code (406)

Local Phone Number 255-5311

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.00001 par value

Trading Symbol FIBK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000860413

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.fibk.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fibk-20250220.htm 
fibk-20250220.xsd 
fibk-20250220_lab.xml 
fibk-20250220_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0000860413-25-000015-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>fibk-20250220_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000860413 

2025-02-20 
2025-02-20 

false 
0000860413 
8-K 
2025-02-20 
FIRST INTERSTATE BANCSYSTEM, INC. 
DE 
001-34653 
81-0331430 
401 North 31st Street 
Billings, 
MT 
59101 
(406) 
255-5311 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.00001 par value 
FIBK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>