<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950157-25-000330.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0000950157-25-000330.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421161824
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950157-25-000330
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Paragon 28, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001531978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				273170186
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40902
		FILM NUMBER:		25853415

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14445 GRASSLANDS DRIVE
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-912-1332

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14445 GRASSLANDS DRIVE
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false12-310001531978DECO00015319782025-04-172025-04-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 21, 2025 (April 17, 2025)

Paragon 28, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-40902

27-3170186

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

14445 Grasslands Drive

Englewood, Colorado80112

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(720) 912-1332

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value

FNA

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Introductory Note.

On April 21, 2025 (the Closing Date), Paragon 28, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (Paragon 28 or the Company), completed the previously announced merger
of Gazelle Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub), a wholly owned subsidiary of Zimmer, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), and a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (Zimmer Biomet), with and into the
Company (the Merger), with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Zimmer
Biomet (sometimes referred to as the Surviving Corporation). The Merger was effected pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 28, 2025 (the Merger Agreement), by and among Parent, Merger Sub, the Company, and for certain provisions of the Merger Agreement, Zimmer Biomet, as previously disclosed by the Company on
January 29, 2025 in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Item 1.02

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

Loan Agreement

As previously reported, the Company entered into that certain Business Loan Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2022, as amended as of
November 10, 2022 and as amended as of November 2, 2023 (as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement), by and
among the Company, as borrower, and Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Vectra Bank Colorado, together with its successors and assigns, as lender, as evidenced by that certain Promissory Note (Term Loan) dated as of March 24, 2022, executed by the Company
in connection with the Loan Agreement (the Note). On the Closing Date, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the Company terminated and repaid in full all
outstanding obligations due under the Note and the Loan Agreement.

Credit Agreement

As previously reported, the Company entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2023 (as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time the Credit Agreement), by and among the Company, as administrative borrower, Paragon Advanced Technologies, Inc., as
borrower (together with the Company, the Borrowers), the other guarantors party thereto from time to time, the lenders party from time to time thereto, Ares Capital
Corporation, as collateral agent and administrative agent and ACF FinCo I LP, as revolving agent for the revolving lenders. On the Closing Date, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the Borrowers terminated and repaid in full all
outstanding obligations due under the Credit Agreement.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 1.02.

Item 2.01

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

Merger Agreement

On the Closing Date, pursuant to and in accordance with the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the
Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time),
each outstanding share of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Company common stock) (other than shares owned by the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or any
of their respective subsidiaries (which shares were canceled) and shares with respect to which appraisal rights were properly exercised and not withdrawn under Delaware law), was automatically converted into the right to receive (i) $13.00 in cash,
without interest (the Merger Consideration) and (ii) one contractual contingent value right pursuant to the CVR Agreement (as defined and described below, a CVR).

On April 18, 2025, Parent, Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, and, for certain provisions, Zimmer Biomet entered into the Contingent Value
Rights Agreement in the form attached as Exhibit A to the Merger Agreement (the CVR Agreement), governing the terms of the CVRs to be received by the Companys
stockholders. The CVRs are not transferable except under certain limited circumstances, are not evidenced by a certificate or other instrument and are not registered or listed for trading. The CVRs do not have any voting or dividend rights and do not
represent any equity or ownership interest in the Company, Zimmer Biomet, Parent, Merger Sub or any of their affiliates.

Each CVR represents the right to receive a cash payment of up to $1.00 per CVR. The cash payment will become payable upon achievement of
Net Revenue (as defined in the CVR Agreement) in excess of $346 million during the period from January 1, 2026 through December 31, 2026 and will be determined linearly based on Net Revenue in excess of $346 million up to $361 million, with no
payment being payable if Net Revenue during the applicable period is less than $346 million and the full cash payment of $1.00 per CVR being payable if Net Revenue during the applicable period is at least $361 million.

There can be no assurance that the milestone will be achieved during the relevant period, and that the resulting milestone payments will
occur.

In addition, as of the Effective Time, each stock option to purchase
shares of Company common stock (each, a stock option) that was outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the Effective Time vested and was cancelled, with the holder thereof becoming entitled to receive, with respect to each
share of Company common stock underlying such stock option, (i) an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the Merger Consideration over (B) the per share exercise price for such stock option, and (ii) one CVR, in each
case subject to applicable withholding taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the exercise price per share of Company common stock of such stock option was equal to or greater than the sum of the Merger Consideration and the maximum Milestone
Payment (as defined in the CVR Agreement), such stock option was cancelled without any cash payment, CVR or other consideration being made in respect thereof, and if the exercise price per share of Company common stock of such stock option was
equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration, but less than the sum of the Merger Consideration and the maximum Milestone Payment (as defined in the CVR Agreement), such stock option wascancelled and converted into the right to receive solely one CVR (where the amount payable pursuant to the CVR Agreement, if any, shall be reduced
by the portion of such stock options per share exercise price that exceeds the Merger Consideration).

As of the Effective Time, each restricted stock unit with respect to Company common stock subject solely to time-based vesting conditions
(each, an RSU) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time vested and was cancelled, with the holder thereof becoming entitled to receive, with
respect to each share of Company common stock subject to such RSU, (i) an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the Merger Consideration and (ii) one CVR, in each case subject to applicable withholding taxes.

As of the Effective Time, each restricted stock unit with respect
to Company common stock subject to both performance-based and time-based vesting conditions (each, a PSU) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time vested, as required pursuant to the award agreements applicable thereto, assuming attainment of performance goals at a level specified in the confidential disclosure letter delivered by the Company and was cancelled, with the holder
thereof becoming entitled to receive, with respect to each share of Company common stock subject to such vested PSU, (i) an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the Merger Consideration and (ii) one CVR, in each case subject to applicable
withholding taxes.

The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement and the CVR Agreement contained in this Item 2.01 do not purport to be complete and
are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement. A copy of the Merger Agreement and the CVR Agreement were filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on January
29, 2025, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, on April 21, 2025, the Company notified the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) that the Merger had occurred and requested that the NYSE (a) suspend trading of the Company common stock and (b) file with the SEC an application on Form 25 to delist and
deregister the Company common stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The delisting of the Company common stock
from NYSE will be effective 10 days after the filing of the Form 25. Following the effectiveness of such Form 25, the Company intends to file with the SEC a certification on Form 15 requesting the termination of registration of the Company common
stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company common stock. Trading of the Company common stock on the NYSE was halted
prior to the opening of trading on the Closing Date.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.01.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

As a result of the Merger, each share of Company common stock that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
(except as described in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K) was converted, at the Effective Time, into the right to receive the Merger Consideration and one CVR. Accordingly, at the Effective Time, the holders of such shares of Company
common stock ceased to have any rights as stockholders of the Company, other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration and one CVR.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this report is incorporated by
reference in this Item 3.03.

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change of control of the Company occurred on the Closing Date and the Company became a
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this report is
incorporated by reference in this Item 5.01.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.02.

Upon the consummation of the Merger, each of Albert DaCosta, Quentin Blackford, Dave Demski, Alf Grunwald, B. Kris Johnson, Stephen
Oesterle, Megan Scanlon, Tom Schnettler and Krissy Wright ceased to be a member of the board of directors of the Company. At the Effective Time, the sole director of Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the Effective Time became the sole director of
the Surviving Corporation.

Officer Changes and Arrangements

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, each of Albert DaCosta, Chadi Chahine, Matthew Jarboe, Robert McCormack and Andrew
Hill ceased to be an executive officer of the Company as of the Effective Time. At the Effective Time, Mark Bezjak, Suketu Upadhyay and Paul Stellato became officers of the Surviving Corporation.

On April 17, 2025, Chadi Chahine delivered a letter of resignation to the Company and Parent to notify the Company and Parent of his
decision to resign as Chief Financial Officer and EVP of Supply Chain Operations of the Company, effective upon the consummation of the Merger. Mr. Chahines resignation will be treated as a resignation for Good Reason (as such term is defined in his
employment agreement). The Company has agreed to waive the notice requirement and any required actions during the cure period in connection with Mr. Chahines resignation for Good Reason. This resignation is by virtue of the consummation of the
Merger and is not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies, or practices.

Employment Agreements Amendments

On April 21, 2025, the Company and each of Chadi Chahine, Robert McCormack and Andrew Hill entered into an amendment to their existing
employment agreement to provide that, in connection with a qualifying termination of employment with the Company, (i) the aggregate amount of severance payable will be paid in a lump-sum within 30 days following the effective date instead of in
installments over a pre-determined period of time and (ii) the annual bonus with respect to calendar year 2025 will be paid in a lump-sum within 30 days following the effective date in target amounts of $597,712.50 for Mr. Chahine, $349,312.50 for
Mr. McCormack and $197,760.94 for Mr. Hill (these amounts include the pro rata bonuses due under the Merger Agreement) instead of actual amounts when annual bonuses are generally paid to seniors executives of the Company. Payments to each of Messrs.
Chahine, McCormack and Hill pursuant to the employment agreement amendments are subject to execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in favor of the Company.

Letter Agreements

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, on April 17, 2025, the Company delivered a letter agreement (a Letter Agreement) to each of Albert DaCosta and Chadi Chahine to provide for entitlement to a tax reimbursement payment in respect of the excise taxes imposed under Section
4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, in relation to the payments, benefits or distributions (or combination thereof) paid to Messrs. DaCosta or Chahine by the Company, Parent or any of their affiliates in connection with the
consummation of the Merger. The tax reimbursement payment amounts are $2,767,180 for Mr. DaCosta and $2,536,917 for Mr. Chahine.

Receipt of the reimbursement payment pursuant to the Letter Agreement is in consideration for each of Messrs. DaCosta and Chahine
agreeing to the covenants and agreements set forth in the Letter Agreement, including execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in favor of Parent, the Company and their respective affiliates and continued employment with the
Company and its subsidiaries through immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger. The forgoing description of the Letter Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Form
of Letter Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

At the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation was amended and restated in the form set forth as
Exhibit B to the Merger Agreement. At the Effective Time, the bylaws of the Company were amended and restated to be substantially identical to the bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time.

Copies of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation are
filed as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2 hereto, respectively, and are incorporated by reference in this Item 5.03.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.03.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit 

Description

2.1* 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 28, 2025 by
and among Zimmer Inc., Paragon 28, Inc, Gazelle Merger Sub I and Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Paragon 28, Inc. on January 29, 2025

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of Paragon 28, Inc., dated April 21, 2025

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Paragon 28,
Inc., dated April 21, 2025

10.1* 

Form of Letter Agreement

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* 

Schedules and exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted
schedule or exhibit upon request by the SEC.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PARAGON 28, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Chad F. Phipps 

Name: 

Chad F. Phipps 

Title:

Senior Vice President and Secretary 

Date: April 21, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

PARAGON 28, INC.

FIRST: The name of the corporation is
PARAGON 28, INC. (the Corporation).

SECOND: The address of the
Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19808. The name of the Corporations registered agent at such address is Corporation Service
Company.

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may now or hereafter be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL).

FOURTH: The total number of shares of
stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 1,000 shares of common stock, having a par value of $0.01 per share.

FIFTH: The business and affairs of
the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors (the Board), and the directors need not be elected by written ballot
unless required by the bylaws of the Corporation.

SIXTH: In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal in any respect any or all of the bylaws of the Corporation.

SEVENTH: No director of the
Corporation shall have any personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under
the DGCL as the same exists or hereafter may be amended. Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article SEVENTH, or the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article SEVENTH,
shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption. If the DGCL is amended after approval by the stockholders of
this Article SEVENTH to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as
so amended.

EIGHTH: The following indemnification
provisions shall apply to the persons enumerated below.

A.The Corporation
shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any 

director or officer of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding) by reason of the fact that he or she, or a
person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while serving as a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another Corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including
attorneys fees, judgments, fines ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in
Section C. of this Article NINTH, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person only if the Proceeding was authorized in the specific case by the Board.

B.The Corporation
shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any employee or agent of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a
party or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the
Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss
suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding.

C.The Corporation
shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by any officer or director of the Corporation, and may pay the expenses incurred by any employee or agent of the Corporation, in
defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking
by the person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article EIGHTH or otherwise.

D.If a claim for
indemnification (following the final disposition of such Proceeding) under this Article EIGHTH is not paid in full within sixty (60) days, or a claim for advancement of expenses under this Article EIGHTH is not paid in full within thirty (30) days,
after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation the claimant may thereafter (but not before) file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense
of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any such action the 

Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the claimant was not entitled to the requested indemnification or payment of
expenses under applicable law.

E.The rights
conferred on any person by this Article EIGHTH shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, bylaws, agreement,
vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

F.The Corporation
may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust enterprise or non-profit entity against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the
Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of the DGCL.

G.The Corporations
obligation, if any, to indemnify or advance expenses to any person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity shall be
reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit enterprise.

H.The provisions of
this Article EIGHTH shall constitute a contract between the Corporation, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, each individual who serves or has served as a director or officer of the Corporation (whether before or after the effectiveness of
this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), in consideration of such persons performance of such services, and pursuant to this Article EIGHTH the Corporation intends to be legally bound to each such current or former director or
officer of the Corporation. With respect to current and former directors and officers of the Corporation, the rights conferred under this Article EIGHTH are present contractual rights and such rights are fully vested, and shall be deemed to have
vested fully, immediately upon effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. With respect to any directors or officers of the Corporation who commence service following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, the rights conferred under this provision shall be present contractual rights and such rights shall fully vest, and be deemed to have vested fully, immediately upon such director or officer commencing service as a
director or officer of the Corporation. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX shall not adversely affect any right or protection (i) hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to
the time of such repeal or modification or (ii) under any agreement providing for indemnification or advancement of expenses to an officer or director of the Corporation in effect prior to the time of such repeal or modification.

I.Any reference to
an officer of the Corporation in this Article EIGHTH shall be deemed to refer exclusively to the chairperson of the Board, a vice chairperson of the Board, a chief executive officer, a chief financial officer, a treasurer 

appointed pursuant to the bylaws, and to any vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, or other officer of the
Corporation appointed by (x) the Board pursuant to the bylaws or (y) an officer to whom the Board has delegated the power to appoint officers pursuant to the bylaws, and any reference to an officer of any other Corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be deemed to refer exclusively to an officer appointed by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such other entity pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation and bylaws (or equivalent organizational documents) of such other Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. The fact that any person who is or was an employee of the Corporation or
an employee of any other Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise has been given or has used the title of vice president or any other title that could be construed to suggest or imply that such
person is or may be an officer of the Corporation or of such other Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall not result in such person being constituted as, or being deemed to be, an officer of
the Corporation or of such other Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for purposes of this Article EIGHTH.

NINTH: The Corporation reserves the
right to amend, alter, change, repeal and/or eliminate in any respect any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner from time to time prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware. All rights
herein con-ferred are granted subject to this reservation.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

BYLAWS

OF

PARAGON 28, INC.

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

SECTION 1. Registered Office. The registered office of
Paragon 28, Inc. (the Corporation)shall be established and maintained
at the office of Corporation Service Company, in the City of Wilmington, in the County of New Castle, in the State of Delaware, and said company shall be the registered agent of the Corporation in charge thereof.

SECTION 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may have other
offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, at such place or places as the Board of Directors may from time to time appoint or the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

SECTION 1. Annual Meetings. Annual meetings of stockholders
for the election of directors, and for such other business as may be stated in the notice of the meeting, may be held solely by means of remote communication or at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time and date
as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall determine, in its sole discretion, and as set forth in the notice of the meeting.

SECTION 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the
stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the President or Secretary of the Corporation or by resolution of the Board of Directors. Special meetings of stockholders may be held solely by means of remote communication or at such
place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time and date as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall determine, in its sole discretion, and as shall be stated in the notice of meeting.

SECTION 3. Voting. Each stockholder entitled to vote in
accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws shall be entitled to one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share of stock entitled to vote held by such stockholder, but no such
proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer period. All elections of directors shall be decided by a plurality in voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at
the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. In all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares present in person or represented by proxy at
the meeting and entitled to vote thereon shall be the act of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Delaware.

SECTION 4. Quorum. Except as otherwise required by law, by
the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, the presence, in person or by proxy, of stockholders holding a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting shall
constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders. In 

case a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, the stockholders holding a majority in voting power of the shares entitled to vote thereat, present in
person or by proxy, although less than a quorum, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time until the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be present.

SECTION 5. Adjourned Meetings. When a meeting is adjourned
to another time and place, if any, unless otherwise provided by these Bylaws, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy
holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meetings are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to
enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 6 of this ARTICLE II. At the adjourned meeting, the stockholders may
transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days or, if after an adjournment, a new record date is fixed for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned
meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting.

SECTION 6. Notice of Meetings. Whenever stockholders are
required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given in accordance with Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (DGCL), which notice shall state the place, if any, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed present in person and vote at such
meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and the purpose or purposes for which the
meeting is called. Except as otherwise provided in the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each
stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. No business other than that stated in the notice shall be transacted at any meeting without the unanimous consent
of all the stockholders entitled to vote thereat.

Notice of any meeting of stockholders need not be given to any stockholder if waived by such stockholder either in a writing signed by such
stockholder or by electronic transmission, whether such waiver is given before or after such meeting is held. If such a waiver is given by electronic transmission, the electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information
from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder.

SECTION 7. Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise
provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice
and without a vote, if a consent or consents setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting
at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the 

Corporation pursuant to Section 228 of the DGCL. Prompt notice of the taking of the action by consent shall be given to those stockholders or members as of
the record date for the action by consent who have not consented and who would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the action had been taken at a meeting and the record date for the notice of the meeting were the record date for the action
by consent.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

SECTION 1. Number and Term. The Board of Directors shall
initially consist of two directors. Thereafter, the number of directors shall be determined by the Board of Directors. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders and each director shall be elected to serve until his or
her successor shall be elected and qualified or until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal. Directors need not be stockholders.

SECTION 2. Resignations. Any director may resign at any
time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission. A resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or if no time is specified, at the time of delivery to the Corporation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be
necessary to make it effective.

SECTION 3. Vacancies. Vacancies and newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors and any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or any other cause may be filled by a majority vote
of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director or by a majority vote of the stockholders of the Corporation.

SECTION 4. Removal. Unless the Certificate of Incorporation
provides otherwise, any director may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.

SECTION 6. Powers. The business and affairs of the
Corporation shall be managed, and all corporate powers shall be exercised, by or under the direction of the Board of Directors except such as are by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws conferred upon or reserved to the
stockholders.

SECTION 7. Committees. The Board of Directors may designate
one or more committees consisting of one or more directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the
committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of such committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member.

Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors creating such committee or in these Bylaws, shall have and may
exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation; provided, however, that no such committee shall have the power or authority in 

reference to the following matters: (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval or
(ii) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation.

SECTION 8. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board
of Directors shall be held on such dates and at such times and places as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors, such determination to constitute the only notice of such regular meetings to which any director
shall be entitled. In the absence of any such determination, such meetings shall be held, upon notice to each director in accordance with Section 10 of this ARTICLE III, on such dates and at such times and places, as shall be designated by the
President, the Secretary or any two directors.

SECTION 9. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board
of Directors shall be held whenever called by any director or the President, by remote communication or at such place (within or without the State of Delaware), date and time as may be specified in the respective notice in accordance with Section 10
of this ARTICLE III. Any business may be conducted at a special meeting of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 10. Notice. Notice of any regular (if required) or
special meeting of the Board of Directors may be called on (i) 24 hours notice, if such notice is sent by email or other electronic transmission to each director or delivered to him or her personally or (ii) two business days notice, if such notice
is mailed to each director, addressed to him or her at his or her usual place of business or other designated address.

SECTION 11. Waiver of Notice. Notice of any meeting need
not be given to any director who attends such meeting, except that if such director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called
or convened, then such director shall not be deemed to have waived notice of such meeting, or to any director who submits a signed waiver of notice (including by email or other electronic transmission), whether before or after such meeting.

SECTION 12. Remote Communication. Unless otherwise
restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any such committee, by means of
telephone conference, video conference or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can speak and hear each other and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

SECTION 13. Quorum. A majority of the directors shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If at any meeting of the Board of Directors there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is present and no
further notice thereof need be given other than by announcement at the meeting which shall be so adjourned.

SECTION 14. Voting. The affirmative vote of a majority of
the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

SECTION 15. Compensation. Directors shall not receive any
stated salary for their service as directors or as members of committees; provided, however,
that, by resolution of the Board of Directors, a fixed fee and expenses of attendance may be allowed for attendance at each meeting. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other
capacity, as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor.

SECTION 16. Action Without Meeting. Any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors, or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by
electronic transmission and such consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee, as applicable. Any person (whether or not then a director) may provide, whether through instruction to an agent or otherwise, that a consent
to action will be effective at a future time (including a time determined upon the happening of an event), no later than 60 days after such instruction is given or such provision is made and such consent shall be deemed to have been given for
purposes of this subsection at such effective time so long as such person is then a director and did not revoke the consent prior to such time. Any such consent shall be revocable prior to becoming effective.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

SECTION 1. Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall
bea President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary, all of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors from time to time and who shall
hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. In addition, the Board of Directors may elect a Chair and one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as they may deem proper. None of the officers of the Corporation need
be directors. More than one office may be held by the same person to the extent permitted by the DGCL and other applicable law.

SECTION 2. Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time
by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or to the Chair of the Board of Directors. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or if no time is specified, at the time of its receipt
by the Board of Directors or Chair of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

SECTION 3. Removal. Except as hereinafter provided, any
officer or officers may be removed either for or without cause at any time by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 4. Other Officers and Agents. The Board of
Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold their offices for such terms 

and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 5. Chair. The Chair of the Board of Directors, if
one is elected, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and he or she shall have the powers and duties customarily and usually associated with the office of the Chair of the Board of Directors and perform such other duties as from
time to time may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 6. President. Subject to the provisions of these
Bylaws and to the direction of the Board of Directors, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have the responsibility for the general management, direction and control of the business and affairs of the
Corporation. The President shall perform all duties and have all powers which are commonly incident to the office of president or which are delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. The President shall perform the duties and exercise the
powers of the Treasurer in the event of a vacancy in the office of the Treasurer, or in the event of either such persons absence or disability.

SECTION 7. Vice President. Each Vice President shall have
such powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. One Vice President may be designated by the Board of Directors (or its designee) to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President in the event of the
Presidents absence or disability.

SECTION 8. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have the
responsibility for maintaining the financial records of the Corporation. He or she shall make such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions and of the
financial condition of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties as the Board of Directors (or its designee) may from time to time prescribe.

SECTION 9. Secretary. The Secretary shall issue all
authorized notices for, and shall keep minutes of, all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. He or she shall have charge of the corporate books, shall have power to sign all stock certificates, and shall perform such other duties
as the Board of Directors (or its designee) may from time to time prescribe.

SECTION 10. Compensation of Officers. The salaries and
other compensation of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner directed by the Board of Directors or, for the avoidance of doubt, any duly authorized committee or subcommittee thereof from time to time, and no officer shall
be prevented from receiving such salary by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director of the Corporation.

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 1. Uncertificated Shares. Shares of the
Corporations stock shall be issued in uncertificated form.

SECTION 2. Transfer of Shares. The shares of stock of the
Corporation shall be transferable only upon its books by the holders thereof in person or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives. A record shall be made of each transfer and, whenever a transfer shall be made for collateral
security and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry of the transfer.

SECTION 3. Stockholders Record Date. In order that the
Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than ten days before the date
of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date,
that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination.

If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of
stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held.

A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting;
provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of
stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders
entitled to vote in accordance with the provisions of Section 213 of the DGCL and this Section 3 of this ARTICLE V at the adjourned meeting.

In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a meeting in accordance with Section 228
of the DGCL, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than 10 days after the
date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a
meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with Section 228(d) of
the DGCL. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting
shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any
rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the
date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record 

date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall
be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

SECTION 4. Dividends. Subject to the provisions of the
Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock of the Corporation either (i) out of its surplus (as defined in and computed in accordance with Section 154 and Section 244 of the
DGCL) or (ii) in case there shall be no such surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. Before declaring any dividend, there may be set apart out of any funds of the
Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time in their discretion deem proper for working capital or as a reserve fund to meet contingencies or for equalizing dividends or for such other purposes as
the Board of Directors deem to be in the best interests of the Corporation.

SECTION 5. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation
shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 6. Checks. All checks, drafts or other orders for
the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or agent or agents of the Corporation and in such manner as shall be determined from time to time by
resolutions of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

SECTION 1. Right to Indemnification. Each person who was
or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in (as a witness or otherwise) any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or an officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an indemnitee), shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment,
only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees,
judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or
not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the persons conduct was unlawful; provided,
however, that, except as provided in Section 3 of this ARTICLE VI with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to advancement or indemnification, the Corporation shall
indemnify, and shall advance expenses to, any such indemnitee in connection with prosecuting a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee or in defending any 

counterclaim, cross-claim, affirmative defense, or like claim in such proceeding only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.

To the extent an indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Section 145(a)
or Section 145(b) of the DGCL, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith.

SECTION 2. Right to Advancement of Expenses. Subject to
Section 1 of this ARTICLE VI, with respect to any indemnitee who is made or threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved (as a witness or otherwise) in any threatened, pending or completed proceeding, the Corporation shall pay an
indemnitee the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an advancement of
expenses); provided, however, that, if the DGCL so requires, an advancement of
expenses incurred by an indemnitee shall be made only upon receipt by the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which
there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under Section 1
of this ARTICLE VI or otherwise.

SECTION 3. Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit. If a claim
under Section 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VI is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable
period shall be 20 days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit
brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expenses actually and reasonably incurred in of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to
enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of
expenses, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification under these Bylaws or as set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the
Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the
indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in these Bylaws or in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such
action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct
or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an
advancement of expenses, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this ARTICLE VI or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

SECTION 4. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights to
indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this ARTICLE VI shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws,
agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be such
director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such person.

SECTION 5. Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and
maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, or of a
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation
would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

SECTION 6. Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the
Corporation. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of
the provisions of this ARTICLE VI with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation.

SECTION 7. Nature of Rights. The rights conferred upon
indemnitees in this ARTICLE VI shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. 
Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this ARTICLE VI that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit or eliminate any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any
occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal.

ARTICLE VII

GENERAL MATTERS

SECTION 1. Seal. The Corporation may adopt a corporate
seal, which shall be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 2. Construction; Definitions. Unless the context
requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural
number includes the singular, and the term person includes a corporation, any other entity and a natural person.

SECTION 3. Forum. Unless the Corporation consents in
writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action, suit or 

proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the
Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, creditors or other constituents or any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim for aiding and abetting any such breach of fiduciary duty, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any
provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, employee or
stockholder of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine; or (v) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction upon the Court of Chancery, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by
law and subject to the courts having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants provided, that, if and only if the Court of Chancery dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be
brought in another state court sitting in the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware).

ARTICLE VIII

AMENDMENTS

These Bylaws may be altered, amended, or repealed and new Bylaws may be made (i) at any annual meeting of the stockholders (or at any special meeting
thereof if notice of the proposed alteration, amendment, or repeal or Bylaws to be made is contained in the notice of such special meeting) by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares entitled to vote
thereon, (ii) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, at any regular meeting of the Board of Directors (or at any special meeting of the Board of Directors if notice of the proposed alteration, amendment, or repeal or Bylaws
to be made is contained in the notice of such special meeting) or (iii) by action of the stockholders or the Board of Directors without a meeting as permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF LETTER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

April 17, 2025

Via E-Mail

[Albert DaCosta][Chadi Chahine]

RE: Tax Gross-Up Agreement

Dear [Albert][Chadi]:

As you know, Paragon 28, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), has
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 28, 2025 (the Merger Agreement), by and among the Company, Zimmer Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent), Gazelle Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Merger
Sub), and solely as provided by Section 8.15, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub shall
be merged with and into the Company (the Merger) with the Company surviving the Merger as the surviving corporation in the Merger and as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent.

The Company has determined that you are a disqualified individual (as such term is defined under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (Section 280G and the Code)). In connection with the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement, certain payments and benefits provided to you may be excess parachute payments (as such term is defined under Section 280G).

You and the Company hereby agree that this tax gross-up agreement (this Agreement)

sets forth the terms and conditions under which you will be eligible to receive a tax gross-up payment to mitigate all or certain portions of the excise taxes resulting from application of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code.

The effectiveness of this Agreement is contingent upon the closing of the Merger.

In consideration of the covenants and agreements hereafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which you
and the Company acknowledge, you and the Company covenant and agree, as follows:

1.Gross-Up Payment.

(a)Notwithstanding anything in any plan,
contract or agreement with the Company or any of its affiliates to the contrary, but subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in the event any Payment (as defined below) to you would be subject to the Excise Tax (as defined below),
you will be entitled to receive an additional payment (a Gross-Up Payment) from the Company in an amount such that, after payment by you of all income taxes, employment
taxes and Excise Taxes imposed upon the Gross-Up Payment (and any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such taxes), you retain an amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon such Payments.

(b)For purposes of this Agreement, (i) Excise Tax means the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such tax; and (ii) Payment means any payment, potential payment, benefit or distribution (or combination thereof) in the nature of compensation (within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the
Code) that is paid or payable to you by the Company, Parent or any of their affiliates in connection with the Merger and set forth on Exhibit A1 hereto.

(c)The Gross-Up Payment shall be paid by
the Company or its affiliates or withheld and remitted to the Internal Revenue Service and any other applicable taxing authority by the Company or its affiliates, for your benefit, within thirty (30) days following the Companys and Parents
receipt of the Accounting Firms final determination; provided, the Company may elect to utilize the prepayment rule set forth in Treas. Reg. section 1.280G-1 Q&A-11(c) to accelerate the payment (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with
respect to any Payments contingent on a future termination of employment) to a date as of or within thirty (30) days following the closing of the Merger. To the extent so withheld and remitted, you hereby consent to such withholding.

2.Conditions to Gross-Up Payment. Your receipt of the Gross-Up Payment is conditioned on each of the following:

(a)Your continued employment with the
Company and its subsidiaries through as of immediately prior to the closing of the Merger.

(b)Your execution and non-revocation of the
release of claims in respect of Parent, the Company, and their respective affiliates attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B (the Release) (subject to the review period to which you are entitled under the Release) and your reaffirmation, restatement and non-revocation of the Release attached to this Agreement as Exhibit C (the Supplemental Release) on the date of the closing of the Merger.

(c)Your providing such information and
documents as the Accounting Firm, the Company and Parent reasonably request in making such determination, including making yourself reasonably available for interviews.

(d)Your agreeing to prepare and file all
applicable tax returns in a manner consistent with the final written opinion of the Accounting Firm.

3.Determination of Gross-Up Payment.

(a)For purposes of determining the amount
of the Gross-Up Payment, you shall be deemed to pay federal income tax at the highest marginal rate applicable to individuals in the calendar year in which any such Gross-Up Payment is to be made and deemed to pay state and local income taxes at
the highest marginal rates applicable to individuals in the state or locality of your residence or place of employment in the calendar year in which any such Gross-Up Payment is to be made, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes that
can be 

1 Exhibit A to include a copy of the final calculations of the Golden Parachute Calculation under the Total
Gross-Up table of 280G Solutions Detailed 280G Computations.

obtained from deduction of state and local taxes and taking into account limitations applicable to individuals subject to federal income tax at the highest
marginal rate.

(b)All determinations required to be made
under this Agreement, including the amount of such Gross-Up Payment (including determinations related to the value associated with any restrictive covenants) and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, will be made by
Golden Parachute Tax Solutions LLC or such other accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accounting Firm). In each case, such determinations and the assumptions to
be utilized in arriving at such determination shall be subject to Parents review and approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. The Accounting Firm shall provide detailed supporting calculations confirming
the Gross-Up Payment amount payable to you, if any, to the Company and Parent within three days following the closing of the Merger. Following the closing of the Merger, the Accounting Firm shall provide detailed supporting calculations to you,
the Company and Parent within 15 business days following receipt of notice of any Payment that was not included in the determination of the Gross-Up Payment, or at such earlier time as is requested by the Company or Parent. If the Accounting Firm
determines that no Excise Tax is payable by you, it shall furnish to you, the Company and Parent a written opinion that you have substantial authority not to report any Excise Tax on your federal income tax return.

(c)With respect to work requested or
initiated by the Company or Parent, all fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company.

4.Maximum Amount of the Gross-Up Payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the maximum aggregate amount of the Gross-Up Payment(s) payable to you and any other service providers of the
Company or any of its affiliates who are selected by the Company prior to the consummation of the Merger and who are eligible for tax gross-up payments in connection with the Merger (collectively, such payments, the Total Gross-Up Payments and such persons, the participants) shall not exceed $5,425,023 (the Aggregate Cap). Any Gross-Up Payment (whether payable to you or any other participant) shall be payable and counted against the Aggregate Cap on a first come, first served basis. You will
not be entitled to receive any additional Gross-Up Payment(s) on or after the date the Total Gross-Up Payments equal or exceed the Aggregate Cap. In the event that the Total Gross-Up Payments exceed the Aggregate Cap, the Gross-Up Payment(s)
payable to you pursuant to this Agreement will be cut back to the extent required to avoid the Total Gross-Up Payments exceeding the Aggregate Cap. In the event that all or a portion of the Total Gross-Up Payments becomes payable at the same time
to you and other participants, such that the portion of Total Gross-Up Payments payable to you and the other participants exceeds the Aggregate Cap, the Gross-Up Payments will be cut back on a pro rata basis to the extent required to avoid the
Total Gross-Up Payments exceeding the Aggregate Cap.

5.Section 409A. It is intended that the provisions of this Agreement comply with or are exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder (Section 409A), and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. If, at the
time of any separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i)), (i) you are a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A) and (ii) the Company shall make 

a good faith determination that a Payment constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) the payment of which is required to be
delayed pursuant to the six-month delay rule set forth in Section 409A, then the Company shall not pay such amount on the scheduled payment date, but shall instead accumulate such amount and pay it, without interest, on the first business day after
such six-month period. Each Payment shall be deemed to be a separate payment as permitted under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the Payments comply with
Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by you on account of non-compliance with Section
409A. Except as specifically permitted by Section 409A or as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement, the Payments provided to you during any calendar year shall not affect the benefits and reimbursements to be provided to you under
this Agreement in any other calendar year, and the right to such benefits and reimbursements cannot be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit and shall be provided in accordance with Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv). Further Payments
that are reimbursements shall be made to you as soon as practicable following the date that the applicable expense is incurred, but in no event later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the underlying expense
is incurred. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in light of the uncertainty with respect to the proper application of Section 409A, the Company reserves the right to make amendments to this Agreement as the Company
deems necessary or desirable to avoid the imposition of taxes or penalties under Section 409A. 

6.Applicable Law.The validity and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to any conflict-of-law rule or principle that would give effect to the laws of another jurisdiction.

7.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

8.Entire Agreement; Effectiveness of this Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between you and the Company and its affiliates concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings, written or oral, between you and the Company and its affiliates with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, including without limitation the section of your employment agreement entitled Golden
Parachute Excise Tax. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in any employment agreement, restrictive
covenant agreement or any other contract governing your relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries in your capacity as a current or former employee or individual service provider, all of which shall continue in full force and effect,
and shall not, by implication or otherwise, limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the parties thereto. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be null and void ab initio if the Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the closing of the Merger or your employment with the Company terminates for any
reason prior to the closing of the Merger.

9.Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and Parent and their respective permitted successors and assigns, including the surviving corporation
of the Merger; provided, however, that the Company or Parent, as
applicable, shall assign this Agreement to, and all rights and obligations hereunder, shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon, any person, firm, corporation or other entity resulting from the reorganization of the Company or Parent, as
applicable, or succeeding to the business or assets of the Company or Parent, as applicable, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise.

10.No Right to Employment or Other Rights; Impact on Other Payments. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as giving you the right to be retained in the employment of the Company, Parent, or any
of their respective affiliates, nor shall it affect the right of the Company, Parent, or any of their respective affiliates to terminate your employment. Any Gross-Up Payment shall not be considered in calculating your eligibility for, or the
amount of, any other compensation or benefits, including, without limitation, any cash or equity incentive, severance, deferred compensation, retirement contributions or benefits, disability, life insurance, or any other benefits or coverage,
except to the extent expressly provided in any such benefit plan or arrangement.

11.Amendment; Termination. No provision of this Agreement may be amended, waived, or discharged, except by the mutual written agreement of you and the Company. This Agreement shall terminate upon the
earlier of (i) the date the Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the closing of the Merger, (ii) the date your employment with the Company terminates for any reason prior to the closing of the Merger, (iii) the date on which the payments and benefits under this Agreement have been satisfied in full, and (iv) the
date on which the Total Gross-Up Payments paid to all participants equal the Aggregate Cap.

12.Notices. All notices, requests and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, emailed (to the extent that no bounce back or similar
message indicating non-delivery is received with respect thereto) or sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery). Notices shall be addressed to the Company by email to Robert McCormack at RMcCormack@Paragon28.com with a copy to Matthew
Millard at MMillard@paragon28.com, with a copy to Parent at its principal executive office or by email at legal.americas@zimmerbiomet.com, in each case to the attention of General Counsel, and to you, at your most recent address or email address on
the Companys payroll records, but each party may change his or its address by written notice in accordance with this Section 12.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

PARAGON 28, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 

Name: 

[Albert DaCosta][Chadi Chahine] 

[Signature Page to Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

Golden Parachute Calculations

[Omitted]

EXHIBIT B

RELEASE OF CLAIMS

This Release of Claims (Release) is made as of April 17, 2025 (the Execution Date), by [Albert DaCosta][Chadi Chahine] (you or your) and delivered to Paragon 28, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). This Release shall become effective as
described in Section 5. All the terms of the Gross-Up Agreement, to the extent not contrary to this Release, are incorporated by reference herein. Defined terms not
otherwise defined in this Release shall have the meaning set forth in the Gross-Up Agreement. You and the Company agree as follows:

1.General Release of Claims. (a) In consideration of the payments described in the Gross-Up Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration that you acknowledge is in addition to anything of
value to which you are already entitled, you, on behalf of yourself, your dependents, heirs, administrators, representatives, trustees, executors, successors and assigns and their collective legal representatives, hereby knowingly and voluntarily
release and forever discharge, to the extent permissible by law, the Company, its predecessors, successors and assigns, its and their respective direct or indirect and current or former parents (including Parent), subsidiaries and affiliates, and,
with respect to each and all of the foregoing entities (including the Company and Parent), all of its and their respective current and former directors, officers, employees, shareholders, partners, members, representatives, insurers, trustees,
attorneys, employee benefit plans and administrators or fiduciaries of such plans and agents (collectively, the Released Parties), from any claims, contracts,
agreements, demands, rights, liens, covenants, actions, suits, obligations, debts, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, causes of action and liabilities of any type and claims for relief or damages of any kind or nature in law, equity or otherwise
(collectively, the Claims), whether now known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which you ever had, now have, or which may arise in the future against the Released
Parties, arising out of or in any way connected with your employment relationship with the Company, or your termination therefrom, resulting from any act or omission by or on the part of the Released Parties up to and including the Execution Date.

(b)This Release includes, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, any Claim arising under any federal, state or local statutes, ordinances or common laws, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act of 1967, the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, the Colorado anti-discrimination Statute, the Colorado Civil Rights Act (C.R.S. Sections 24-34-301 et seq. and 24-34-401 et seq.), the Colorado Wage Act and the
Colorado Minimum Wage Act and Minimum Wage Order 28[; the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Act; the Massachusetts Equal Pay Act; and the Massachusetts Wage Act] 2, all as amended.

2 For Chahine only.

EXHIBIT B

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing or
anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, this Release shall not apply to and shall have no effect on: (i) any rights that may arise after the Execution Date; (ii) any rights to secure enforcement of the terms and conditions of this Release
or the Gross-Up Agreement, or, to the extent required by law, to challenge the validity of your waivers; (iii) any accrued or vested benefits you may have, if any, as of the Execution Date under any applicable plan, policy, practice, program,
contract or agreement with the Company; (iv) any claims for accrued or earned but unpaid wages; (v) any Claims for indemnification, fee advancement or insurance arising under any agreement between you and the Company or under the certificate of
incorporation or other similar governing documents of the Company; (vi) any claims you have to change in control-related payments and benefits under your Employment Agreement with the Company dated [October 8, 2021]3[August

4, 2024]4; (vii) any claims under the Merger Agreement; or (viii) any claims that cannot be released as a matter of law.

(d)You agree not to commence, seek to
participate in or participate in, any Claim or action, whether as a member of a class or collective action or otherwise, against one or more Released Parties that seeks recovery pursuant to any federal, state or local law or ordinance (whether
common law or statutory) arising out of or relating to your employment or termination thereof, or otherwise concerning any rights, obligations or other aspects of your employment relationship with the Company. You further agree that, if you
commence, are a party to or are a member of a class that commences such a Claim or action against any of the Released Parties arising from any conduct that predates the Execution Date, this Release may be used as evidence of your acknowledgement
that you have been paid for all such monies due and owing up to the Execution Date and that you are owed nothing more and are entitled to no recovery whatsoever in connection therewith, and your claims shall be dismissed or class membership
terminated immediately upon presentation of this Release.

2.Non-Waivable Rights. The parties acknowledge and agree that you are not waiving or releasing any rights that cannot be
waived as a matter of law. Nothing in this Release or in the Gross-Up Agreement, including, but not limited to, any paragraphs pertaining to confidentiality, non-disclosure, a release of Claims and/or non-disparagement shall prohibit, prevent or
restrict you (or your attorney) from speaking with, filing a charge with or participating in an investigation conducted by, any governmental agency, including, but not limited to, the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the
National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
(the CFTC), the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Department of Justice, the U.S. Congress, any agency
Inspector General or any other local, state or federal regulatory or law enforcement agency, to the extent required or permitted by law; provided, however, in the event any Claim or lawsuit is filed on your behalf against one or more of the Released Parties by any person, entity or government agency with
respect to any Claims released 

3 For DaCosta only.

4 For Chahine only.

EXHIBIT B

and waived in this Release, you hereby agree to waive any and all right you may have to receive monetary damages or injunctive relief in your favor, except
such waiver shall not apply to your right to seek and obtain a whistleblower award from the CFTC, the SEC or any other applicable regulatory or governmental body for which your rights cannot be waived by law, if applicable. For the avoidance of
doubt, nothing in this Release or the Gross-Up Agreement prohibits you from: (i) filing and, as provided for under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Section 21F),
maintaining the confidentiality of a claim with the SEC; (ii) providing confidential information to the SEC, or providing the SEC with information that would otherwise violate this Release, to the extent permitted by Section 21F; (iii) cooperating,
participating or assisting in an SEC investigation or proceeding without notifying the Company; or (iv) receiving a monetary award as set forth in Section 21F.

For the further avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Release or the Gross-Up Agreement prohibits you from filing or disclosing any facts necessary to
receive unemployment insurance, Medicaid or other public benefits to which you are entitled.

3.Disclosure under Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016. You are advised that you may not be held criminally or civilly liable
under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret to which the Defend Trade Secrets Act applies that is either (i) made in confidence to a federal, state or local government official or to an attorney solely for the
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an
employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under
seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

4.Choice of Law. This Release shall in all respects be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado, including all matters of construction, validity and performance,
without regard to conflicts of law principles.

5.Notice and Right to Consider; Effective Date. You acknowledge that you have been and hereby are advised to consult with an attorney regarding the terms and effects of this Release and that you were
informed you had at least 21 days to consider the Release before executing it. You also acknowledge and agree that any changes to this Release, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the 21-day period. You understand that for a period of
seven days following the Execution Date, you will retain the right to revoke your consent to this Release by providing written notice to Robert McCormack at RMcCormack@Paragon28.com with a copy to Matthew Millard at MMillard@paragon28.com. This
Release will become effective and enforceable on the eighth calendar day after the date it is executed by you.

6.Execution; Severability; Waiver; Miscellaneous. This Release may be signed in counterparts, and each counterpart, when executed, shall have the efficacy of a signed original. Photocopies of the
signed Release may be used in lieu of originals for any permitted purpose. If any provision of this Release or the application thereof is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of the Release, which can be
given effect without the 

EXHIBIT B

invalid provisions or applications, and to this end, the provisions of this Release are declared to be severable. A waiver of any one breach of this Agreement
shall not constitute a waiver of any other breach of this Agreement unless expressly indicated otherwise. This Release shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties named herein and their respective heirs, legal representatives,
successors and permitted assigns.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Release on the dates shown below.

PARAGON 28, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 

Name: [Albert DaCosta][Chadi Chahine] 

[Signature Page to Release]

EXHIBIT C

Supplemental Release

By signing this Supplemental Release, you reaffirm and restate, as of and through the date of the closing of the Merger (as defined in the agreement to
which this Exhibit C is attached (such agreement, the Agreement)), your release of claims and
other commitments, acknowledgements and representations set forth in Exhibit B to the Agreement.

Accepted and agreed:

EXECUTIVE 

By: /s/ 

Name: [Albert DaCosta][Chadi Chahine] 

[Supplemental Release]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fna-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fna-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fna-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-40902

Entity Registrant Name Paragon 28, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001531978

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-3170186

Entity Address, Address Line One 14445 Grasslands Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Englewood

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80112

City Area Code 720

Local Phone Number 912-1332

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol FNA

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://paragon28.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fna-20250417.xsd 
fna-20250417_lab.xml 
fna-20250417_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0000950157-25-000330-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001531978 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

false 
--12-31 
0001531978 
DE 
CO 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
Paragon 28, Inc. 
001-40902 
27-3170186 
14445 Grasslands Drive 
Englewood 
80112 
720 
912-1332 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
FNA 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>