<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-003479.txt : 20250108
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-003479.hdr.sgml : 20250108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250108164513
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-003479
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250106
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Galaxy Gaming, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000013156
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				208143439
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30653
		FILM NUMBER:		25519061

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6480 CAMERON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 305
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89118
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-939-3254

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6480 CAMERON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 305
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SECURED DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050622

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SECURED  DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020919

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BOOK CORP OF AMERICA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000517
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>glxz-20250106.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

0000013156falseNONE00000131562025-01-062025-01-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 6, 2025

Galaxy Gaming, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Nevada 

000-30653 

20-8143439

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

6480 Cameron StreetSuite 305Las Vegas, Nevada89118

(Address of principal executive offices)

(702) 939-3254

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230 425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock 

GLXZ 

OTCQB marketplace

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 6, 2025 Galaxy Gaming, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) with BMO Bank N.A., a national banking association (Bank). The Credit Agreement provides for senior secured financing in the aggregate amount of up to $47 million, consisting of a $2 million senior secured revolving credit facility and a $45 million senior secured term loan.

The Credit Agreement replaces the senior secured term loan agreement, dated November 15, 2021, with Fortress Credit Corp., which included a term loan with a maturity date of November 13, 2026. On January 6, 2025 the Company borrowed $45 million under the new term loan and used this amount plus cash in hand to repay all amounts outstanding under the previous loan agreement, which was terminated as described below under Item 1.02.

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at the Companys option, either (1) at a floating rate equal to the base rate (the Base Rate) determined by reference to the greatest of: (a) the prime commercial rate announced or otherwise established by Bank, (b) the federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1%, and (c) the one-month Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 1.00%; or (2) at a fixed rate based on Term SOFRwith an interest period of one, three or six months (at the Companys election). The applicable margin for borrowings is determined by reference to a pricing grid based on the Companys then current Total Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The applicable margin for Base Rate loans ranges from 2.0% to 2.5% per annum. The applicable margin for SOFR loans ranges from 3.0% to 3.5% per annum. The Company will pay (i) a commitment fee equal to the applicable margin on the average daily undrawn amount under the new revolving credit facility,and (ii) a one-time closing fee based on the total commitments under the new term loan and new revolving credit facility.

The new term loan and new revolving credit facility will mature on the earlier of (i)January 6, 2030 or (ii) January 6, 2028 if the merger with Evolution Malta Holding Limited is not completed by December 31, 2025

The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The Credit Agreement includes financial covenants requiring the Company to maintain a maximum Total Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio, a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio,minimum EBITDA, and maximum Capital Expenditures (each as defined in the Credit Agreement).

The Companys obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Companys domestic subsidiaries, and secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all of the tangible and intangible personal property of the Company and each subsidiary.

The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Credit Agreement, a copy of which is hereby filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement

In connection with the Credit Agreement, on January 7, 2025, the Company terminated the senior secured term loan agreement, dated November 15, 2021, with Fortress Credit Corp., and repaid all amounts outstanding under that loan agreement.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance

Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On January 8, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Credit Agreement. A copy of the press release is hereby furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report.

The information contained in this Item 7.01 and in Exhibit 99.1 of this Current Report shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

d) Exhibits

Exhibit No.Description

10.1 Credit Agreement dated as of January 6, 2025, by and between Galaxy Gaming, Inc. and BMO Bank N.A.

99.1 Press Release, dated January 8, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 8, 2025

GALAXY GAMING, INC.

By: /s/ Steven Kopjo

Steven Kopjo

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>glxz-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Credit Agreement

dated as of

January 6, 2025,

between

GALAXY GAMING, INC.,

and

BMO Bank N.A.

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Table of Contents

SECTION 1. 

DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION 

1

Section 1.1 

Definitions 

1

Section 1.2 

Interpretation 

17

Section 1.3 

Change in Accounting Principles 

18

Section 1.4 

Interest Rates 

18

SECTION 2. 

The Credit Facilities 

18

Section 2.1 

Term Loan Commitment 

18

Section 2.2 

Revolving Credit Commitment 

19

Section 2.3 

Reserved 

19

Section 2.4 

Applicable Interest Rates 

19

Section 2.5 

Minimum Borrowing Amounts; Maximum Fixed Rate Loans 

19

Section 2.6 

Manner of Borrowing Loans and Designating Applicable Interest Rates 

19

Section 2.7 

Maturity of Loans 

20

Section 2.8 

Prepayments 

21

Section 2.9 

Default Rate 

24

Section 2.10 

Evidence of Indebtedness 

24

Section 2.11 

Fees 

25

Section 2.12 

Section 2.12 Place and Application of Payments 

25

Section 2.13 

Commitment Terminations 

26

SECTION 3. 

CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES 

26

Section 3.1 

Withholding Taxes 

26

Section 3.2 

Documentary Taxes 

26

Section 3.3 

Funding Indemnity 

26

Section 3.4 

Change of Law; Illegality 

27

Section 3.5 

Inability to Determine Rates 

27

Section 3.6 

Increased Cost and Reduced Return 

28

Section 3.7 

Lending Offices 

29

Section 3.8 

Reserved 

29

Section 3.9 

Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 

29

SECTION 4. 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

30

Section 4.1 

Initial Credit Event 

30

Section 4.2 

All Credit Events 

33

SECTION 5. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

33

Section 5.1 

Organization and Qualification 

33

Section 5.2 

Subsidiaries 

33

Section 5.3 

Authority and Validity of Obligations 

34

Section 5.4 

Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock 

34

Section 5.5 

Financial Reports 

35

Section 5.6 

No Material Adverse Change 

35

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Section 5.7 

Full Disclosure 

35

Section 5.8 

Trademarks, Franchises, and Licenses 

35

Section 5.9 

Governmental Authority and Licensing 

35

Section 5.10 

Good Title 

36

Section 5.11 

Litigation and Other Controversies 

36

Section 5.12 

Taxes 

36

Section 5.13 

Approvals 

36

Section 5.14 

Affiliate Transactions 

36

Section 5.15 

Investment Company 

36

Section 5.16 

ERISA 

36

Section 5.17 

Compliance with Laws 

37

Section 5.18 

Sanctions; Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws 

37

Section 5.19 

Other Agreements 

38

Section 5.20 

Solvency 

38

Section 5.21 

No Default 

38

Section 5.22 

No Broker Fees 

38

SECTION 6. 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

38

Section 6.1 

Maintenance of Business 

38

Section 6.2 

Maintenance of Properties 

38

Section 6.3 

Taxes and Assessments 

39

Section 6.4 

Insurance 

39

Section 6.5 

Financial Reports 

39

Section 6.6 

Inspection 

41

Section 6.7 

ERISA 

41

Section 6.8 

Compliance with Laws 

41

Section 6.9 

Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions 

42

Section 6.10 

Formation of Subsidiaries 

43

Section 6.11 

Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock 

43

Section 6.12 

Guaranties and Collateral 

43

Section 6.13 

Maintenance of Accounts 

44

SECTION 7. 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

44

Section 7.1 

Borrowings and Guaranties 

44

Section 7.2 

Liens 

45

Section 7.3 

Investments, Acquisitions, Loans and Advances 

45

Section 7.4 

Mergers, Consolidations, Divisions and Sales 

46

Section 7.5 

Maintenance of Subsidiaries 

47

Section 7.6 

Dividends and Certain Other Restricted Payments 

47

Section 7.7 

Burdensome Contracts With Affiliates 

47

Section 7.8 

No Changes in Fiscal Year 

48

Section 7.9 

Change in the Nature of Business 

48

Section 7.10 

No Restrictions 

48

Section 7.11 

Subordinated Debt 

48

Section 7.12 

Financial Covenants 

48

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Section 7.13 

Use of Proceeds. 

49

SECTION 8. 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 

50

Section 8.1 

Events of Default 

50

Section 8.2 

Non Bankruptcy Defaults 

53

Section 8.3 

Bankruptcy Defaults 

53

SECTION 9. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

53

Section 9.1 

No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 

53

Section 9.2 

Non-Business Days 

53

Section 9.3 

Survival of Representations 

54

Section 9.4 

Survival of Indemnity and Certain Other Provisions 

54

Section 9.5 

Notices 

54

Section 9.6 

Counterparts; Digital Copies 

54

Section 9.7 

Successors and Assigns. 

55

Section 9.8 

Amendments, etc 

55

Section 9.9 

Headings 

56

Section 9.10 

Costs and Expenses; Indemnification. 

56

Section 9.11 

Set off 

57

Section 9.12 

Entire Agreement 

57

Section 9.13 

Governing Law 

57

Section 9.14 

Severability of Provisions 

57

Section 9.15 

Excess Interest 

58

Section 9.16 

Construction 

58

Section 9.17 

Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Venue; Service of Process 

58

Section 9.18 

Waiver of Jury Trial 

59

Section 9.19 

USA Patriot Act 

59

Section 9.20 

Time is of the Essence 

59

Section 9.21 

Confidentiality 

60

Section 9.22 

Customary Advertising Material 

60

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

CREDIT AGREEMENT

This Credit Agreement is entered into as of January 6, 2025, by and between GALAXY GAMING, INC., a Nevada corporation (Borrower), and BMO Bank N.A., a national banking association(Bank). Except as otherwise expressly specified in this Agreement (as defined below), all capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Section 1.1.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT

Borrower has requested, and Bank has agreed to extend, certain credit facilities on the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS; INTERPRETATION.

Section 1.1 Definitions. The following terms when used herein shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate means any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, another Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person for purposes of this definition if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of the other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, common directors, trustees or officers, by contract or otherwise.

Agreement means this Credit Agreement, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to a Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.

Anti-Money Laundering Laws means any and all laws, statutes, regulations or obligatory government orders, decrees, ordinances or rules applicable to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries related to terrorism financing or money laundering, including any applicable provision of the Patriot Act.

Applicable Margin means, with respect to Loans and the commitment/facility fees payable under Section 2.11, until the first Pricing Date, the rates per annum shown opposite Level 1 below, and thereafter from one Pricing Date to the next the Applicable Margin means the rates per annum determined in accordance with the following schedule:

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Level 

Total Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio for Such Pricing Date 

Applicable Margin for (i) Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans shall be: 

Applicable Margin for (i) Revolving Loans that are SOFR Loans shall be: 

Applicable Margin for Term Loans that are Base Rate Loans shall be: 

Applicable Margin for Term Loans that are SOFR Loans shall be: 

Applicable Margin for Commitment/ Facility Fee shall be:

I 

Greater than 3.0 to 1.0 

2.50% 

3.50% 

2.50% 

3.50% 

0.25%

II 

Equal to or less than 3.0 to 1.0 

2.00% 

3.0% 

2.00% 

3.0% 

0.25%

For purposes hereof, the term Pricing Date means, for any fiscal quarter of Borrower ending on or after December 31, 2024, the date on which Bank is in receipt of Borrowers most recent financial statements (and, in the case of the year-end financial statements, audit report) for the fiscal quarter then ended, pursuant to Section 6.5. The Applicable Margin shall be established based on the Total Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio for the most recently completed fiscal quarter and the Applicable Margin established on a Pricing Date shall remain in effect until the next Pricing Date. If Borrower has not delivered its financial statements by the date such financial statements (and, in the case of the year-end financial statements, audit report) are required to be delivered under Section 6.5, until such financial statements and audit report are delivered, the Applicable Margin shall be the highest Applicable Margin (i.e., Level I shall apply). If Borrower subsequently delivers such financial statements before the next Pricing Date, the Applicable Margin established by such late delivered financial statements shall take effect from the date of delivery until the next Pricing Date. In all other circumstances, the Applicable Margin established by such financial statements shall be in effect from the Pricing Date that occurs immediately after the end of the fiscal quarter covered by such financial statements until the next Pricing Date. Each determination of the Applicable Margin made by Bank in accordance with the foregoing shall be conclusive and binding on Borrower absent manifest error.

If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Borrower or for any other reason, the Borrower or the Bank determines that (i) the Total Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Total Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Bank, promptly on demand by the Bank (or, after the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.1(j) or (k) with respect to Borrower has occurred and is continuing, automatically and without further action by the Bank), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Bank under any other provision of the Loan Documents. The Borrowers obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.

Authorized Representative means those persons shown on the list of officers provided by Borrower pursuant to Section 4.1 or on any update of any such list provided by Borrower to Bank, or any further or different officers of Borrower so named by any Authorized Representative of Borrower in a written notice to Bank.

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such

2

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.9(d).

Bank is defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

Base Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the greatest of: (a) the rate of interest announced or otherwise established by Bank from time to time as its prime commercial rate as in effect on such day, with any change in the Base Rate resulting from a change in said prime commercial rate to be effective as of the date of the relevant change in said prime commercial rate (it being acknowledged and agreed that such rate may not be Banks best or lowest rate), (b) the sum of (i) the rate determined by Bank to be the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) of the rates per annum quoted to Bank at approximately 10:00 a.m. (or as soon thereafter as is practicable) on such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the immediately preceding Business Day) by two or more Federal funds brokers selected by Bank for sale to Bank at face value of Federal funds in the secondary market in an amount equal or comparable to the principal amount for which such rate is being determined, plus (ii) 1/2 of 1%, and (c) the sum of (i) Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus (ii) 1.00%. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the prime rate, the quoted federal funds rates or Term SOFR, as applicable, shall be effective from and including the effective date of the change in such rate. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternative rate of interest pursuant to Sections 3.5 or 3.9, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above, provided that if Base Rate as determined above shall ever be less than the Floor plus 1.00%, then Base Rate shall be deemed to be the Floor plus 1.00%.

Base Rate Loan means a Loan bearing interest at a rate specified in Section 2.4(a).

Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.9(a).

Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Bank for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

(a) Daily Simple SOFR; or

(b) the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Bank and the Borrower giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a

3

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Bank and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement

4

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the FRB, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.9 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.9.

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership of the Borrower as required by 31 C.F.R. 1010.230 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time), in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank.

Borrower is defined in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

Borrowing means the total of Loans of a single type advanced, continued for an additional Interest Period, or converted from a different type into such type by Bank on a single date and, in the case of Fixed Rate Loans, for a single Interest Period. A Borrowing is advanced on the day Bank advances funds comprising such Borrowing to Borrower, is continued on the date a new Interest Period for the same type of Loans commences for such Borrowing, and is converted when such Borrowing is changed from one type of Loans to the other, all as determined pursuant to Section 2.6.

Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are not authorized or required to close in Chicago, Illinois.

5

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

California Gaming Authorities means the California Gambling Control Commission, the California Bureau of Gambling Control and all other applicable state, county, city and municipal authorities within the State of California possessing regulatory, licensing or permit authority over the ownership or operation of gaming activities or the manufacture, sale or distribution of gaming products, gaming devices, associated equipment or other gaming equipment in the State of California (or any such county, municipality, city or municipality therein).

Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, the aggregate amount of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as a liability) by such Person during that period for the acquisition or leasing (pursuant to a Capital Lease) of fixed or capital assets or additions to property, plant, or equipment (including replacements, capitalized repairs, and improvements) which should be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP.

Capital Lease means any lease of Property which in accordance with GAAP is required to be capitalized on the balance sheet of the lessee.

Capitalized Lease Obligation means, for any Person, the amount of the liability shown on the balance sheet of such Person in respect of a Capital Lease determined in accordance with GAAP.

CERCLA means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., and any future amendments.

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (i) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (ii) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (iii) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

Change of Control means any of (a) the acquisition by any person or group (as such terms are used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) at any time of beneficial ownership of 35% or more of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of Borrower on a fully diluted basis, other than acquisitions of such interests in connection with the Evolution Acquisition, (b) the failure of individuals who are members of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Borrower on the Closing Date (together with any new or replacement directors whose initial nomination for election was approved by a majority of the directors who were either directors on the Closing Date or previously so approved) to constitute a majority of the board of directors (or similar governing body) of Borrower, or (c) any Change of

6

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Control (or words of like import), as defined in any agreement or indenture relating to any issue of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of Borrower or any Subsidiary shall occur.

Closing Date means the date of this Agreement or such later Business Day upon which each condition described in Section 4.1 shall be satisfied or waived in a manner acceptable to Bank in its discretion.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor statute thereto.

Collateral means all properties, rights, interests, and privileges from time to time subject to the Liens granted to Bank, both as lender hereunder and as agent for all of the Affiliates of Bank, or any security trustee therefor, by the Collateral Documents.

Collateral Account means a separate collateral account maintained with, held in the name of, and subject to the exclusive dominion and control of, Bank for the purpose of holding assets as security for, and for application by Bank (to the extent available) to, the payment of the unpaid balance of other Obligations.

Collateral Documents means the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, and all other mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements, pledge agreements, assignments, financing statements and other documents as shall from time to time secure or relate to the Obligations or any part thereof.

Commitments means the Revolving Credit Commitment and the Term Loan Commitment.

Communications means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, waiver, forbearance, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document (including any assignment and acceptance).

Conforming Changes means with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, the timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 3.3, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Bank in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Bank decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Bank determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Bank decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

7

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Controlled Group means all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with Borrower, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

Credit Event means the advancing of any Loan.

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Bank in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for bilateral business loans; provided, that if the Bank decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Bank, then the Bank may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion.

Default means any event or condition the occurrence of which would, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, constitute an Event of Default.

Designated Jurisdiction means, at any time, any country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions.

Disposition means the sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of Property, other than sales or other dispositions expressly permitted under Sections 7.4(a), 7.4(b),7.4(d), 7.4(e), or 7.4(f).

Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary.

EBITDA means, with reference to any period for any Person, the sum of (a) Net Income for such period, plus, without duplication (b) to the extent deducted in determining net income for such period, the sum of the following for such period: (i) Interest Expense (including cash interest expense and amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs relating to the closing of this Agreement), (ii) income tax expense, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) non-cash expenses related to stock-based compensation, (v) foreign currency exchange loss, (vi) losses on sales of assets, (vii) other non-recurring losses and non-cash charges (other than any such non-cash charge to the extent it represents an accrual of or reserve for cash expenditures in any future period, other than such accruals that result from a change in accounting method), (viii) non-recurring professional fees and costs associated with the Evolution Acquisition and the transactions under this Agreement, and (ix) loss on extinguishment of Indebtedness, minus, without duplication (c) to the extent included as income in determining such net income for such period, the sum of the following for such period: (i) non-recurring gains, (ii) foreign currency exchange gain, and (iii) gain on sale of assets. Pro forma credit shall be given for the EBITDA of any targeted Permitted Acquisition as if owned on the first day of the applicable period and Persons (or identifiable business units or divisions of such Persons) sold, transferred, or otherwise disposed of during any period will be treated as if not owned during the entire applicable period.

Electronic Record means a record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means.

8

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to or logically associated with an electronic record and executed or adopted by a person with the intent to sign the Electronic Record.

Environmental Claim means any investigation, notice, violation, demand, allegation, action, suit, injunction, judgment, order, consent decree, penalty, fine, lien, proceeding or claim (whether administrative, judicial or private in nature) arising (a) pursuant to, or in connection with an actual or alleged violation of, any Environmental Law, (b) in connection with any Hazardous Material, (c) from any abatement, removal, remedial, corrective or response action in connection with a Hazardous Material, Environmental Law or order of a Governmental Authority or (d) from any actual or alleged damage, injury, threat or harm to health, safety, natural resources or the environment. 

Evolution Acquisition means the Borrowers acquisition by Evolution Malta Holding Limited, Evolution AB (publ)s wholly owned subsidiary and approved by the Borrowers shareholders at a special meeting held on November 12, 2024.

Environmental Law means any current or future Legal Requirement pertaining to (a) the protection of health, safety and the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) the conservation, management or use of natural resources and wildlife, (c) the protection or use of surface water or groundwater, (d) the management, manufacture, possession, presence, use, generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, Release, threatened Release, abatement, removal, remediation or handling of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Material or (e) pollution (including any Release to air, land, surface water or groundwater), and any amendment, rule, regulation, order or directive issued thereunder.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute thereto.

Event of Default means any event or condition identified as such in Section 8.1.

Event of Loss means, with respect to any Property, any of the following: (a) any loss, destruction or damage of such Property (other than intellectual property that is licensed to the Borrower or any Subsidiary and which is not owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary) or (b) any condemnation, seizure, or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, of such Property, or confiscation of such Property or the requisition of the use of such Property.

Federal Funds Rate means the fluctuating interest rate per annum described in part (i) of clause (b) of the definition of Base Rate.

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio has the meaning specified in Section 7.12(c).

Fixed Charges means, with reference to any period for any Person, the sum of (a) all payments of principal made or to be made during such period with respect to Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of such Person, and (b) Interest Expense of such Person paid in cash for such period.

9

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Fixed Rate Loans means and includes SOFR Loans unless the context in which such term is used shall otherwise require.

Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00%.

Foreign Subsidiary means each Subsidiary which (a) is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (b) conducts substantially all of its business outside of the United States of America, and (c) has substantially all of its assets outside of the United States of America.

FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the U.S. accounting profession), which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination.

Gaming Authorities means the California Gaming Authorities, the Nevada Gaming Authorities, and each other federal, state or local regulatory agency, board or commission and each tribal authority or agency that has jurisdiction over the ownership, or operation of gaming establishments or the manufacture, sale or distribution of gaming products, gaming devices, associated equipment or other gaming equipment, but only to the extent that such agency, board, commission, authority or agency possesses such authority to regulate any operation or Property owned, managed or operated by, or to enforce the Gaming Laws applicable to, the Borrower or any Gaming Subsidiary.

Gaming Laws means all applicable, federal, state, local and tribal laws, rules, ordinances and regulations pursuant to which the Gaming Authorities possess regulatory, licensing or permit authority over the ownership or operation of gaming establishments or the manufacture, sale or distribution of gaming products, gaming devices, associated equipment or other gaming equipment in any jurisdiction where the Borrower or any of its Gaming Subsidiaries conduct business.

Gaming Licenses means any finding of suitability, registration, license, qualification, franchise or other approval or authorization issued by any Gaming Authority and required to develop gaming products or gaming devices or to own or lease gaming equipment or to engage in the manufacture, sale or distribution of gaming products, gaming devices, associated equipment or other gaming equipment in any country, state or other jurisdiction in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries conduct business.

Gaming Subsidiarymeans any Subsidiary of the Borrower that holds a Gaming License.

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to

10

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Guarantor and Guarantors each is defined in Section 6.12(a).

Guaranty and Guaranties each is defined in Section 6.12(a).

Hazardous Material means any substance, chemical, compound, product, solid, gas, liquid, waste, byproduct, pollutant, contaminant or material which is hazardous or toxic, and includes (a) asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) and (b) any material classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or words of like import pursuant to an Environmental Law.

Hazardous Material Activity means any activity, event or occurrence involving a Hazardous Material, including the manufacture, possession, presence, use, generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, Release, threatened Release, abatement, removal, remediation, handling of or corrective or response action to any Hazardous Material.

Illegality Notice has the meaning specified in Section 3.4.

Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means for any Person (without duplication) (a) all indebtedness created, assumed or incurred in any manner by such Person representing money borrowed (including by the issuance of debt securities), (b) all indebtedness for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business), (c) all indebtedness secured by any Lien upon Property of such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, (d) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person, and (e) all obligations of such Person on or with respect to letters of credit, bankers acceptances and other extensions of credit whether or not representing obligations for borrowed money.

Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, the sum of all interest charges (including imputed interest charges with respect to Capitalized Lease Obligations and all amortization of debt discount and expense) of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any Fixed Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period with respect to such Fixed Rate Loan and on the maturity date and, if the applicable Interest Period is longer than (3) three months, on each day occurring every three (3) months after the commencement of such Interest Period, and (b) with respect to any Base Rate Loan, the last day of every calendar quarter) and on the maturity date.

Interest Period means the period commencing on the date such Borrowing of SOFR Loans is advanced, continued, or created by conversion and ending 1, 3, or 6 months thereafter (in each case subject to the availability thereof) as selected by Borrower in its notice as provided herein, provided that:

i. no Interest Period shall extend beyond the final maturity date of the relevant Loans;

11

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

ii. no Interest Period with respect to any portion of the Term Loans shall extend beyond a date on which Borrower is required to make a scheduled payment of principal on the Term Loans unless the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans that are Base Rate Loans plus (b) the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans that are Eurodollar Loans with Interest Periods expiring on or before such date equals or exceeds the principal amount to be paid on the Term Loans on such payment date;

iii. whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, provided that, if such extension would cause the last day of an Interest Period for a Borrowing of SOFR Loans to occur in the following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall be the immediately preceding Business Day; and

iv. for purposes of determining an Interest Period for a Borrowing of SOFR Loans, a month means a period starting on one day in a calendar month and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month; provided, that if there is no numerically corresponding day in the month in which such an Interest Period is to end or if such an Interest Period begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month, then such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month in which such Interest Period is to end; and

v. no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.9(d) below shall be available for specification by Borrower in its request for a Borrowing (or its request for a conversion or continuation of a Borrowing).

Legal Requirement means any treaty, convention, statute, law, regulation, ordinance, license, permit, governmental approval, injunction, judgment, order, consent decree or other requirement of any Governmental Authority, whether federal, state, or local.

Lien means any mortgage, lien, security interest, pledge, charge or encumbrance of any kind in respect of any Property, including the interests of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale, Capital Lease or other title retention arrangement.

Loan means any Revolving Loan or Term Loan, whether outstanding as a Base Rate Loan or Fixed Rate Loan or otherwise, each of which is a type of Loan hereunder.

Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Notes (if any), the Collateral Documents, the Guaranties, and each other instrument or document to be delivered hereunder or thereunder or otherwise in connection therewith.

Loan Partiesmeans, collectively, the Borrower and the Guarantors.

Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, Property, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of Borrower or of Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) a material impairment of the ability of Borrower or any Subsidiary to perform its material obligations under any Loan Document or (c) a material adverse effect upon (i) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Loan Document or the rights and

12

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

remedies of Bank thereunder or (ii) the perfection or priority of any Lien granted under any Collateral Document.

Maturity Date means the earlier of (i) January 6, 2030, and (ii) January 6, 2028 if the Evolution Acquisition has not closed by December 31, 2025.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Net Cash Proceeds means, as applicable, (a) with respect to any Disposition by a Person, cash and cash equivalent proceeds received by or for such Persons account, net of (i) reasonable direct costs relating to such Disposition and (ii) sale, use or other transactional taxes paid or payable by such Person as a direct result of such Disposition, (b) with respect to any Event of Loss of a Person, cash and cash equivalent proceeds received by or for such Persons account (whether as a result of payments made under any applicable insurance policy therefor or in connection with condemnation proceedings or otherwise), net of reasonable direct costs incurred in connection with the collection of such proceeds, awards or other payments, and (c) with respect to any offering of equity securities of a Person or the issuance of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money by a Person, cash and cash equivalent proceeds received by or for such Persons account, net of reasonable legal, underwriting, and other fees and expenses incurred as a direct result thereof.

Net Income means, with reference to any period for any Person, the net income (or net loss) of such Person for such period computed on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded from Net Income (a) the net income (or net loss) of such Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of, or has merged into or consolidated with, Borrower or another Subsidiary, and (b) the net income (or net loss) of such Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has an equity interest in, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or other distributions actually paid to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period.

Nevada Gaming Authorities means the Nevada Gaming Commission, the Nevada Gaming Control Board and all applicable county, city and municipal authorities within the State of Nevada possessing regulatory, licensing or permit authority over the ownership or operation of gaming activities or the manufacture, sale or distribution of gaming products, gaming devices, associated equipment or other gaming equipment in the State of Nevada (or any such county, city or municipality therein).

Note and Notes each is defined in Section 2.10(c).

Obligations means all obligations of Borrower to pay principal and interest on the Loans, all fees and charges payable hereunder, and all other payment obligations of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries arising under or in relation to any Loan Document, in each case whether now existing or hereafter arising, due or to become due, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, and howsoever evidenced, held or acquired.

OFAC means the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control.

13

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

OFAC SDN List means the list of the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC.

Patriot Act means the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)).

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any Person succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or any other entity or organization, including a government or agency or political subdivision thereof.

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code that either (a) is maintained by a member of the Controlled Group for employees of a member of the Controlled Group or (b) is maintained pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement or any other arrangement under which more than one employer makes contributions and to which a member of the Controlled Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding five plan years made contributions.

Pledge Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement dated the date of this Agreement between Borrower and Bank, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time.

Premisesmeans the real property owned or leased by Borrower or any Subsidiary, including the real property and improvements thereon owned by Borrower or any Subsidiary.

Property means, as to any Person, all types of real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed property owned by such Person whether or not included in the most recent balance sheet of such Person and its subsidiaries under GAAP.

RCRA means the Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 and Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984, 42 U.S.C. 6901 etseq., and any future amendments. 

Receivables means all rights to the payment of a monetary obligation, now or hereafter owing to Borrower or any Subsidiary, evidenced by accounts, instruments, chattel paper, or general intangibles.

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person's Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person's Affiliates.

Release means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migration, dumping, or disposing into the indoor or outdoor environment, including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, drums, containers, tanks or other receptacles containing or previously containing any Hazardous Material.

14

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Relevant Governmental Body means the FRB and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the FRB and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto.

Revolving Credit Commitment means the obligation of Bank to make Revolving Loans hereunder in an aggregate principal or face amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed $2,000,000.

Revolving Credit Termination Date means the earlier of (A) January 6, 2030 or January 6, 2028 if the Evolution Acquisition is not completed by December 31, 2025, and (B) such earlier date on which the Revolving Credit Commitment is terminated in whole pursuant to Section 2.13, 8.2 or 8.3.

Revolving Loan is defined in Section 2.2 and, as so defined, includes a Base Rate Loan or a Fixed Rate Loan, each of which is a type of Revolving Loan hereunder.

Revolving Note is defined in Section 2.10(c).

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services Group, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc.

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC (including the OFAC SDN List), the United States Department of State or any other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in clauses (a) or (b) above.

Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions, secondary sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the United States government (including those administered by OFAC or the United States Department of State), or any other relevant sanctions authority with jurisdiction over Bank, any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

Security Agreement means that certain Security Agreement dated the date of this Agreement between Borrower and its Subsidiaries and Bank, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Loan means a Loan bearing interest based on Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate.

Subordinated Debt means Indebtedness for Borrowed Money which is subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment of the Obligations pursuant to subordination provisions

15

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

approved in writing by Bank and is otherwise pursuant to documentation that is, which is in an amount that is, and which contains interest rates, payment terms, maturities, amortization schedules, covenants, defaults, remedies and other material terms that are, in each case, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.

Subsidiary means, as to any particular parent corporation or organization, any other corporation or organization more than 50% of the outstanding Voting Stock of which is at the time directly or indirectly owned by such parent corporation or organization or by any one or more other entities which are themselves subsidiaries of such parent corporation or organization. Unless otherwise expressly noted herein, the term Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of Borrower or of any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries.

Term Loan is defined in Section 2.1(a) and, as so defined, includes a Base Rate Loan or a Fixed Rate Loan, each of which is a type of Term Loan hereunder.

Term Loan Commitment means the obligation of Bank to make the Term Loan on the Closing Date in the principal amount not to exceed $45,000,000.

Term Note is defined in Section 2.10(c).

Term SOFR means,

(a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and

(b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not

16

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day.

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Bank in its reasonable discretion).

Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR.

Total Funded Debt means, at any time the same is to be determined for any Person, the sum (but without duplication) of (a) all Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of such Person at such time, and (b) all Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other Person which is directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person or which such Person has agreed (contingently or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire or in respect of which such Person has otherwise assured a creditor against loss.

Total Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio means, as of any date, the ratio of Total Funded Debt of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date to EBITDA of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period of four fiscal quarters then ended.

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

Unfunded Vested Liabilities means, for any Plan at any time, the amount (if any) by which the present value of all vested nonforfeitable accrued benefits under such Plan exceeds the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as of the then most recent valuation date for such Plan, but only to the extent that such excess represents a potential liability of a member of the Controlled Group to the PBGC or the Plan under Title IV of ERISA.

Unused Revolving Credit Commitment means, at any time, the difference between the Revolving Credit Commitment then in effect and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans.

U.S. Dollars and $ each means the lawful currency of the United States of America.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

Voting Stock of any Person means capital stock or other equity interests of any class or classes (however designated) having ordinary power for the election of directors or other similar governing body of such Person, other than stock or other equity interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency.

Welfare Plan means a welfare plan as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA.

17

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Wholly-owned Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of which all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares as required by law) or other equity interests are owned by Borrower and/or one or more Wholly-owned Subsidiaries within the meaning of this definition.

Section 1.2 Interpretation. The foregoing definitions are equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. The words hereof, herein, and hereunder and words of like import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. All references to time of day herein are references to Chicago, Illinois, time unless otherwise specifically provided. Where the character or amount of any asset or liability or item of income or expense is required to be determined or any consolidation or other accounting computation is required to be made for the purposes of this Agreement, it shall be done in accordance with GAAP except where such principles are inconsistent with the specific provisions of this Agreement.

Section 1.3 Change in Accounting Principles. If, after the date of this Agreement, there shall occur any change in GAAP from those used in the preparation of the financial statements referred to in Section 5.5 and such change shall result in a change in the method of calculation of any financial covenant, standard or term found in this Agreement, either the Borrower or the Bank may by notice to the other require that the Borrower and the Bank negotiate in good faith to amend such covenants, standards, and terms so as equitably to reflect such change in accounting principles, with the desired result being that the criteria for evaluating the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be the same as if such change had not been made. No delay by the Borrower or the Bank in requiring such negotiation shall limit their right to so require such a negotiation at any time after such a change in accounting principles. Until any such covenant, standard, or term is amended in accordance with this Section 1.3, financial covenants shall be computed and determined in accordance with GAAP in effect prior to such change in accounting principles. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower shall neither be deemed to be in compliance with any financial covenant hereunder nor out of compliance with any financial covenant hereunder if such state of compliance or noncompliance, as the case may be, would not exist but for the occurrence of a change in accounting principles after the date hereof.

Section 1.4 Interest Rates. The Bank does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Benchmark or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Bank and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Benchmark, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Bank may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Benchmark or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms

18

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

SECTION 2. The Credit Facilities.

Section 2.1 Term Loan Commitment.Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Bank agrees to make a loan (the Term Loan) in U.S. Dollars to Borrower in the amount of the Term Loan Commitment. The Term Loan shall be advanced in a single Borrowing on the Closing Date, at which time the Term Loan Commitment shall expire. As provided in Section 2.6, Borrower may elect that the Term Loan be outstanding as Base Rate Loans or Fixed Rate Loans. No amount repaid or prepaid on the Term Loan may be borrowed again.

Section 2.2 Revolving Credit Commitment. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Bank agrees to make a loan or loans (individually a Revolving Loan and collectively the Revolving Loans) in U.S. Dollars to Borrower from time to time on a revolving basis up to the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment, subject to any reductions thereof pursuant to the terms hereof, before the Revolving Credit Termination Date. The sum of the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans at any time outstanding shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment in effect at such time. As provided in Section 2.6, Borrower may elect that each Borrowing of Revolving Loans be either Base Rate Loans or Fixed Rate Loans. Revolving Loans may be repaid and the principal amount thereof reborrowed before the Revolving Credit Termination Date, subject to the terms and conditions hereof.

Section 2.3 Reserved.

Section 2.4 Applicable Interest Rates.

(a) Base Rate Loans. Each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual days elapsed) on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such Loan is advanced, or created by conversion from a Fixed Rate Loan, until maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Base Rate from time to time in effect, payable by Borrower on each Interest Payment Date and at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise).

(b) SOFR Loans. Each SOFR Loan shall bear interest during each Interest Period it is outstanding (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) on the unpaid principal amount thereof from the date such Loan is advanced or continued, until maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus Term SOFR for the applicable Interest Period, payable by Borrower on each Interest Payment Date and at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise).

(c) Rate Determinations. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the Bank shall determine each interest rate applicable to the Loans hereunder, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive and binding except in the case of manifest error. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Bank will have the right to make Conforming

19

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Bank will promptly notify the Borrower of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR.

Section 2.5 Minimum Borrowing Amounts; Maximum Fixed Rate Loans. Each Borrowing of Fixed Rate Loans advanced, continued or converted shall be in an amount equal to $250,000.00 or such greater amount which is an integral multiple of $100,000.00. Without Banks consent, there shall not be more than six (6) Borrowings of Fixed Rate Loans outstanding hereunder at any one time.

Section 2.6 Manner of Borrowing Loans and Designating Applicable Interest Rates. Borrower shall give notice to Bank by no later than 10:00 a.m.: (i) at least three (3) Business Days before the date on which Borrower requests Bank to advance a Borrowing of SOFR Loans, and (ii) on the date Borrower requests Bank to advance a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Bank may (but shall not be required to) verify any Borrowing request through its authentication process (or by any other means it deems necessary in its sole discretion to authenticate such Borrowing request) before funding such requested Borrowing. The Loans included in each Borrowing shall bear interest initially at the type of rate specified in such notice of a new Borrowing. Thereafter, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Borrower may from time to time elect to change or continue the type of interest rate borne by each Borrowing or, subject to the minimum amount requirement for each outstanding Borrowing set forth in Section 2.5, a portion thereof, as follows: (i) if such Borrowing is of SOFR Loans, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, Borrower may continue part or all of such Borrowing as SOFR Loans or convert part or all of such Borrowing into Base Rate Loans, or (ii) if such Borrowing is of Base Rate Loans, on any Business Day, Borrower may convert all or part of such Borrowing into Fixed Rate Loans for an Interest Period or Interest Periods specified by Borrower. Borrower shall give all such notices requesting the advance, continuation or conversion of a Borrowing to Bank by telephone, telecopy, or other telecommunication device acceptable to Bank (which notice shall be irrevocable once given and, if by telephone, shall be promptly confirmed in writing), in a form acceptable to Bank. Notice of the continuation of a Borrowing of SOFR Loans for an additional Interest Period or of the conversion of part or all of a Borrowing into SOFR Loans must be given by no later than 10:00 a.m. at least three (3) Business Days before the date of the requested continuation or conversion. All such notices concerning the advance, continuation or conversion of a Borrowing shall specify the date of the requested advance, continuation or conversion of a Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), the amount of the requested Borrowing to be advanced, continued or converted, the type of Loans to comprise such new, continued or converted Borrowing and, if such Borrowing is to be comprised of Fixed Rate Loans, the Interest Period applicable thereto. No Borrowing of Fixed Rate Loans shall be advanced, continued, or created by conversion if any Default or Event of Default then exists. Borrower agrees that Bank may rely on any such telephonic, telecopy or other telecommunication notice given by any person Bank in good faith believes is an Authorized Representative without the necessity of independent investigation, and in the event any such notice by telephone conflicts with any written confirmation such telephonic notice shall govern if Bank has acted in reliance thereon.

20

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(a) Borrowers Failure to Notify. If Borrower fails to give notice pursuant to Section 2.6(a) above of the continuation or conversion of any outstanding principal amount of a Borrowing of Fixed Rate Loans before the last day of its then current Interest Period within the period required by Section 2.6(a) and such Borrowing is not prepaid in accordance with Section 2.8(a), such Borrowing shall automatically be converted to a Base Rate Loan.

Section 2.7 Maturity of Loans.

(a) Scheduled Payments of Term Loans. (a) Borrower shall make principal payments on the Term Loans in installments on the last day of each March, June, September, and December in each year, commencing with the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2025, with the amount of each such principal installment to equal the amount set forth in Column B below shown opposite of the relevant due date as set forth in Column A below:

Column A

Payment Date 

Column B

Scheduled Principal

Payment on Term Loans

03/31/25 

$562,500.00

06/30/25 

$562,500.00

09/30/25 

$562,500.00

12/31/25 

$562,500.00

03/31/26 

$562,500.00

06/30/26 

$562,500.00

09/30/26 

$562,500.00

12/31/26 

$562,500.00

03/31/27 

$843,750.00

06/30/27 

$843,750.00

09/30/27 

$843,750.00

12/31/27 

$843,750.00

03/31/28 

$843,750.00

06/30/28 

$843,750.00

09/30/28 

$843,750.00

12/31/28 

$843,750.00

03/31/29 

$1,125,000.00

06/30/29 

$1,125,000.00

09/30/29

12/31/29 

$1,125,000.00

$1,125,000.00

it being agreed that a final payment comprised of all principal and interest then outstanding on the Term Loans shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.

(b) Revolving Loans. Each Revolving Loan, both for principal and interest then outstanding, shall mature and be due and payable by Borrower on the Revolving Credit Termination Date.

21

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Section 2.8 Prepayments.

(a) Optional Prepayments. Borrower may prepay in whole or in part (but, if in part, then: (i) if such Borrowing is of Base Rate Loans, in an amount not less than $250,000.00, (ii) if such Borrowing is of Fixed Rate Loans, in an amount not less than $250,000.00, and (iii) in each case, in an amount such that the minimum amount required for a Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.5 remains outstanding) any Borrowing of SOFR Loans at any time upon three (3) Business Days prior notice by Borrower to Bank, and any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans at any time upon notice delivered by Borrower to Bank no later than 10:00 a.m. on the date of prepayment (or, in any case, such shorter period of time then agreed to by Bank), such prepayment, in each case, to be made by the payment of the principal amount to be prepaid and, in the case of any Term Loans or Fixed Rate Loans, accrued interest thereon to the date fixed for prepayment plus any amounts due to the Bank under Section 3.3.

(b) Mandatory Prepayments.

(i) If Borrower or any Subsidiary shall at any time or from time to time make or agree to make a Disposition or shall suffer an Event of Loss with respect to any Property, then Borrower shall promptly notify Bank of such proposed Disposition or Event of Loss (including the amount of the estimated Net Cash Proceeds to be received by Borrower or such Subsidiary in respect thereof) and, promptly upon receipt by Borrower or such Subsidiary of the Net Cash Proceeds of such Disposition or Event of Loss, Borrower shall prepay the Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the amount of all such Net Cash Proceeds; provided that (x) so long as no Default or Event of Default then exists, this subsection shall not require any such prepayment with respect to Net Cash Proceeds received on account of an Event of Loss so long as such Net Cash Proceeds are applied to replace or restore the relevant Property in accordance with the relevant Collateral Documents, (y) this subsection shall not require any such prepayment with respect to Net Cash Proceeds received on account of Dispositions during any fiscal year of Borrower not exceeding $500,000.00 in the aggregate so long as no Default or Event of Default then exists, and (z) in the case of any Disposition not covered by clause (y) above, so long as no Default or Event of Default then exists, if Borrower states in its notice of such event that Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary intends to reinvest, within 120 days of the applicable Disposition, the Net Cash Proceeds thereof in assets similar to the assets which were subject to such Disposition, then Borrower shall not be required to make a mandatory prepayment under this subsection in respect of such Net Cash Proceeds to the extent such Net Cash Proceeds are actually reinvested in such similar assets with such 120-day period. Promptly after the end of such 120-day period, Borrower shall notify Bank whether Borrower or such Subsidiary has reinvested such Net Cash Proceeds in such similar assets, and, to the extent such Net Cash Proceeds have not been so reinvested, Borrower shall promptly prepay the Obligations in the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds not so reinvested. The amount of each such prepayment shall be applied first to the outstanding Term Loans until paid in full and then to the Revolving Loans. If Bank so requests, all proceeds of such Disposition or Event of Loss shall be deposited with Bank (or its agent) and held by it in the Collateral Account to be disbursed to or at Borrowers direction for application to or reimbursement for the costs of replacing, rebuilding or restoring such Property. If after the Closing Date Borrower or any Subsidiary shall issue new equity

22

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

securities (whether common or preferred stock or otherwise), other than equity securities issued in connection with the exercise of employee stock options, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank of the estimated Net Cash Proceeds of such issuance to be received by or for the account of Borrower or such Subsidiary in respect thereof. Promptly upon receipt by Borrower or such Subsidiary of Net Cash Proceeds of such issuance, Borrower shall prepay the Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds. The amount of each such prepayment shall be applied first to the outstanding Term Loans until paid in full and then to the Revolving Loans. Borrower acknowledges that its performance hereunder shall not limit the rights and remedies of Bank for any breach of Section 7.(5) (Maintenance of Subsidiaries) or Section 8.1(i) (Change of Control) hereof or any other terms of the Loan Documents.

(ii) If after the Closing Date Borrower or any Subsidiary shall issue new equity securities (whether common or preferred stock or otherwise), other than equity securities issued in connection with the exercise of employee stock options, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank of the estimated Net Cash Proceeds of such issuance to be received by or for the account of Borrower or such Subsidiary in respect thereof. Promptly upon receipt by Borrower or such Subsidiary of Net Cash Proceeds of such issuance, Borrower shall prepay the Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds. The amount of each such prepayment shall be applied first to the outstanding Term Loans until paid in full and then to the Revolving Loans. Borrower acknowledges that its performance hereunder shall not limit the rights and remedies of Bank for any breach of Section 7.5 (Maintenance of Subsidiaries) or Section 8.1(i) (Change of Control) hereof or any other terms of the Loan Documents.

(iii) If after the Closing Date Borrower or any Subsidiary shall issue any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, other than Indebtedness for Borrowed Money permitted by Section 7.1, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank of the estimated Net Cash Proceeds of such issuance to be received by or for the account of Borrower or such Subsidiary in respect thereof. Promptly upon receipt by Borrower or such Subsidiary of Net Cash Proceeds of such issuance, Borrower shall prepay the Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds. The amount of each such prepayment shall be applied first to the outstanding Term Loans until paid in full and then to the Revolving Loans. Borrower acknowledges that its performance hereunder shall not limit the rights and remedies of Bank for any breach of Section 7.1 or any other terms of the Loan Documents.

(iv) If after the Closing Date Borrower or any Subsidiary shall issue any Subordinated Debt, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank of the estimated Net Cash Proceeds of such issuance to be received by or for the account of Borrower or such Subsidiary in respect thereof. Promptly upon receipt by Borrower or such Subsidiary of Net Cash Proceeds of such issuance, Borrower shall prepay the Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds. The amount of each such prepayment shall be applied first to the outstanding Term Loans until paid in full and then to the Revolving Loans. Borrower acknowledges that its performance hereunder shall not limit the rights and remedies of Bank for any breach of Section 7.1 or any other terms of the Loan Documents.

23

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(v) Reserved.

(vi) Borrower shall, on each date the Revolving Credit Commitment is reduced pursuant to Section 2.13, prepay the Revolving Loans.

(vii) Unless Borrower otherwise directs, prepayments of Loans under this Section 2.8(b) shall be applied first to Borrowings of Base Rate Loans (if any) until payment in full thereof with any balance applied to Borrowings of Fixed Rate Loans in the order in which their Interest Periods expire. Each prepayment of Loans under this Section 2.8(b) shall be made by the payment of the principal amount to be prepaid and, in the case of any Term Loans or Fixed Rate Loans, accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment together with any amounts due Bank under Section 3.3.

(c) Any amount of Revolving Loans paid or prepaid before the Revolving Credit Termination Date may, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, be borrowed, repaid and borrowed again. No amount of the Term Loans paid or prepaid may be reborrowed, and, in the case of any partial prepayment, such prepayment shall be applied to the remaining amortization payments on the relevant Loans in the inverse order of maturity.

Section 2.9 Default Rate.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if any Loan or any part thereof is not paid when due (whether by lapse of time, acceleration, or otherwise), or at the election of Bank upon notice to Borrower during the existence of any other Event of Default, Borrower shall pay interest (after as well as before entry of judgment thereon to the extent permitted by law) on the principal amount of all Loans fees at a rate per annum equal to:

(b) for any Base Rate Loan, the sum of 2.0% plus the Applicable Margin plus the Base Rate from time to time in effect; and

(c) for any Fixed Rate Loan, the sum of 2.0% plus the rate of interest in effect thereon at the time of such default until the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and, thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2.0% plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans plus the Base Rate from time to time in effect.

Section 2.10 Evidence of Indebtedness.

(a) Bank shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of Borrower hereunder, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to Bank from time to time hereunder.

(b) The entries maintained in the account(s) maintained pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the Obligations therein recorded; provided, that the failure of Bank to maintain such account(s) or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of Borrower to repay the Obligations in accordance with their terms.

24

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(c) Bank may request that the Loans be evidenced by a promissory note or notes in the forms of Exhibit A-1 (in the case of its Term Loan and referred to herein as a Term Note), or Exhibit A-2 (in the case of its Revolving Loans and referred to herein as a Revolving Note), as applicable (the Term Notes and Revolving Notes being hereinafter referred to collectively as the Notes and individually as a Note). In such event, Borrower shall execute and deliver to Bank a Note payable to Bank or its registered assigns in the amount of the relevant Term Loan or Revolving Credit Commitment, as applicable.

Section 2.11 Fees.

(a) Revolving Credit Commitment Fee. Borrower shall pay to Bank a commitment fee at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of days elapsed) on the average daily Unused Revolving Credit Commitment. Such commitment fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March, June, September, and December in each year (commencing on the first such date occurring after the date hereof) and on the Revolving Credit Termination Date, unless the Revolving Credit Commitment is terminated in whole on an earlier date, in which event the commitment fee for the period to the date of such termination in whole shall be paid on the date of such termination.

(b) Reserved.

(c) Reserved.

(d) Closing Fee. Borrower shall pay to Bank on the date hereof a non-refundable closing fee in the amount of $470,000.00 (an aggregate of 1.0% of the Revolving Credit Commitment and the Term Loan Commitment).

(e) Reserved.

Section 2.12 Section 2.12 Place and Application of Payments. All payments of principal, interest, fees, and all other Obligations payable under the Loan Documents shall be made to Bank at its office at 320 South Canal Street, Chicago, Illinois (or at such other place as Bank may specify) no later than 1:00 p.m. on the date any such payment is due and payable. Payments received by Bank after 1:00 p.m. shall be deemed received as of the opening of business on the next Business Day. All such payments shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America, in immediately available funds at the place of payment, without setoff or counterclaim and without reduction for, and free from, any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, charges, deductions, withholdings, restrictions, and conditions of any nature imposed by any government or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof (but excluding any taxes imposed on or measured by the net income of Bank). All payments shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal. Unless Borrower otherwise directs, principal payments shall be applied first to the relevant Base Rate Portion (if any) until payment in full thereof, with any balance applied to the relevant Fixed Rate Portions in the order in which their Interest Periods expire. Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes Bank to (a) charge from time to time any of Borrowers deposit accounts with Bank and/or (b) make Revolving Loans from time to time hereunder (and any such Revolving Loan may be made by Bank hereunder without regard

25

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

to the provisions of Section 4 hereof), in each case for payment of any Obligation then due and payable (whether such Obligation is for interest then due on a Loan or otherwise); provided that Bank shall not be under any obligation to charge any such deposit account or make any such Revolving Loan under this Section, and Bank shall incur no liability to Borrower or any other Person for its failure to do so.

Section 2.13 Commitment Terminations.

(a) Optional Revolving Credit Terminations. Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time, upon five (5) Business Days prior written notice to Bank (or such shorter period of time agreed to by Bank), to terminate the Revolving Credit Commitment without premium or penalty and in whole or in part, any partial termination to be in an amount not less than $500,000; provided that the Revolving Credit Commitment may not be reduced to an amount less than the sum of the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans then outstanding.

(b) Reserved.

(c) Any termination of the Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.13 may not be reinstated.

SECTION 3. CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES.

Section 3.1 Withholding Taxes. Except as otherwise required by law, each payment by Borrower under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be made without withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes (other than overall net income taxes on the recipient) imposed by or within the jurisdiction in which Borrower is domiciled, any jurisdiction from which Borrower makes any payment, or (in each case) any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. If any such withholding is so required, Borrower shall make the withholding, pay the amount withheld to the appropriate Governmental Authority before penalties attach thereto or interest accrues thereon, and forthwith pay such additional amount as may be necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by Bank free and clear of such taxes (including such taxes on such additional amount) is equal to the amount that Bank would have received had such withholding not been made. If Bank pays any amount in respect of any such taxes, penalties or interest, Borrower shall reimburse Bank for that payment on demand in the currency in which such payment was made. If Borrower pays any such taxes, penalties or interest, it shall deliver official tax receipts evidencing that payment or certified copies thereof to Bank on or before the thirtieth day after payment.

Section 3.2 Documentary Taxes. Borrower agrees to pay on demand any documentary, stamp or similar taxes payable in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including interest and penalties, in the event any such taxes are assessed, irrespective of when such assessment is made and whether or not any credit is then in use or available hereunder.

Section 3.3 Funding Indemnity.

(a) If Bank shall incur any loss, cost or expense (including any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or re-employment of deposits or other funds acquired by Bank

26

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

to fund or maintain any Fixed Rate Loan or the relending or reinvesting of such deposits or amounts paid or prepaid to Bank) as a result of:

(i) any payment, prepayment or conversion of a Fixed Rate Loan on a date other than the last day of its Interest Period,

(ii) any failure (because of a failure to meet the conditions of Section 4 or otherwise) by Borrower to borrow or continue a Fixed Rate Loan, or to convert a Loan into a Fixed Rate Loan, on the date specified in a notice given pursuant to Section 2.6(a),

(iii) any failure by Borrower to make any payment of principal on any Fixed Rate Loan when due (whether by acceleration or otherwise), or

(iv) any acceleration of the maturity of a Fixed Rate Loan as a result of the occurrence of any Event of Default hereunder,

then, upon the demand of Bank, Borrower shall pay to Bank such amount as will reimburse Bank for such loss, cost or expense. If Bank makes such a claim for compensation, it shall provide to Borrower a certificate setting forth the amount of such loss, cost or expense in reasonable detail and the amounts shown on such certificate shall be conclusive and binding on Borrower absent manifest error.

Section 3.4 Change of Law; Illegality.

If Bank determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for Bank or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by Bank to the Borrower (an "Illegality Notice"), (a) any obligation of the Bank to make SOFR Loans, and any right of any Borrower to continue SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to SOFR Loans, shall be suspended, and (b) the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by Bank without reference to clause (c) of the definition of "Base Rate", in each case until the Bank notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of an Illegality Notice, Borrower shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, upon demand from Bank, prepay or, if applicable, convert all SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by Bank without reference to clause (c) of the definition of "Base Rate"), on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if Bank may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if Bank may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans to such day. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.3.

Section 3.5 Inability to Determine Rates. Subject to Section 3.9, if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any Borrowing of SOFR Loans:

(a) the Bank determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or

27

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(b) the Bank determines that (i) for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to Bank of making and maintaining such Loan or (ii) that the making or funding of SOFR Loans has become impracticable,

then Bank shall forthwith give notice thereof to Borrower, whereupon until Bank notifies Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, the obligations of Bank to create, continue, or effect by conversion SOFR Loans shall be suspended (and any existing SOFR Loans shall be automatically converted into Base Rate Loans upon the end of the applicable Interest Period therefor). Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amounts so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.3.

Section 3.6 Increased Cost and Reduced Return.

(a) If, on or after the date hereof, any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including pursuant to regulations issued from time to time by the FRB for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, special, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as "Eurocurrency liabilities" in Regulation D)), special deposit. compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, Bank (or its lending branch)

(ii) shall subject Bank (or its lending branch) to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to its Fixed Rate Loans, its Notes, or its obligation to make Fixed Rate Loans, or shall change the basis of taxation of payments to Bank (or its lending branch) of the principal of or interest on its Fixed Rate Loans, or any other amounts due under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in respect of its Fixed Rate Loans, or its obligation to make Fixed Rate Loans (except for changes in the rate of tax on the overall net income of Bank (or its lending branch) imposed by the jurisdiction in which Banks principal executive office or lending branch is located); or

(iii) impose on Bank any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or SOFR Loans made by Bank therein;

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to Bank (or its lending branch) of making or maintaining any Fixed Rate Loan, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by Bank (or its lending branch) under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document with respect thereto, by an amount deemed by Bank to be material, then, within 15 days after demand by Bank, Borrower shall be obligated to pay to Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Bank for such increased cost or reduction.

(b) If, after the date hereof, Bank shall have determined that any Change in Law has had the effect of reducing the rate of return on Banks capital as a consequence of its obligations

28

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

hereunder to a level below that which Bank could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration Banks policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by Bank to be material, then from time to time, within 15 days after demand by Bank, Borrower shall pay to Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Bank for such reduction.

(c) A certificate of Bank claiming compensation under this Section 3.6 and setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive absent manifest error. In determining such amount, Bank may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods.

Section 3.7 Lending Offices. Bank may, at its option, elect to make its Loans hereunder at the branch, office or affiliate specified on the appropriate signature page hereof for each type of Loan available hereunder or at such other of its branches, offices or affiliates as it may from time to time elect. To the extent reasonably possible, Bank shall designate an alternative branch or funding office with respect to its Fixed Rate Loans to reduce any liability of Borrower to Bank under Section 3.6 or to avoid the unavailability of Fixed Rate Loans under Section 3.5, so long as such designation is not otherwise disadvantageous to Bank.

Section 3.8 Reserved.

Section 3.9 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document:

(a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Borrower without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. For the avoidance of doubt, no swap contract shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 3.9.

(b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Bank will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

29

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(c) Notice; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Bank will promptly notify the Borrower of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Bank will promptly notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 3.9 and any commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Bank pursuant to this Section 3.9, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.9.

(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Bank in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Bank may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not or is no longer subject to an announcement that is or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Bank may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Base Rate.

SECTION 4. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.

Section 4.1 Initial Credit Event. The obligation of Bank to participate in any initial Credit Event hereunder is subject to satisfaction or waiver by Bank of the following conditions precedent:

30

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(a) Bank shall have received each of the following, in each case (i) duly executed by all applicable parties, (ii) dated a date satisfactory to Bank and (iii) in form and substance satisfactory to Bank:

(i) this Agreement duly executed by Borrower and Bank;

(ii) if requested by Bank, duly executed Notes of Borrower dated the date hereof and otherwise in compliance with the provisions of Section 2.10;

(iii) the Guaranty, Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, and each of the other Collateral Documents required by Bank, together with (i) original stock certificates or other similar instruments or securities representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests in each of the entities being pledged as of the Closing Date, (ii) stock powers for the Collateral consisting of the stock or other equity interest in each entity being pledged, executed in blank and undated, (iii) UCC financing statements to be filed against Borrower and each Subsidiary, as debtor, in favor of Bank, as secured party, (iv) patent, trademark, and copyright collateral agreements to the extent requested by Bank, and (v) deposit account, securities account, and commodity account control agreements to the extent requested by Bank;

(iv) evidence of all insurance required to be maintained under the Loan Documents;

(v) copies of Borrowers and each Subsidiarys articles of incorporation and bylaws (or comparable organizational documents) and any amendments thereto, certified in each instance by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary;

(vi) copies of resolutions of Borrowers and each Subsidiarys board of directors (or similar governing body) authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, together with specimen signatures of the persons authorized to execute such documents on Borrowers and each Subsidiarys behalf, all certified in each instance by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary;

(vii) such documents and certifications as Bank may reasonably require to evidence that Borrower and each Subsidiary is validly existing, in good standing, and qualified to engage in business in its jurisdiction of organization and in any other jurisdiction in which the nature of Borrowers or such Subsidiarys business requires such qualification;

(viii) a list of Borrowers Authorized Representatives;

(ix) such evaluations and certifications as it may reasonably require in order to satisfy itself as to the value of the Collateral, the financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and the lack of material contingent liabilities of Borrower and its Subsidiaries;

31

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(x) financing statement, tax, and judgment lien search results against the Property of Borrower and each Subsidiary evidencing the absence of Liens on its Property except as permitted by Section 7.2;

(xi) pay off and lien release letters from secured creditors of Borrower and each Subsidiary setting forth, among other things, the total amount of indebtedness outstanding and owing to them (or outstanding letters of credit issued for the account of Borrower or any Subsidiary) and containing an undertaking to cause to be delivered to Bank UCC termination statements and any other lien release instruments necessary to release their Liens on the assets of Borrower and each Subsidiary;

(xii) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Bank that all indebtedness to creditors referenced in the preceding paragraph has been (or concurrently with the initial Borrowing will be) paid in full, and that all agreements and instruments governing indebtedness and that all Liens securing such indebtedness have been (or concurrently with the initial Borrowing will be) terminated.

(xiii) a favorable written opinion of counsel to Borrower and each Subsidiary;

(xiv) a fully executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 for Borrower;

(xv) a fully executed Beneficial Ownership Certification; and

(xvi) such other agreements, instruments, documents, certificates, and opinions as Bank may reasonably request.

(b) Bank shall have received the initial fees called for by Section 2.11, together with all other fees, costs and expenses required to be paid by Borrower at or before closing; and

(c) the capital and organizational structure of Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be satisfactory to Bank.

(d) Bank shall have received the Borrowers consolidated audited financial statements and consolidated unaudited quarterly financial statements (including an income statement, a balance sheet, and a statement of cash flow) for the prior three years, and Borrowers consolidated three year projected financial statements, all to be in form and substance acceptable to the bank.

(e) No material adverse change in the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties, or prospects of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Guarantor from that reflected in the September 30, 2024 financial statements of Borrower and delivered to the bank shall have occurred.

(f) The Banks receipt of evidence satisfactory to the Bank that the Borrowers EBITDA for the most recently-ended 12-month period through September 30, 2024 is at least $11,000,000.00 and the Borrowers ratio of Total Funded Debt to EBITDA is less than 4.0 to 1.0 for the recently ended 12-month period through September 30, 2024, with each determined based on all indebtedness outstanding as of the Closing Date of the Loans after giving effect to the initial loans hereunder.

32

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(g) The Banks receipt of evidence satisfactory to the Bank that the Borrowers Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the most recently-ended 12-month period through September 30, 2024 is not less than 1.10 to 1.0.

(h) The Banks receipt of evidence satisfactory to the Bank that the Borrowers and Borrowers Subsidiaries aggregate capital expenditures have not exceeded seven and one half of one percent (7.5%) of the prior years aggregate net revenues.

Section 4.2 All Credit Events. The obligation of Bank to participate in any Credit Event (including any initial Credit Event) hereunder is subject to the following conditions precedent:

(a) each of the representations and warranties set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents shall be and remain true and correct in all respect (or in all material respect if such representation or warranty is not by its terms already qualified as to materiality) as of said time, except to the extent the same expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be and remain true and correct in all respect (or in all material respect if such representation or warranty is not by its terms already qualified as to materiality) as of such earlier date;

(b) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a result of such Credit Event;

(c) in the case of a Borrowing, Bank shall have received the notice required by Section 2.6;

(d) after giving effect to such Credit Event, the sum of the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment in effect at such time; and

(e) such Credit Event shall not violate any order, judgment or decree of any court or other authority or any provision of law or regulation applicable to Bank (including Regulation U of the FRB) as then in effect.

Each request for a Borrowing hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by Borrower on the date on such Credit Event as to the facts specified in subsections (a) through (e) of this Section; provided that Bank may continue to make advances under the Revolving Credit Commitment, in the sole discretion of Bank, notwithstanding the failure of Borrower to satisfy one or more of the conditions set forth above and any such advances so made shall not be deemed a waiver of any Default or Event of Default or other condition set forth above that may then exist.

SECTION 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

Borrower represents and warrants to Bank as follows:

Section 5.1 Organization and Qualification. Borrower is (a) duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada, (b) has full and adequate power to own its Property and conduct its business as now conducted, and (c) is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the nature of the Property owned or leased by it requires such licensing or

33

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

qualifying, except, with respect to this clause (c), where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.2 Subsidiaries. Each Subsidiary (a) is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized, (b) has full and adequate power to own its Property and conduct its business as now conducted, and (c) is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the nature of the Property owned or leased by it requires such licensing or qualifying, except, with respect to this clause (c), where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.2 hereto identifies each Subsidiary, the jurisdiction of its organization, the percentage of issued and outstanding shares of each class of its capital stock or other equity interests owned by Borrower and the other Subsidiaries and, if such percentage is not 100% (excluding directors qualifying shares as required by law), a description of each class of its authorized capital stock and other equity interests and the number of shares of each class issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other equity interests of each Subsidiary are validly issued and outstanding and fully paid and non-assessable and all such shares and other equity interests indicated on Schedule 5.2 as owned by Borrower or another Subsidiary are owned, beneficially and of record, by Borrower or such Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens other than the Liens granted in favor of Bank pursuant to the Collateral Documents. There are no outstanding commitments or other obligations of any Subsidiary to issue, and no options, warrants or other rights of any Person to acquire, any shares of any class of capital stock or other equity interests of any Subsidiary.

Section 5.3 Authority and Validity of Obligations. Borrower has full right and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents executed by it, to make the borrowings herein provided for, to grant to Bank the Liens described in the Collateral Documents executed by Borrower, and to perform all of its obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents executed by it. Each Subsidiary has full right and authority to enter into the Loan Documents executed by it, to guarantee the Obligations, to grant to Bank the Liens described in the Collateral Documents executed by such Person, and to perform all of its obligations under the Loan Documents executed by it. The Loan Documents delivered by Borrower and its Subsidiaries have been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by such Persons and constitute valid and binding obligations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries enforceable against them in accordance with their terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and this Agreement and the other Loan Documents do not, nor does the performance or observance by Borrower or any Subsidiary of any of the matters and things herein or therein provided for, (a) contravene or constitute a default under any provision of law or any judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon Borrower or any Subsidiary or any provision of the organizational documents (e.g., charter, certificate or articles of incorporation and bylaws, certificate or articles of association and operating agreement, partnership agreement, or other similar organizational documents) of Borrower or any Subsidiary, (b) conflict with, contravene or constitute a default under any material indenture or agreement of or affecting Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their Property, or (c) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any Property of Borrower or any Subsidiary other than the Liens granted in favor of Bank pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

34

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Section 5.4 Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock. Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Term Loans to refinance the Borrowers existing indebtedness and to fund certain fees and expenses associated with the closing of the Loans; and Borrower shall use the proceeds of Revolving Loans for its general working capital purposes and for such other general corporate purposes as are consistent with all applicable laws. Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary is engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock or in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB), and no part of the proceeds of any Loan or any other extension of credit made hereunder will be used to purchase or carry any such margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such margin stock. Margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) constitutes less than 25% of the assets of Borrower and its Subsidiaries which are subject to any limitation on sale, pledge or other restriction hereunder.

Section 5.5 Financial Reports. The consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, retained earnings and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, which financial statements are accompanied by the audit report of Moss Adams, LLP, independent public accountants, and the unaudited interim consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, retained earnings and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the 9 months then ended, heretofore furnished to Bank, fairly present the consolidated financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at said dates and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary has contingent liabilities which are material to it other than as indicated on such financial statements or, with respect to future periods, on the financial statements furnished pursuant to Section 6.5.

Section 5.6 No Material Adverse Change. Since September 30, 2024, there has been no change in the condition (financial or otherwise) or business prospects of Borrower or any Subsidiary except those occurring in the ordinary course of business, none of which individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.7 Full Disclosure. The statements and information furnished to Bank in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the commitments by Bank to provide all or part of the financing contemplated hereby do not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading, Bank acknowledging that as to any projections furnished to Bank, Borrower only represents that the same were prepared on the basis of information and estimates Borrower believed to be reasonable. The information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, as updated in accordance with Section 6.9(b), is true and correct in all respects.

Section 5.8 Trademarks, Franchises, and Licenses. Borrower and its Subsidiaries own, possess, or have the right to use all necessary patents, licenses, franchises, trademarks, trade names, trade styles, copyrights, trade secrets, know how, and confidential commercial and proprietary information to conduct their businesses as now conducted, without known conflict with

35

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

any patent, license, franchise, trademark, trade name, trade style, copyright or other proprietary right of any other Person.

Section 5.9 Governmental Authority and Licensing.Borrower and its Subsidiaries have received all licenses, permits, and approvals of all Governmental Authorities (subject to ongoing periodic renewals of the same), including any Gaming Licenses, if any, necessary to conduct their businesses, in each case except where the failure to obtain or maintain the same could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No investigation or proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened, before or by any Governmental Authority that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.10 Good Title. Borrower and its Subsidiaries have good and defensible title (or valid leasehold interests) to their assets (other than intellectual property that is licensed to the Borrower or any Subsidiary and which is not owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary) as reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries furnished to Bank (except for sales of assets in the ordinary course of business and Dispositions permitted under Section 7.4), subject to no Liens other than such thereof as are permitted by Section 7.2.

Section 5.11 Litigation and Other Controversies. There is no litigation or governmental or arbitration proceeding or labor controversy pending, nor to the knowledge of Borrower threatened, against Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their Property which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Attached hereto as Schedule 5.11 is a list of litigation and other controversies which are ongoing against the Borrower as of the date hereof.

Section 5.12 Taxes. All tax returns required to be filed by Borrower or any Subsidiary in any jurisdiction have, in fact, been filed, and all taxes, assessments, fees, and other governmental charges upon Borrower or any Subsidiary or upon any of its Property, income or franchises, which are shown to be due and payable in such returns, have been paid, except such taxes, assessments, fees and governmental charges, if any, as are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the matter under contest and as to which adequate reserves established in accordance with GAAP have been provided. Borrower does not know of any proposed additional tax assessment against it or its Subsidiaries for which adequate provisions in accordance with GAAP have not been made on their accounts. Adequate provisions in accordance with GAAP for taxes on the books of Borrower and each Subsidiary have been made for all open years, and for its current fiscal period.

Section 5.13 Approvals.

No authorization, consent, license or exemption from, or filing or registration with, any court or Governmental Authority, nor any approval or consent of any other Person, is or will be necessary to the valid execution, delivery or performance by Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Loan Document, except for (i) such approvals which have been obtained prior to the date of this Agreement and remain in full force and effect, (ii) such approvals, which the failure to obtain such approvals could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) such notice filings (not constituting or requiring consent) to Gaming Authorities of the transactions under this Agreement to be filed in the ordinary course of Borrowers business.

36

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Section 5.14 Affiliate Transactions. Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary is a party to any contracts or agreements with any of its Affiliates on terms and conditions which are less favorable to Borrower or such Subsidiary than would be usual and customary in similar contracts or agreements between Persons not affiliated with each other.

Section 5.15 Investment Company. Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Section 5.16 ERISA. Borrower and each other member of its Controlled Group has fulfilled its obligations under the minimum funding standards of and is in compliance in all material respects with ERISA and the Code to the extent applicable to it and has not incurred any liability to the PBGC or a Plan under Title IV of ERISA other than a liability to the PBGC for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA. Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary has any contingent liabilities with respect to any post-retirement benefits under a Welfare Plan, other than liability for continuation coverage described in article 6 of Title I of ERISA.

Section 5.17 Compliance with Laws.

(a) Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the requirements of all federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to or pertaining to their Property or business operations (including all applicable Gaming Laws and the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and laws and regulations establishing quality criteria and standards for air, water, land and toxic or hazardous wastes and substances), except for any such noncompliance that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Without limiting the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.17(a) above, except for such matters, individually or in the aggregate, which could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, Borrower represents and warrants that: (i) Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and each of the Premises, comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) Borrower and its Subsidiaries have obtained all governmental approvals required for their operations and each of the Premises by any applicable Environmental Law; (iii) Borrower and its Subsidiaries have not, and Borrower has no knowledge of any other Person who has, caused any Release, threatened Release or disposal of any Hazardous Material at, on, about, or off any of the Premises in any material quantity and, to the knowledge of Borrower, none of the Premises are adversely affected by any Release, threatened Release or disposal of a Hazardous Material originating or emanating from any other property; (iv) none of the Premises contain and have contained any: (1) underground storage tank, (2) material amounts of asbestos containing building material, (3) landfills or dumps, (4) hazardous waste management facility as defined pursuant to RCRA or any comparable state law, or (5) site on or nominated for the National Priority List promulgated pursuant to CERCLA or any state remedial priority list promulgated or published pursuant to any comparable state law; (v) Borrower and its Subsidiaries have not used a material quantity of any Hazardous Material and have conducted no Hazardous Material Activity at any of the Premises; (vi) Borrower and its Subsidiaries have no material liability for response or corrective action, natural resource damage or other harm pursuant to CERCLA, RCRA or any

37

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

comparable state law; (vii) Borrower and its Subsidiaries are not subject to, have no notice or knowledge of and are not required to give any notice of any Environmental Claim involving Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of the Premises, and there are no conditions or occurrences at any of the Premises which could reasonably be anticipated to form the basis for an Environmental Claim against Borrower or any Subsidiary or such Premises; (viii) none of the Premises are subject to any, and Borrower has no knowledge of any imminent restriction on the ownership, occupancy, use or transferability of the Premises in connection with any (1) Environmental Law or (2) Release, threatened Release or disposal of a Hazardous Material; and (ix) there are no conditions or circumstances at any of the Premises which pose an unreasonable risk to the environment or the health or safety of Persons.

Section 5.18 Sanctions; Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws.

(a) None of the Loan Parties, any of their Subsidiaries, any director, officer or employee of any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of Borrower, any agent or representative of any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries, is a Sanctioned Person or currently the subject or target of any Sanctions.

(b) The Loan Parties, each of their Subsidiaries, each of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries respective directors, officers and employees, and, to the knowledge of Borrower, each of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries respective agents and representatives, is in compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions.

(c) The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Loan Parties, their Subsidiaries, and the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries respective directors, officers, employees and agents with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions.

Section 5.19 Other Agreements. Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary is in default under the terms of any covenant, indenture or agreement of or affecting such Person or any of its Property, except for any such default that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.20 Solvency. Borrower and its Subsidiaries are solvent, able to pay their debts as they become due, and have sufficient capital to carry on their business and all businesses in which they are about to engage.

Section 5.21 No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

Section 5.22 No Broker Fees. No brokers or finders fee or commission will be payable with respect hereto or any of the transactions contemplated hereby; and Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify Bank against, and agree that they will hold Bank harmless from, any claim, demand, or liability for any such brokers or finders fees alleged to have been incurred in connection herewith or therewith and any expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising in connection with any such claim, demand, or liability.

38

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

SECTION 6. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS.

So long as all or any portion of the Commitments remains outstanding or any Obligations hereunder remain outstanding, Borrower agrees that:

Section 6.1 Maintenance of Business. Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, preserve and maintain its existence. Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, preserve and keep in force and effect all licenses (including all Gaming Licenses), permits, franchises, approvals, patents, trademarks, trade names, trade styles, copyrights, and other proprietary rights necessary to the proper conduct of its business, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.2 Maintenance of Properties. Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, maintain, preserve, and keep its property, plant, and equipment in good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted), and shall from time to time make all needful and proper repairs, renewals, replacements, additions, and betterments thereto so that at all times the efficiency thereof shall be fully preserved and maintained, in each case except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.3 Taxes and Assessments.

Borrower shall duly pay and discharge, and shall cause each Subsidiary to duly pay and discharge, all taxes, rates, assessments, fees, and governmental charges upon or against it or its Property, in each case before the same become delinquent and before penalties accrue thereon, unless and to the extent that (i) the same are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the matter under contest and adequate reserves are provided therefor, or (ii) the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.4 Insurance. Borrower shall insure and keep insured, and shall cause each Subsidiary to insure and keep insured, with good and responsible insurance companies, all insurable Property owned by it which is of a character usually insured by Persons similarly situated and operating like Properties against loss or damage from such hazards and risks (including flood insurance with respect to any improvements on real Property consisting of building or parking facilities in an area designated by a governmental body as having special flood hazards), and in such amounts, as are insured by Persons similarly situated and operating like Properties, but in no event at any time in an amount less than the replacement value of the Collateral. Borrower shall also maintain, and shall cause each Subsidiary to maintain, insurance with respect to the business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, covering commercial general liability, statutory workers compensation and occupational disease, statutory structural work act liability, and business interruption and such other risks with good and responsible insurance companies, in such amounts and on such terms as Bank shall reasonably request, but in any event as and to the extent usually insured by Persons similarly situated and conducting similar businesses. Borrower shall in any event maintain insurance on the Collateral to the extent required by the Collateral Documents. All such policies of insurance shall contain satisfactory lenders loss payable endorsements, naming Bank as a loss payee, assignee or additional insured, as appropriate, as its interest may appear, and showing only such other loss payees, assignees and additional insureds as are satisfactory to Bank.

39

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Each policy of insurance or endorsement shall contain a clause requiring the insurer to give not less than 30 days' prior written notice to Bank in the event of cancellation of the policy for any reason whatsoever and a clause specifying that the interest of Bank shall not be impaired or invalidated by any act or neglect of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or the owner of the premises or Property or by the occupation of the premises for purposes more hazardous than are permitted by said policy. Borrower shall deliver to Bank (a) on the date of this Agreement, and at such other times as Bank shall reasonably request, certificates evidencing the maintenance of insurance required hereunder, (b) prior to the termination of any such policies, certificates evidencing the renewal thereof, and (c) promptly following request by Bank, copies of all insurance policies of Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Borrower also agrees to deliver to Bank, promptly as rendered, true copies of all reports made in any reporting forms to insurance companies.

Section 6.5 Financial Reports. Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, maintain a standard system of accounting in accordance with GAAP and shall furnish to Bank and its duly authorized representatives such information respecting the business and financial condition of Borrower and each Subsidiary as Bank may reasonably request; and without any request, shall furnish to Bank:

(a) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 45 days after the last day of each fiscal quarter of Borrower, including the fiscal quarter ending on the last day of the fiscal year of Borrower, a copy of the consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such period and the consolidated and consolidating statements of income, retained earnings, and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and the fiscal year-to-date period then ended, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year, prepared by Borrower in accordance with GAAP and certified to by its chief financial officer or such other officer acceptable to Bank;

(b) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 90 days after the last day of each fiscal year of Borrower, a copy of the consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such period and the consolidated and consolidating statements of income, retained earnings, and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, and accompanying notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by an unqualified opinion thereon of Moss Adams, LLP or another firm of independent public accountants of recognized national standing, selected by Borrower and satisfactory to Bank, to the effect that the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the results of their operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended and that an examination of such accounts in connection with such financial statements has been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and, accordingly, such examination included such tests of the accounting records and such other auditing procedures as were considered necessary in the circumstances;

(c) with each of the financial statements delivered pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) above, a written certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C signed by the chief financial officer of Borrower or another officer of Borrower acceptable to Bank to the effect that to the best

40

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

of such officers knowledge and belief no Default or Event of Default has occurred during the period covered by such statements or, if any such Default or Event of Default has occurred during such period, setting forth a description of such Default or Event of Default and specifying the action, if any, taken by Borrower or any Subsidiary to remedy the same. Such certificate shall also set forth the calculations supporting such statements in respect of Section 7.12 (Financial Covenants).

(d) with each of the financial statements delivered pursuant to subsection (b) above, the written statement of the accountants who certified the audit report thereby required that in the course of their audit they have obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default, or, if such accountants have obtained knowledge of any such Default or Event of Default, they shall disclose in such statement the nature and period of the existence thereof;

(e) as soon as available, and in any event no later than 30 days after the last day of each fiscal year of Borrower, a copy of Borrowers consolidated and consolidating business plan for the following fiscal year, such business plan to show Borrowers projected consolidated and consolidating revenues, expenses and balance sheet on a quarter by quarter/month by month basis, such business plan to be in reasonable detail prepared by Borrower and in form satisfactory to Bank (which shall include a summary of all assumptions made in preparing such business plan);

(f) promptly after receipt thereof, any additional written reports, management letters or other detailed information contained in writing concerning significant aspects of Borrowers or any Subsidiarys operations and financial affairs given to it by its independent public accountants;

(g) promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of each financial statement, report, notice or proxy statement sent by Borrower or any Subsidiary to its stockholders or other equity holders, and copies of each regular, periodic or special report, registration statement or prospectus (including all Form 10 K, Form 10 Q and Form 8 K reports) filed by Borrower or any Subsidiary with any securities exchange or the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor agency;

(h) promptly after receipt thereof, a copy of each audit made by any regulatory agency, including any Gaming Authority, of the books and records of Borrower or any Gaming Subsidiary or of notice of any material noncompliance with any applicable law, regulation or guideline relating to Borrower or any Gaming Subsidiary, or its business; and

(i) promptly after knowledge thereof shall have come to the attention of any responsible officer of Borrower, written notice of (i) any threatened in writing or pending litigation or governmental or arbitration proceeding or labor controversy against Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their Property which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder.

Section 6.6 Inspection. Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, permit Bank and its duly authorized representatives and agents to visit and inspect any of its Property, corporate books, and financial records, to examine and make copies of its books of accounts and other financial records, and to discuss its affairs, finances, and accounts with, and to be advised as to the same by, its officers, employees and independent public accountants (and by this provision

41

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Borrower hereby authorizes such accountants to discuss with Bank the finances and affairs of Borrower and its Subsidiaries) at such reasonable times and intervals as Bank may designate.

Section 6.7 ERISA. Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, promptly pay and discharge all obligations and liabilities arising under ERISA of a character which if unpaid or unperformed could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien against any of its Property. Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, promptly notify Bank of: (a) the occurrence of any reportable event (as defined in ERISA) with respect to a Plan, (b) receipt of any notice from the PBGC of its intention to seek termination of any Plan or appointment of a trustee therefor, (c) its intention to terminate or withdraw from any Plan, and (d) the occurrence of any event with respect to any Plan which would result in the incurrence by Borrower or any Subsidiary of any material liability, fine or penalty, or any material increase in the contingent liability of Borrower or any Subsidiary with respect to any post-retirement Welfare Plan benefit.

Section 6.8 Compliance with Laws.

(a) Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, comply in all respects with the requirements of all federal, state, and local laws, rules, regulations, ordinances and formal orders applicable to or pertaining to its Property or business operations, including any applicable Gaming Laws, except where any such non- compliance, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a Lien upon any of its Property.

(b) Without limiting the agreements set forth in Section 6.8(a) above, Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, at all times, do the following to the extent the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) comply in all material respects with, and maintain each of the Premises in compliance in all material respects with, all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) require that each tenant and subtenant, if any, of any of the Premises or any part thereof comply in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws; (iii) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all material governmental approvals required by any applicable Environmental Law for operations at each of the Premises; (iv) cure any material violation by it or at any of the Premises of applicable Environmental Laws; (v) not allow the presence or operation at any of the Premises of any (1) landfill or dump or (2) hazardous waste management facility or solid waste disposal facility as defined pursuant to RCRA or any comparable state law; (vi) not manufacture, use, generate, transport, treat, store, release, dispose or handle any Hazardous Material at any of the Premises except in the ordinary course of its business and in de minimis amounts; (vii) within ten (10) Business Days notify Bank in writing of and provide any reasonably requested documents upon learning of any of the following in connection with Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of the Premises: (1) any material liability for response or corrective action, natural resource damage or other harm pursuant to CERCLA, RCRA or any comparable state law; (2) any material Environmental Claim; (3) any material violation of an Environmental Law or material Release, threatened Release or disposal of a Hazardous Material; (4) any restriction on the ownership, occupancy, use or transferability arising pursuant to any (x) Release, threatened Release or disposal of a Hazardous Material or (y) Environmental Law; or (5) any environmental, natural resource, health or safety condition, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (viii) conduct at its expense any investigation, study, sampling, testing, abatement,

42

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

cleanup, removal, remediation or other response action necessary to remove, remediate, clean up or abate any material Release, threatened Release or disposal of a Hazardous Material as required by any applicable Environmental Law, (ix) abide by and observe any restrictions on the use of the Premises imposed by any Governmental Authority as set forth in a deed or other instrument affecting Borrowers or any Subsidiarys interest therein; (x) promptly provide or otherwise make available to Bank any reasonably requested environmental record concerning the Premises which Borrower or any Subsidiary possesses or can reasonably obtain; and (xi) perform, satisfy, and implement any operation or maintenance actions required by any Governmental Authority or Environmental Law, or included in any no further action letter or covenant not to sue issued by any Governmental Authority under any Environmental Law.

Section 6.9 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions.

(a) Borrower shall at all times comply with the requirements of all Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions applicable to Borrower and shall cause each other Loan Party and each of its and their respective Subsidiaries to comply with the requirements of all Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions applicable to such Persons.

(b) Borrower shall provide Bank (i) any information regarding Borrower, each other Loan Party, and each of their respective owners, Affiliates, and Subsidiaries necessary for Bank to comply with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions; subject however, in the case of Affiliates, to Borrowers ability to provide information applicable to them and (ii) without limiting the foregoing, notification of any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified therein.

(c) Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Loan Parties and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti Money-Laundering Laws and Sanctions.

Section 6.10 Formation of Subsidiaries. Promptly upon the formation or acquisition of any Subsidiary, Borrower shall provide Bank notice thereof and timely comply with the requirements of Section 6.12 (at which time Schedule 5.2 shall be deemed amended to include reference to such Subsidiary). Except for Foreign Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 5.2, Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, form or acquire any Foreign Subsidiary.

Section 6.11 Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock. Borrower shall use the credit extended under this Agreement solely for the purposes set forth in, or otherwise permitted by, Section 5.4. Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock or in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB), and no part of the proceeds of any Loan or any other extension of credit made hereunder

43

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

will be used to purchase or carry any such margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such margin stock.

Section 6.12 Guaranties and Collateral.

(a) Guaranties. The payment and performance of the Obligations shall at all times be guaranteed by each direct and indirect Domestic Subsidiary of Borrower pursuant to one or more guaranty agreements in form and substance acceptable to Bank (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time individually a Guaranty and collectively the Guaranties and each such Subsidiary executing and delivering a Guaranty being referred to herein as a Guarantor and collectively the Guarantors);provided, however, upon completion of, and as a condition to the Banks consent and approval to, the Evolution Acquisition, the Borrower shall cause Galaxy Gaming Holdco LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Evolution Malta Holding Ltd., to execute a guaranty agreement in favor of the Bank, which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank;

(b) Collateral. The Obligations shall be secured by valid, perfected, and enforceable Liens on all right, title, and interest of Borrower and each Subsidiary in all of their accounts, chattel paper, instruments, documents, general intangibles, letter of credit rights, supporting obligations, deposit accounts, investment property, inventory, equipment, fixtures, commercial tort claims, real estate and certain other Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds thereof. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Liens on the Collateral shall be valid and perfected first priority Liens, in each case pursuant to one or more Collateral Documents from such Persons, each in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.

(c) Reserved.

(d) Further Assurances. Borrower agrees that it shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, from time to time at the request of Bank, execute and deliver such documents and do such acts and things as Bank may reasonably request in order to provide for or perfect or protect Banks Liens on the Collateral.

Section 6.13 Maintenance of Accounts. Borrower agrees that it shall, within 120 days of the Closing Date and during the remaining term of this Agreement maintain (a) no less than fifty percent (50%) of the Borrowers primary depository accounts and treasury services related to Borrowers collection and disbursement accounts at Bank or its Affiliates and (b) primary commercial card program at Bank or its Affiliates.

Section 6.14 Post-Closing Covenants. Notwithstanding the conditions precedent in Section 4 above, Borrower shall satisfy the requirements and/or provide to Bank each of the documents, instruments, agreements and information set forth on Schedule 6.14, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Bank, on or before the date specified for such requirement on Schedule 6.14 or such later date to be determined by Bank in its reasonable discretion.

44

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

SECTION 7. NEGATIVE COVENANTS.

So long as all or any portion of the Commitments remains outstanding or any Obligations hereunder remain outstanding, Borrower agrees that:

Section 7.1 Borrowings and Guaranties. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, issue, incur, assume, create or have outstanding any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, or incur liabilities for interest rate, currency, or commodity cap, collar, swap, or similar hedging arrangements, or be or become liable as endorser, guarantor, surety or otherwise for any debt, obligation or undertaking of any other Person, or otherwise agree to provide funds for payment of the obligations of another, or supply funds thereto or invest therein or otherwise assure a creditor of another against loss, or apply for or become liable to the issuer of a letter of credit which supports an obligation of another, or subordinate any claim or demand it may have to the claim or demand of any other Person; provided that the foregoing shall not restrict nor operate to prevent:

(a) the Obligations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries owing to Bank under the Loan Documents and other indebtedness and obligations of such Persons owing to Bank;

(b) purchase money indebtedness and Capitalized Lease Obligations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an amount not to exceed $500,000.00 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding;

(c) obligations of Borrower or any Subsidiary arising out of interest rate, foreign currency, and commodity hedging agreements entered into with financial institutions in connection with bona fide hedging activities in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(d) endorsement of items for deposit or collection of commercial paper received in the ordinary course of business;

(e) indebtedness of Borrower in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000.00 with respect to the financing of the Loan Parties liability insurance for its directors and officers; and

(f) unsecured indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted by this Section in an amount not to exceed $500,000.00 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding.

Section 7.2 Liens. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur or permit to exist any Lien of any kind on any Property owned by any such Person; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent:

(a) Liens arising by statute in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance, old age benefits, social security obligations, taxes, assessments, statutory obligations or other similar charges (other than Liens arising under ERISA), good faith cash deposits in connection with tenders, contracts or leases to which Borrower or any Subsidiary is a party or other cash deposits required to be made in the ordinary course of business; provided in each case that the obligation is not for borrowed money and that the obligation secured is not overdue or, if

45

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

overdue, is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the matter under contest and adequate reserves have been established therefor;

(b) mechanics, workmens, materialmens, landlords, carriers or other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to obligations which are not due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the matter under contest;

(c) judgment liens and judicial attachment liens not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.1(g) and the pledge of assets for the purpose of securing an appeal, stay or discharge in the course of any legal proceeding;

(d) Liens on equipment of Borrower or any Subsidiary created solely for the purpose of securing indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1(b), representing or incurred to finance the purchase price of such Property; provided that no such Lien shall extend to or cover other Property of Borrower or such Subsidiary other than the respective Property so acquired, and the principal amount of indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall at no time exceed the purchase price of such Property, as reduced by repayments of principal thereon;

(e) any interest or title of a lessor under any operating lease;

(f) easements, rights of way, restrictions, and other similar encumbrances against real property incurred in the ordinary course of business which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and which do not materially detract from the value of the Property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of Borrower or any Subsidiary; and

(g) Liens granted in favor of Bank or any Affiliate of Bank pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

Section 7.3 Investments, Acquisitions, Loans and Advances. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, make, retain or have outstanding any investments (whether through purchase of stock or obligations or otherwise) in, or loans or advances to (other than for travel advances and other similar cash advances made to employees in the ordinary course of business), any other Person, or acquire all or any substantial part of the assets or business of any other Person or division thereof; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent:

(a) investments in direct obligations of the United States of America or of any agency or instrumentality thereof whose obligations constitute full faith and credit obligations of the United States of America, provided that any such obligations shall mature within one year of the date of issuance thereof;

(b) investments in commercial paper rated at least P-1 by Moodys and at least A-1 by S&P maturing within one year of the date of issuance thereof;

(c) investments in certificates of deposit issued by Bank or by any United States commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000 which have a maturity of one year or less;

46

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(d) investments in repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 7 days for underlying securities of the types described in subsection (a) above entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in subsection (c) above, provided all such agreements require physical delivery of the securities securing such repurchase agreement, except those delivered through the Federal Reserve Book Entry System;

(e) investments in money market funds that invest solely, and which are restricted by their respective charters to invest solely, in investments of the type described in the immediately preceding subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) above;

(f) Borrowers investment existing on the date of this Agreement in its Subsidiaries or Borrowers investments from time to time in its Subsidiaries, and investments made from time to time by a Subsidiary in one or more of its Subsidiaries;

(g) intercompany advances made from time to time from Borrower to any one or more Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; and

(h) other investments, loans, and advances in addition to those otherwise permitted by this Section in an amount not to exceed $500,000.00 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding.

In determining the amount of investments, acquisitions, loans, and advances permitted under this Section, investments and acquisitions shall always be taken at the original cost thereof (regardless of any subsequent appreciation or depreciation therein), and loans and advances shall be taken at the principal amount thereof then remaining unpaid.

Section 7.4 Mergers, Consolidations, Divisions and Sales. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, be a party to any merger, consolidation or division, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or any part of its Property, including any disposition of Property as part of a sale and leaseback transaction, or in any event sell or discount (with or without recourse) any of its notes or accounts receivable; provided that this Section shall not apply to nor operate to prevent:

(a) the sale or lease of inventory in the ordinary course of business;

(b) the sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of Property of Borrower and its Subsidiaries to one another in the ordinary course of its business;

(c) the merger of any Subsidiary with and into Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of any merger involving Borrower, Borrower is the corporation surviving the merger;

(d) the sale, transfer or other disposition of any tangible personal property that, in the reasonable business judgment of Borrower or its Subsidiary, has become obsolete or worn out, and which is disposed of in the ordinary course of business;

(e) the sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of Property of Borrower or any Subsidiary (including any disposition of Property as part of a sale and leaseback transaction)

47

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

aggregating for Borrower and its Subsidiaries not more than $500,000.00 during any fiscal year of Borrower; and

(f) the abandonment of ownership of, or rights incident to, intellectual property (whether owned or licensed) in the ordinary course of business; and

(g) the Evolution Acquisition.

Section 7.5 Maintenance of Subsidiaries. Borrower shall not assign, sell or transfer, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to issue, assign, sell or transfer, any shares of capital stock or other equity interests of a Subsidiary; provided that the foregoing shall not operate to prevent (a) Liens on the capital stock or other equity interests of Subsidiaries granted to Bank pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (b) the issuance, sale, and transfer to any person of any shares of capital stock of a Subsidiary solely for the purpose of qualifying, and to the extent legally necessary to qualify, such person as a director of such Subsidiary, and (c) any transaction permitted by Section 7.4(c) above.

Section 7.6 Dividends and Certain Other Restricted Payments. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, (a) declare or pay any dividends on or make any other distributions in respect of any class or series of its capital stock or other equity interests (other than dividends or distributions payable solely in its capital stock or other equity interests), or (b) directly or indirectly purchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire or retire any of its capital stock or other equity interests or any warrants, options, or similar instruments to acquire the same; provided that the foregoing shall not operate to prevent the making of dividends or distributions by any Subsidiary to Borrower.

Section 7.7 Burdensome Contracts With Affiliates. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any contract, agreement or business arrangement with any of its Affiliates on terms and conditions which are less favorable to Borrower or such Subsidiary than would be usual and customary in similar contracts, agreements or business arrangements between Persons not affiliated with each other.

Section 7.8 No Changes in Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of Borrower and its Subsidiaries ends on December 31 of each year; and Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, change its fiscal year from its present basis.

Section 7.9 Change in the Nature of Business. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, engage in any business or activity if as a result the general nature of the business of Borrower or any Subsidiary would be changed in any material respect from the general nature of the business engaged in by it as of the Closing Date.

Section 7.10 No Restrictions. Except pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of Borrower or any Subsidiary to: (a) pay dividends or make any other distribution on any Subsidiarys capital stock or other equity interests owned by Borrower or any other Subsidiary, (b) pay any indebtedness owed to Borrower or any other Subsidiary, (c) make loans or advances to Borrower or any other Subsidiary, (d) transfer any of its Property to Borrower

48

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

or any other Subsidiary, or (e) guarantee the Obligations and/or grant Liens on its assets to Bank as required by the Loan Documents.

Section 7.11 Subordinated Debt. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, (a) amend or modify any of the terms or conditions relating to Subordinated Debt, (b) make any voluntary prepayment of Subordinated Debt or effect any voluntary redemption thereof, or (c) make any payment on account of Subordinated Debt which is prohibited under the terms of any instrument or agreement subordinating the same to the Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower may agree to a decrease in the interest rate applicable thereto or to a deferral of repayment of any of the principal of or interest on the Subordinated Debt beyond the current due dates therefor.

Section 7.12 Financial Covenants.

(a) Total Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio. As of the last day of each fiscal quarter of Borrower ending during the relevant period set forth below, Borrower shall not permit the Total Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio to be greater than the corresponding ratio set forth opposite such period:

Period(s) Ending 

Total Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio shall not be greater than:

Fiscal quarter ending on or about 12/31/24 

4.0 to 1.0

Fiscal quarters ending on or about 3/31/25 - 6/30/25

3.50 to 1.0

Fiscal quarters ending on or about 9/30/25 - 12/31/25 

3.25 to 1.0

Fiscal quarters ending on or about 3/31/26 and at all times thereafter 

3.00 to 1.0

(b) Minimum EBITDA. As of the last day of each fiscal quarter of Borrower ending during the relevant period set forth below, Borrower shall not permit the EBITDA to be less than the corresponding ratio set forth opposite such period:

Period(s) Ending 

Total EBITDA shall not be less than:

Fiscal quarters ending on or about 12/31/24 and at all times thereafter 

$11,000,000.00

(c) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. As of the last day of each fiscal quarter of Borrower ending during the relevant period set forth below, Borrower shall maintain a ratio (the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) of (i) EBITDA of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the four fiscal quarters then ended, less (A) capital expenditures made by Borrower and its Subsidiaries during

49

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

such period that are not financed with proceeds of Indebtedness (other than Revolving Loans), (B) cash taxes, and (C) dividends, distributions, redemptions and repurchases paid to holders of Capital Stock of such Person during such period and (D) federal, state, and local income taxes paid or payable by such Person during such period, to (ii) Fixed Charges of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the same four fiscal quarters then ended of not less than:

Period(s) Ending 

Ratio shall not be less than:

Fiscal quarters ending on or about 12/31/24 and at all times thereafter 

1.10 to 1.0

(d) Capital Expenditures. Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, incur Capital Expenditures in an amount in excess of seven and one half of one percent (7.5%) of the prior years net revenues per annum.

Section 7.13 Use of Proceeds. Borrower will not request any Loan, and Borrower shall not use, and shall ensure that its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents not use, the proceeds of any Loan, directly or indirectly, (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) to fund, finance or facilitate any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Designated Jurisdiction, or (iii) in any other manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.

SECTION 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES.

Section 8.1 Events of Default. Any one or more of the following shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder:

(a) default in the payment when due of all or any part of any Obligation payable by Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether at the stated maturity thereof or at any other time provided for in this Agreement), or default shall occur in the payment when due of any other indebtedness or obligation (whether direct, contingent or otherwise) of Borrower owing to Bank;

(b) default in the observance or performance of any covenant set forth in Sections 6.1, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6, 6.9, 6.11, or 7 or of any provision in any Loan Document dealing with the use, disposition or remittance of the proceeds of Collateral or requiring the maintenance of insurance thereon; provided, that, the Borrowers failure to provide any financial statement required to be furnished pursuant to Section 6.5(a) or 6.5(b) and any disclosures required to be furnished under Section 6.5(g) shall not trigger a default hereunder if, by the date Borrower is required to furnish such statement or disclosure, the Bank has received notice (for the avoidance of doubt, notice to the Banks email address set forth in Section 9.5 is sufficient for the purposes of this proviso) that the Borrower has filed such financial statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is available on the EDGAR website on the Internet at www.sec.gov or any successor government website that is freely and readily available to the Bank without charge.

50

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

(c) default in the observance or performance of any other provision hereof or of any other Loan Document which is not remedied within 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any officer of Borrower or (ii) written notice thereof is given to Borrower by Bank;

(d) any representation or warranty made herein or in any other Loan Document or in any certificate furnished to Bank pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby proves untrue in any respect (or in any material respect if such representation, warranty, certification or statement is not by its terms already qualified as to materiality) as of the date of the issuance or making or deemed making thereof;

(e) any event occurs or condition exists (other than those described in subsections (a) through (d) above) which is specified as an event of default under any of the other Loan Documents, or any of the Loan Documents shall for any reason not be or shall cease to be in full force and effect or is declared to be null and void, or any of the Collateral Documents shall for any reason fail to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien in favor of Bank in any Collateral purported to be covered thereby except as expressly permitted by the terms thereof, or any Subsidiary takes any action for the purpose of terminating, repudiating or rescinding any Loan Document executed by it or any of its obligations thereunder;

(f) default shall occur under any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money issued, assumed or guaranteed by Borrower or any Subsidiary aggregating in excess of $500,000.00, or under any indenture, agreement or other instrument under which the same may be issued, and such default shall continue for a period of time sufficient to permit the acceleration of the maturity of any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (whether or not such maturity is in fact accelerated), or any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money shall not be paid when due (whether by demand, lapse of time, acceleration or otherwise);

(g) any judgment or judgments, writ or writs or warrant or warrants of attachment, or any similar process or processes, shall be entered or filed against Borrower or any Subsidiary, or against any of its Property, in an aggregate amount in excess of $500,000.00 (except to the extent fully covered by insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment and has not denied coverage), and which remains undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 30 days;

(h) Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any member of its Controlled Group, shall fail to pay when due an amount or amounts aggregating in excess of $500,000.00 which it shall have become liable to pay to the PBGC or to a Plan under Title IV of ERISA; or notice of intent to terminate a Plan or Plans having aggregate Unfunded Vested Liabilities in excess of $500,000.00 (collectively, a Material Plan) shall be filed under Title IV of ERISA by Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any other member of its Controlled Group, any plan administrator or any combination of the foregoing; or the PBGC shall institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate or to cause a trustee to be appointed to administer any Material Plan or a proceeding shall be instituted by a fiduciary of any Material Plan against Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any member of its Controlled Group, to enforce Section 515 or 4219(c)(5) of ERISA and such proceeding shall not have been dismissed within 30 days thereafter; or a condition shall exist by

51

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

reason of which the PBGC would be entitled to obtain a decree adjudicating that any Material Plan must be terminated;

(i) any Change of Control unrelated to the Evolution Acquisition shall occur;

(j) Borrower or any Subsidiary shall (i) have entered involuntarily against it an order for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended, (ii) not pay, or admit in writing its inability to pay, its debts generally as they become due, (iii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) apply for, seek, consent to or acquiesce in, the appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or any substantial part of its Property, (v) institute any proceeding seeking to have entered against it an order for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended, to adjudicate it insolvent, or seeking dissolution, winding up, liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or fail to file an answer or other pleading denying the material allegations of any such proceeding filed against it, (vi) take any corporate action in furtherance of any matter described in parts (i) through (v) above, or (vii) fail to contest in good faith any appointment or proceeding described in Section 8.1(k);

(k) a custodian, receiver, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official shall be appointed for Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any substantial part of any of its Property, or a proceeding described in Section 8.1(j)(v) shall be instituted against Borrower or any Subsidiary, and such appointment continues undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days;

(l) (i) the Borrower withdraws with prejudice its application for a Gaming License or is denied a Gaming License by the Nevada Gaming Authorities; (ii) (A) the Borrower shall be granted by the Nevada Gaming Authorities a Gaming License that is subject to certain conditions, restrictions, or limitations determined by the Bank in its discretion to be unduly burdensome (such Gaming License, a Conditional Gaming License), and (B) the Borrower (I) fails to comply with such conditions, restrictions, or limitations with respect to such Conditional Gaming License, or (II) upon request of the Bank, fails to provide evidence to the Bank, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank, that the Borrower has complied and is continuing to comply with such conditions, restrictions, or limitations with respect such Conditional Gaming License; or (ii)(A) the Borrower shall be denied a Gaming License by the California Gaming Authorities, and (B) within twelve (12) months of such denial of a Gaming License by the California Gaming Authorities, the Gaming Authorities for such jurisdiction in which there exist contracts that either singularly or in total represent ten percent (10%) or greater of the Borrowers gross revenue, determined in accordance with the most recent financial statements delivered to the Bank under the terms of this Agreement, shall revoke or fail to renew such applicable Gaming Licenses with respect to such jurisdictions or any other jurisdictions in which the Borrower or any Gaming Subsidiary operates or conducts business.

Borrower and each Guarantor and Subsidiary (each a Credit Party and collectively the Credit Parties) each agrees that, upon the occurrence and the continuance of an Event of Default and at the Banks request, it will cause each of the Credit Parties to cooperate with the Bank with respect to the filing of applications of approval of, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts

52

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

to take all other and further actions required by the bank to assist the bank with obtaining any and all such Gaming Licenses and such other approvals or consents as any of the Gaming Authorities and any other Governmental Authorities with jurisdiction, as are necessary for the bank to operate the business of the Borrower or such other Credit Party or to acquire an interest in any Person holding any such Gaming License pursuant to applicable Gaming Laws. To enforce the provisions of this section, where permitted by relevant Gaming Laws, the Bank is empowered to request the appointment of a receiver from any court of competent jurisdiction. Such receiver shall be instructed to seek from the applicable Gaming Authority and any other Governmental Authorities with jurisdiction, authorization pursuant to the Gaming Laws to continue the operation of the business of any such Credit Party under all necessary Gaming Licenses for the purpose of seeking a bona fide purchaser of the business of such Credit Party. Each Credit Party hereby agrees to authorize such an authorization pursuant to the Gaming Laws to continue the operation of the business of such Credit Party upon the request of a receiver so appointed and, if such Credit Party shall refuse to authorize the transfer, its approval may be required by the court. Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, each Credit Party shall further use commercially reasonable efforts to assist in obtaining approval of the applicable Gaming Authority and any other Governmental Authorities with jurisdiction, if required, for any action or transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, including but not limited to, the preparation, execution, and filing with the applicable Gaming Authority and any other Governmental Authorities with jurisdiction, of any application or applications for authorization pursuant to Gaming Laws for the receiver to continue the operation of the business of any Credit Party under any Gaming License or transfer of control necessary or appropriate under the applicable Gaming Laws for approval of the transfer or assignment of any portion of the Collateral. Each Credit Party acknowledges that the authorization pursuant to the Gaming Laws for a receiver to continue such Credit Partys business operations under a Gaming License or for a transfer of control is integral to the Banks realization of the value of the Collateral, that there is no adequate remedy at low for failure by such Credit Party to comply with the provisions of this section and that such failure would not be adequately compensable in damages, and therefore agree that the agreements contained in this section may be specifically enforced.

Bank and each of the Credit Parties acknowledge that all rights, remedies, and powers provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be exercised only to the extent that the exercise thereof does not violate any applicable mandatory provisions of any Gaming Laws, and all provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of the Gaming Laws and to be limited solely to the extent necessary to not render the provisions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part. The Bank will timely apply for and receive all required approvals of the applicable Gaming Authority for the sale or other disposition of any gaming products, gaming devices, associated equipment or other gaming equipment and associated gaming equipment consisting of slot machines, gaming tables, cards, dice, gaming chips, player tracking systems, and all other gaming devices (as such term or words of like import referring thereto are defined in the Gaming Laws), and associated equipment (as such term or words of like import referring thereto are defined in the Gaming Laws).

53

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Any Event of Default occurring hereunder shall be deemed to exist and be continuing until waived by the Bank, notwithstanding any actual or purported remedy or cure of the actions, facts, circumstances or conditions giving rise to such Event of Default.

Section 8.2 Non Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of Default (other than those described in Section 8.1(j) or (k) with respect to Borrower) has occurred and is continuing, Bank may, by written notice to Borrower: (a) terminate the remaining Commitments and all other obligations of Bank hereunder on the date stated in such notice (which may be the date thereof); and (b) declare the principal of and the accrued interest on all outstanding Loans to be forthwith due and payable and thereupon all outstanding Loans, including both principal and interest thereon, shall be and become immediately due and payable together with all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents without further demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind.

Section 8.3 Bankruptcy Defaults. When any Event of Default described in Section 8.1(j) or (k) with respect to Borrower has occurred and is continuing, then all outstanding Loans together with all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents shall immediately become due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, the obligation of Bank to extend further credit pursuant to any of the terms hereof shall immediately terminate, Borrower acknowledging and agreeing that Bank would not have an adequate remedy at law for failure by Borrower to honor any such demand and that Bank shall have the right to require Borrower to specifically perform such undertaking whether or not any draws or other demands for payment have been made under any of the Loans.

SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS.

Section 9.1 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No delay or failure on the part of Bank in the exercise of any power or right under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof or as an acquiescence in any default, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or right. The rights and remedies hereunder of Bank are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies which Bank would otherwise have.

Section 9.2 Non-Business Days. If any payment hereunder becomes due and payable on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date of such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day on which date such payment shall be due and payable. In the case of any payment of principal falling due on a day which is not a Business Day, interest on such principal amount shall continue to accrue during such extension at the rate per annum then in effect, which accrued amount shall be due and payable on the next scheduled date for the payment of interest.

Section 9.3 Survival of Representations. All representations and warranties made herein or in any other Loan Document or in certificates given pursuant hereto or thereto shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall continue in full force and effect with respect to the date as of which they were made as long as any credit is in use or available hereunder.

54

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Section 9.4 Survival of Indemnity and Certain Other Provisions. All indemnity provisions and other provisions relative to reimbursement to Bank of amounts sufficient to protect the yield of Bank with respect to the Loans, including, but not limited to, Sections 3.3, 3.6, and 9.10, shall survive the payment and satisfaction of all Obligations and the termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall remain in force beyond the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and payment or satisfaction in full of any single claim thereunder. All such indemnity and other provisions shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of Borrower and shall inure to the benefit of each applicable Indemnitee and its successors and assigns.

Section 9.5 Notices. Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall be in writing (including notice by telecopy) and shall be given to the relevant party at its address or telecopier number set forth below, or such other address or telecopier number as such party may hereafter specify by notice to the other given by courier, by United States certified or registered mail, by telecopy or by other telecommunication device capable of creating a written record of such notice and its receipt. Notices under the Loan Documents shall be addressed:

to Borrower:

Galaxy Gaming, Inc.

6480 Cameron Street, Suite 305

Las Vegas, NV 89118

Attention: Steve Kopjo, CFO

Telephone: (702) 727-8886 

to Bank:

BMO Bank N.A.

320 South Canal Street

Chicago, Illinois 60606

Attention: Mark R. Motuelle

Telephone: (312) 405-3423

Email: Mark.Motuelle@bmo.com

Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecopier, when such telecopy is transmitted to the telecopier number specified in this Section and a confirmation of such telecopy has been received by the sender, (ii) if given by mail, 5 days after such communication is deposited in the mail, certified or registered with return receipt requested, addressed as aforesaid or (iii) if given by any other means, when delivered at the addresses specified in this Section; provided that any notice given pursuant to Section 2 shall be effective only upon receipt.

Section 9.6 Counterparts; Digital Copies.

This Agreement, any Loan Document, any assignment and acceptance and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and Bank agrees that any Electronic Signature of such Person on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and

55

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Bank may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person's business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Bank is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by Bank pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent Bank has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, Bank shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without further verification and (b) upon the request of Bank, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart.

Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Communication based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Communication, and (ii) waives any claim against Bank and its Related Parties for any liabilities arising solely from Banks reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.

Section 9.7 Successors and Assigns. Subject to Section 3.9 above, this Agreement shall be binding upon Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of Bank and its successors and assigns, including any subsequent holder of any of the Obligations. Borrower may not assign any of its rights or obligations under any Loan Document without the written consent of Bank.

Section 9.8 Amendments, etc. Except as provided in Section 2.14, no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any other Loan Document, nor consent to any departure by Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Borrower and Bank. No notice to or demand on Borrower in any case shall entitle Borrower to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.

Section 9.9 Headings. Article and Section headings used in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement.

Section 9.10 Costs and Expenses; Indemnification.

(a) Borrower agrees to pay all costs and expenses of Bank in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery, and administration of the Loan Documents, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to Bank, in connection with the

56

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

preparation and execution of the Loan Documents and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and any amendment, waiver or consent related thereto, whether or not the transactions contemplated herein are consummated, together with any fees and charges suffered or incurred by Bank in connection with periodic environmental audits, fixed asset appraisals, title insurance policies, collateral filing fees and lien searches. Borrower agrees to pay to Bank all costs and expenses incurred or paid by Bank, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements and court costs, in connection with any Default or Event of Default hereunder or in connection with the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred in connection with any proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code involving Borrower or any Subsidiary as a debtor thereunder). Borrower further agrees to indemnify Bank, and any security trustee therefor, their respective Affiliates, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors, and consultants (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against all losses, claims, damages, penalties, judgments, liabilities and expenses (including all reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for any such Indemnitee and all reasonable expenses of litigation or preparation therefor, whether or not the Indemnitee is a party thereto, or any settlement arrangement arising from or relating to any such litigation) which any of them may pay or incur arising out of or relating to any Loan Document or any of the transactions contemplated thereby or the direct or indirect application or proposed application of the proceeds of any Loan, other than those which arise from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party claiming indemnification. Borrower, upon demand by Bank at any time, shall reimburse Bank for any legal or other expenses (including all reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for any such Indemnitee) incurred in connection with investigating or defending against any of the foregoing (including any settlement costs relating to the foregoing) except if the same is directly due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party to be indemnified. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Borrower shall not assert or cause any Subsidiary to assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.

(b) Borrower unconditionally agrees to forever indemnify, defend and hold harmless, and covenants not to sue for any claim for contribution against, each Indemnitee for any damages, costs, loss or expense, including, response, remedial or removal costs and all fees and disbursements of counsel for any such Indemnitee, arising out of any of the following: (i) any presence, release, threatened release or disposal of any hazardous or toxic substance or petroleum by Borrower or any Subsidiary or otherwise occurring on or with respect to its Property (whether owned or leased), (ii) the operation or violation of any Environmental Law, whether federal, state, or local, and any regulations promulgated thereunder, by Borrower or any Subsidiary or otherwise occurring on or with respect to its Property (whether owned or leased), (iii) any claim for personal injury or property damage in connection with Borrower or any Subsidiary or otherwise occurring on or with respect to its Property (whether owned or leased), and (iv) the inaccuracy or breach of any environmental representation, warranty or covenant by Borrower or any Subsidiary made herein or in any other Loan Document evidencing or securing any Obligations or setting forth terms and conditions applicable thereto or otherwise relating thereto, except for damages arising from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the relevant Indemnitee.

57

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Section 9.11 Set off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under the Loan Documents or applicable law and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, Bank and each of its affiliates is hereby authorized by Borrower at any time or from time to time, without notice to Borrower, or to any other Person, any such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and to apply any and all deposits (general or special, including, but not limited to, indebtedness evidenced by certificates of deposit, whether matured or unmatured, and in whatever currency denominated, but not including trust accounts) and any other indebtedness at any time held or owing by Bank or that affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of Borrower, whether or not matured, against and on account of the Obligations of Borrower to Bank under the Loan Documents, including, but not limited to, all claims of any nature or description arising out of or connected with the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether or not (a) Bank shall have made any demand hereunder or (b) the principal of or the interest on the Loans and other amounts due hereunder shall have become due and payable pursuant to Section 8 and although said obligations and liabilities, or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured.

Section 9.12 Entire Agreement. The Loan Documents constitute the entire understanding of the parties thereto with respect to the subject matter thereof and any prior agreements, whether written or oral, with respect thereto are superseded hereby.

Section 9.13 Governing Law. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents (except as otherwise specified therein), and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any Loan Document, and the rights and duties of the parties hereto, shall be governed by and construed and determined in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois.

Section 9.14 Severability of Provisions. Any provision of any Loan Document that is unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. All rights, remedies and powers provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be exercised only to the extent that the exercise thereof does not violate any applicable mandatory provisions of law, and all the provisions of this Agreement and other Loan Documents are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of law which may be controlling and to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement or the other Loan Documents invalid or unenforceable.

Section 9.15 Excess Interest. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, no such provision shall require the payment or permit the collection of any amount of interest in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted by applicable law to be charged for the use or detention, or the forbearance in the collection, of all or any portion of the Loans or other obligations outstanding under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (Excess Interest). If any Excess Interest is provided for, or is adjudicated to be provided for, herein or in any other Loan Document, then in such event (a) the provisions of this Section shall govern and control, (b) neither Borrower nor any guarantor or endorser shall be obligated to pay any Excess Interest, (c) any Excess Interest that Bank may have received hereunder shall, at the option of Bank, be (i) applied as a credit against the then outstanding principal amount of Obligations hereunder and accrued and unpaid interest thereon (not to exceed

58

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

the maximum amount permitted by applicable law), (ii) refunded to Borrower, or (iii) any combination of the foregoing, (d) the interest rate payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be automatically subject to reduction to the maximum lawful contract rate allowed under applicable usury laws (the Maximum Rate), and this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to have been, and shall be, reformed and modified to reflect such reduction in the relevant interest rate, and (e) neither Borrower nor any guarantor or endorser shall have any action against Bank for any damages whatsoever arising out of the payment or collection of any Excess Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if for any period of time interest on any of the Obligations is calculated at the Maximum Rate rather than the applicable rate under this Agreement, and thereafter such applicable rate becomes less than the Maximum Rate, the rate of interest payable on the Obligations shall remain at the Maximum Rate until Bank have received the amount of interest which Bank would have received during such period on the Obligations had the rate of interest not been limited to the Maximum Rate during such period.

Section 9.16 Construction. The parties acknowledge and agree that the Loan Documents shall not be construed more favorably in favor of any party hereto based upon which party drafted the same, it being acknowledged that all parties hereto contributed substantially to the negotiation of the Loan Documents. The provisions of this Agreement relating to Subsidiaries shall only apply during such times as Borrower has one or more Subsidiaries. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or construed to permit any act or omission which is prohibited by the terms of any Collateral Document, the covenants and agreements contained herein being in addition to and not in substitution for the covenants and agreements contained in the Collateral Documents.

Section 9.17 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Venue; Service of Process.

(a) BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS SITTING IN COOK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT BANK MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

(b) BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR

59

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (a) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(c) EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 9.5. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Section 9.18 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

Section 9.19 USA Patriot Act. Bank hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies Borrower, which information includes the name and address of Borrower and other information that will allow Bank to identify Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act.

Section 9.20 Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents.

Section 9.21 Confidentiality. Bank agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its branches and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors to the extent any such Person has a need to know such Information (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will first be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or

60

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as (or no less restrictive than) those of this Section, to (A) any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or (B) any direct or indirect, actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative, securitization or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to Borrower or any Subsidiary and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) with the prior written consent of Borrower, (h) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (B) becomes available to Bank or any of its Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their directors, officers, employees or agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors, that is not known to be subject to a confidentiality obligation to the Loan Parties, or (C) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from a Loan Party or violating the terms of this Section; or to the extent required by a potential or actual insurer or reinsurer in connection with providing insurance, reinsurance or credit risk mitigation coverage under which payments are to be made or may be made by reference to this Agreement, or (i) to rating agencies if requested or required by such agencies in connection with a rating relating to the Loans or Commitments hereunder; provided that only basic information about the pricing and structure of the transaction evidenced hereby may be disclosed pursuant to this subsection (i). For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or from any other Person on behalf of Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to Bank on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or from any other Person on behalf of Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or on behalf of Borrower or any Subsidiary, after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

Section 9.22 Customary Advertising Material. Notwithstanding Section 9.21, the Loan Parties consent to the publication by the Bank of customary advertising material (including customary tombstone disclosure) relating to the transactions contemplated hereby using the name, product photographs, logo or trademark of the Loan Parties.

Section 9.23 Gaming Laws.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are subject to applicable Gaming Laws. Without limiting the foregoing, the Bank acknowledges that (i) it is subject to being called forward by any Gaming Authority in its discretion, for licensing or a finding of suitability or to file or provide other information, and (ii) all rights, remedies and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including with respect to the possession or control of gaming equipment, or a Gaming License may be exercised only to the extent that the exercise thereof does not violate

61

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

any applicable provisions of the Gaming Laws and only to the extent that required approvals (including prior approvals) are obtained from the requisite Governmental Authorities.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary, the Loan Parties expressly authorize the Bank to cooperate with the Gaming Authorities in connection with the administration of their regulatory jurisdiction over the Borrower and the Gaming Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, to the extent not inconsistent with the internal policies of the Bank or any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, the provision of such documents or other information as may be requested by any such Gaming Authority relating to the Bank, the Borrower or any Gaming Subsidiary or the Loan Documents.

(c) If any Gaming Authority shall determine that the Bank does not meet suitability standards prescribed under applicable Gaming Laws the Bank and/or the Borrower shall have the right to immediately (or within a time period prescribed by the Gaming Authority, as applicable) require Bank to assign and delegate, without recourse, all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations.

[Signature Pages to Follow]

62

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

This Credit Agreement is entered into between us for the uses and purposes hereinabove set forth as of the date first above written.

Borrower

GALAXY GAMING, INC.,

a Nevada corporation

By:______________________________

Name:

Title:

Bank

BMO Bank N.A.

By:______________________________

Name:

Title:

S1

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Exhibit A-1

Term Note

U.S. $45,000,000.00 January 6, 2025

For Value Received, the undersigned, GALAXING GAMING, INC, a Nevada corporation (Borrower), hereby promises to pay to BMO Bank N.A. (Bank) at the principal office of Bank in Chicago, Illinois (or such other location as Bank may designate to Borrower), in immediately available funds, the principal sum of Forty-Five Million Dollars ($45,000,000.00) or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Term Loans made or maintained by Bank to Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, in installments in the amounts called for by Section 2.7(a)of the Credit Agreement, commencing on March 31, 2025, together with interest on the principal amount of such Term Loan from time to time outstanding hereunder at the rates, and payable in the manner and on the dates, specified in the Credit Agreement.

This Note is the Term Note referred to in the Credit Agreement dated as of even date herewith, between the Borrower and Bank(as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), and this Note and the holder hereof are entitled to all the benefits and securityprovided for thereby or referred to therein, to which Credit Agreement reference is hereby made for a statement thereof. All defined terms used in this Note, except terms otherwise defined herein, shall have the same meaning as in the Credit Agreement. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois.

Voluntary prepayments may be made hereon, certain prepayments are required to be made hereon, and this Note may be declared due prior to the expressed maturity hereof, all in the events, on the terms and in the manner as provided for in the Credit Agreement.

Borrower hereby waives demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind hereunder.

GALAXY GAMING,

a Nevada corporation

By 

Name 

Title 

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Exhibit A2

Revolving Note

U.S. $2,000,000.00 January 6, 2025

For Value Received, the undersigned, GALAXY GAMING, INC., a Nevada corporation(Borrower), hereby promises to pay to BMO Bank N.A. (Bank) at the principal office of Bank in Chicago, Illinois (or such other location as Bank may designate to Borrower), in immediately available funds, the principal sum of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000.00) or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans made by Bank to Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, together with interest on the principal amount of each Revolving Loan from time to time outstanding hereunder at the rates, and payable in the manner and on the dates, specified in the Credit Agreement.

This Note is one of the Revolving Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement dated as of even date herewith, between the Borrower and Bank (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement), and this Note and the holder hereof are entitled to all the benefits and securityprovided for thereby or referred to therein, to which Credit Agreement reference is hereby made for a statement thereof. All defined terms used in this Note, except terms otherwise defined herein, shall have the same meaning as in the Credit Agreement. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois.

Voluntary prepayments may be made hereon, certain prepayments are required to be made hereon, and this Note may be declared due prior to the expressed maturity hereof, all in the events, on the terms and in the manner as provided for in the Credit Agreement.

Borrower hereby waives demand, presentment, protest or notice of any kind hereunder.

GALAXY GAMING,

a Nevada corporation

By 

Name 

Title 

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Exhibit B

GALAXY GAMING, INC.

Compliance Certificate

To: BMO Bank N.A.

This Compliance Certificate is furnished to BMO Bank N.A. (Bank) pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of January 6, 2025, between Galaxy Gaming, Inc. and Bank (the Credit Agreement). Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement.

The Undersigned hereby certifies that:

1. I am the duly elected _____________________________________ of Borrower;

2. I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements;

3. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge of, the existence of any condition or the occurrence of any event which constitutes a Default or Event of Default during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Certificate, except as set forth below;

4. The financial statements required by Section 6.5 of the Credit Agreement and being furnished to you concurrently with this certificate are, to the best of my knowledge, true, correct and complete as of the dates and for the periods covered thereby; and

5. The Attachment hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing Borrowers compliance with certain covenants of the Credit Agreement, all of which data and computations are, to the best of my knowledge, true, complete and correct and have been made in accordance with the relevant Sections of the Credit Agreement.

Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, the nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event:

______________________________________________________________________

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

______________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________

The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in the Attachment hereto and the financial statements delivered with this Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this _________ day of __________________, ___.

GALAXY GAMING, INC.,

a Nevada corporation

By 

Name 

Title 

2

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Schedule I

to Compliance Certificate

GALAXY GAMING, INC.

Compliance Calculations

for Credit Agreement dated as of January 6, 2025

Calculations as of _____________, _______

A. Total Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio (Section 7.12(a)) 

1. Total Funded Debt 

$___________

2. Subordinated Debt 

___________

3. Line A1 minus A2 (Total Senior Funded Debt) 

___________

4. Net Income for past 4 quarters 

___________

5. Interest Expense for past 4 quarters 

___________

6. Income taxes for past 4 quarters 

___________

7. Depreciation and Amortization Expense for past 4 quarters 

___________

8. Non-recurring expenses for past 4 quarters 

___________

9. All other permitted add-backs set forth in subsections (iv)-(vi), (viii) and (ix) of the definition of EBITDA 

___________

10. Sum of Lines A4, A5, A6, A7, A8, and A9 

___________

11. To the extent included as income in determining such net income for such period, the sum of the following past 4 quarters: (i) non-recurring gains, (ii) foreign currency exchange gain, and (iii) gain on sale of assets 

___________

12. Line A10 minus A11 (EBITDA) 

___________

13. Ratio of Line A3 to A12 

____:1.0

14. Line A13 ratio must not exceed 

____:1.0

15. Borrower is in compliance (circle yes or no) 

yes/no

B. EBITDA (Section 7.12(b)) 

1. Total EBITDA 

$___________

2. Line B1 shall not be less than 

$11,000,000

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

3. Borrower is in compliance (circle yes or no) 

yes/no

C. Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (Section 7.12(c)) 

1. EBITDA 

$___________

2. less Unfinanced capital expenditures (for the past 4 quarters) 

$___________

3. less cash taxes (for the past 4 quarters) 

$___________

4. less dividends (for the past 4 quarters) 

$___________

5. Schedule principal payments made or to be made during (for the past 4 quarters)

6. Cash Interest Expense (for the past 4 quarters) 

$___________

$___________

7. Ratio of Line C1 less the sum of Lines C2, C3 and C4 to the sum of Lines C5 & C6 

____:1.0

8. Line C7 ratio must not be less than 

1.10:1.0

9. Borrower is in compliance (circle yes or no) 

yes/no

D. Capital Expenditures (Section 7.12(d)) 

1. Yeartodate Capital Expenditures 

$___________

2. Maximum permitted amount 

$___________

3. Borrower is in compliance (circle yes or no) 

yes/no

2

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Schedule 5.2

Subsidiaries

Name 

Jurisdiction of Organization 

Percentage Ownership 

Owner

Progressive Games Partners, LLC 

Nevada 

100% 

Borrower

Galaxy Gaming-01, LLC 

Nevada 

100% 

Borrower

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Schedule 5.11

Litigation and Other Controversies

[to be attached]

2

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11

Schedule 6.14

Post-Closing Covenants

1. No later than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Borrower shall deliver to the Bank a fully executed deposit account control agreement among Borrower, as account holder, Bank, as secured party, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as depository bank (Depository Bank) related to Borrowers deposit account held at Depository Banks New York branch, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank.

2. No later than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Borrower shall deliver to the Bank a fully executed deposit account control agreement among Borrower, as account holder, Bank, as secured party, and Depository Bank related to Borrowers deposit accounts held at Depository Banks London branch, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank.

3. No later than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Borrower shall deliver to the Bank a fully executed deposit account control agreement among Progressive Games Partners, LLC, as account holder, Bank, as secured party, and Depository Bank related to Borrowers deposit accounts held at Depository Banks London branch, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank.

4. No later than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Borrower shall deliver to the Bank a fully executed landlord waiver signed by Central Park Ten, LLC, as landlord, related to the property leased by Borrower located in Kent, Washington, in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank.

3

DOCPROPERTY "CUS_DocIDChunk0" 4902-4014-4389\11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>glxz-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

GALAXY GAMING, INC.

6480 Cameron Street Suite 305

Las Vegas, Nevada 89118

(702) 939-3254

www.galaxygaming.com

GALAXY GAMING ANNOUNCES SUCCESSFUL COMPLETION OF DEBT REFINANCING

Reduced Total Outstanding Debt by $12.6 Million

Lowered Interest Rates and Extended Maturities

Achieved Approximately $2.8 Million in Annual Interest Savings

Galaxy Gaming, Inc. (OTC: GLXZ) today announced it successfully completed the refinancing of its outstanding debt, including (i) closing a five-year $45 million secured term loan due 2030 (the "New Term Loan"); and (ii) a $2 million secured revolving credit facility due 2030 which was undrawn at closing (the "New Revolver" and together with the New Term Loan, the "New Credit Facilities"). The New Credit Facilities have an initial interest rate of SOFR plus 3.50%.

"The refinancing of our outstanding debt significantly strengthens our balance sheet and enhances Galaxy Gaming's financial flexibility. Our improved operating performance and recent record results were pivotal in driving the success of this refinancing transaction," said Steve Kopjo, Chief Financial Officer of Galaxy Gaming. "Through the replacement of our term loan and the strategic downsizing of our overall debt, we have achieved substantial annual interest savings while extending the maturity to 2030. Our annualized cash borrowing costs at current rates are now approximately $2.8 million less than at September 30, 2024. Moving forward, we will continue to prioritize Free Cash Flow generation and invest in initiatives to support our growth, while maintaining a prudent long-term net debt leverage target of approximately 2.5 - 3.0 times our Adjusted EBITDA."

The New Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of the Companys assets and are guaranteed by the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries.

The Company utilized the proceeds from the New Term Loan, along with cash on hand, to fully prepay and terminate all commitments under its previous Term Loan Facility due 2026, as well as to settle all related fees and expenses associated with this transaction

About Galaxy Gaming

Headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada, Galaxy Gaming (galaxygaming.com) develops and distributes innovative games, bonusing systems, and technology solutions to physical and online casinos worldwide. Galaxy Gaming offers games proven to perform developed by gaming experts and backed by the highest level of customer support. Galaxy Gaming Digital is the worlds leading licensor of proprietary table games to the online gaming industry. Galaxy Gaming has 130 licenses worldwide, including licenses in 28 U.S. states.

Some of the information contained in this press release includes forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, might, expect, intend, "target," plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, continue, or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, that may cause actual results and future events to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement.

These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the ability to complete the Companys acquisition by Evolution Malta Holding Limited (Evolution), Evolution AB (publ)s wholly owned subsidiary (the Merger) on the proposed terms or on the anticipated timeline, or at all, including risks and uncertainties related to gaming regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other closing conditions to consummate the proposed Merger; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement (as defined herein) relating to the proposed Merger; risks that the proposed Merger disrupts the Companys current plans and operations or diverts the attention of the Companys management or employees from ongoing business operations; the risk of potential difficulties with the Companys ability to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with customers and other third parties as a result of the proposed Merger, including during the pendency of the Merger; the risk that the proposed Merger may involve unexpected costs and/or unknown or inestimable liabilities; the risk that the Companys business may suffer as a result of uncertainty surrounding the proposed Merger; the risk that stockholder litigation in connection with the proposed Merger may affect the timing or occurrence of the proposed Merger or result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability; effects relating to the announcement of the transaction or any further announcements or the consummation of the transaction on the market price of the Companys common stock; the ability of Galaxy Gaming to enter and maintain strategic alliances, product placements or installations in land based casinos or grow its iGaming business, garner new market share, secure licenses in new jurisdictions or maintain existing licenses, successfully develop or acquire and sell proprietary products, comply with regulations, including changes in gaming related and non-gaming related statutes and regulations that affect the revenues of our customers in land-based casino and, online casino markets, have its games approved by relevant jurisdictions, unfavorable economic conditions in the US and worldwide, our level of indebtedness, restrictions and covenants in our loan agreement, dependence on major customers, protection of intellectual property and our ability to license the intellectual property rights of third parties, failure to maintain the integrity of our information technology systems, including without limitation, cyber-attacks or other failures in our telecommunications or information technology systems, or those of our collaborators, third-party logistics providers, distributors or other contractors or consultants, could result in information theft, data corruption and significant disruption of our business, and other factors. Additional information concerning these and other risk factors can be found in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and Definitive Proxy Statement.

All forward-looking statements made herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. While forward-looking statements reflect the Companys good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance or events and there can be no assurance that the actual results, events or developments referenced herein will occur or be realized. Any forward-looking statement speak only as of the date on which it was made. Galaxy disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, or new information, data or methods, future events or other changes.

Contact:

Media:

Phylicia Middleton (702) 938-1753

Investors:

Steve Kopjo (702) 727-8886
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>img58282078_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>img139973661_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>img157168814_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>glxz-20250106.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 
Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 
Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 
Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 
Document Type 
Document Type 
Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 
Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 
Entity Address Address Line 2 
Entity Address Address Line 2 
Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 
Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 
Written Communications 
Written Communications 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
City Area Code 
City Area Code 
Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 06, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Galaxy Gaming, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code NV

Entity File Number 000-30653

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-8143439

Entity Address Address Line 1 6480 Cameron Street

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 305

Entity Address City Or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address State Or Province NV

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 89118

City Area Code 702

Local Phone Number 939-3254

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock

Trading Symbol GLXZ

Security Exchange Name NONE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000013156

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.galaxygaming.com/20250106/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

glxz-20250106.htm 
glxz-20250106.xsd 

img157168814_0.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-003479-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>glxz-20250106_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000013156 

2025-01-06 
2025-01-06 

0000013156 
false 
NONE 
8-K 
2025-01-06 
Galaxy Gaming, Inc. 
NV 
000-30653 
20-8143439 
6480 Cameron Street 
Suite 305 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89118 
702 
939-3254 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
GLXZ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>