<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-010807.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-010807.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130080227
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-010807
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OSHKOSH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000775158
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				390520270
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31371
		FILM NUMBER:		25571222

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1917 FOUR WHEEL DRIVE
		CITY:			OSHKOSH
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54902
		BUSINESS PHONE:		920-502-3400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1917 FOUR WHEEL DRIVE
		CITY:			OSHKOSH
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54902

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OSHKOSH TRUCK CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>osk-20250130.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000077515800007751582025-01-302025-01-30

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 30, 2025

Oshkosh Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Wisconsin 

1-31371 

39-0520270

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1917 Four Wheel Drive

Oshkosh, Wisconsin 

54902

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

(920) 502-3400

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock ($0.01 par value) 

OSK 

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On January 30, 2025, Oshkosh Corporation (the Company) issued a news release (the News Release) announcing its earnings for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2024. A copy of such news release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

On January 30, 2025, the Company is holding a conference call in connection with the Companys announcement of its earnings for its fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2024. An audio replay of such conference call and the related question and answer session along with a December 31, 2024 slide presentation utilized during the call will be available for at least twelve months on the Companys website at www.oshkoshcorp.com.

The information, including, without limitation, all forward-looking statements, contained in the News Release and related slide presentation on the Companys website (the Slide Presentation) or provided in the conference call and related question and answer session speaks only as of January 30, 2025. The Company assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update information contained in the News Release and the Slide Presentation or provided in the conference call and related question and answer session. Investors should be aware that the Company may not update such information until the Companys next quarterly earnings conference call, if at all.

The News Release and the Slide Presentation contain, and representatives of the Company may make during the conference call and the related question and answer session, statements that the Company believes to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in the News Release and the Slide Presentation or made during the conference call and related question and answer session, including, without limitation, statements regarding the Companys future financial position, business strategy, targets, projected sales, costs, earnings, capital expenditures, debt levels and cash flows, plans and objectives of management for future operations and the Companys goals, targets and objectives regarding its 2025 expectations and compliance with credit agreement covenants, are forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, project, confident or plan, or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar terminology. The Company cannot provide any assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Companys expectations include, without limitation, those set forth under the caption Risk Factors below. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

In this Current Report on Form 8-K, we, us or our refers to Oshkosh Corporation.

RISK FACTORS

Business and Operational Risks

Our markets are highly cyclical. Declines in these markets could have a material adverse effect on our operating performance.

The access equipment market is highly cyclical and impacted (i) by the strength of economies in general and customers perceptions concerning the timing of economic cycles, (ii) by residential and non-residential construction spending, (iii) by the ability of rental companies to obtain third-party financing to purchase revenue generating assets, (iv) by capital expenditures of rental companies in general, including the rate at which they replace aged rental equipment, (v) by the timing of regulatory standard changes, and (vi) by other factors, including oil and gas related activity and government spending. Municipal fire apparatus markets are cyclical later in an economic cycle and are impacted by the economy generally and by municipal tax receipts. Refuse and recycling collection vehicle markets are also cyclical and impacted by the strength of economies in general, by municipal tax receipts and by the size and timing of capital expenditures, including replacement demand, by large waste haulers. Airport products markets are also cyclical and impacted by global demand for air transportation services. If demand for our products is lower than what we or the market expect, due to a recession or other factors, then there could be an adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows. In addition, those impacts could be more than we anticipate.

2

Our performance under the United States Postal Service (USPS) contract may not be what we expect.

In 2021, the USPS selected us to build its Next Generation Delivery Vehicle (NGDV). The indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract allows for the purchase of up to 165,000 units over 10 years. To date, we have received orders for the engineering to finalize the production vehicle design, for tooling and factory build-out activities that were necessary prior to vehicle production and for the first 51,500 vehicles. As of December 31, 2024, we have recorded an asset for deferred contract costs of $842.6 million that primarily relate to the NGDV program. Contract costs are amortized over the anticipated production volume of the related contract. The USPS contract and our performance under the contract are subject to the following risks, among others, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows:

The USPS ordering fewer units than we expect which could result in an impairment of our deferred contract asset.

It may take longer or cost more than we anticipate to scale our production to full rate production, which may result from additional costs, product design changes, supplier product quality issues or delays in receiving products from suppliers, costs and other challenges associated with recruiting and training a new workforce or other challenges associated with scaling production.

Our supply base may not be able to supply parts in a timely manner.

Warranty costs may be higher than we anticipate.

If additional orders are received, the mix of Internal Combustion Engine and Battery Electric Vehicles could be different from our expectations, which could reduce revenues that we expect under the contract and negatively affect anticipated margins.

The USPS may exercise its right to terminate the contract for convenience.

Changes in trade policies and other factors beyond our control may adversely impact our results.

Geopolitical tensions and trade disputes can disrupt supply chains and increase the cost of our products, which could cause our products to be more expensive for customers. Countries could adopt restrictive trade measures such as tariffs, taxation, foreign exchange controls, capital controls and controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, any of which could adversely affect our operations and supply chain or limit our ability to offer our products and services as intended. Changes in laws or regulations governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from countries where we manufacture products or from where we import products or raw materials (either directly or through our suppliers) could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. For example, in June 2024, the European Commission imposed a tariff that applies to imports of certain access equipment into European Union countries from China, which resulted in additional costs and could result in lower sales and/or profitability of the Access segment in the European Union. Countries may implement additional restrictive trade actions, including tariffs, exports controls, sanctions, legislation favoring domestic investment and other actions impacting the import and export of goods in jurisdictions in which we or our suppliers operate. These kinds of restrictions could be adopted with little to no advanced notice and could escalate in response to tariffs or restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other countries, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate any adverse impacts from such measures. Political uncertainty surrounding trade or other international disputes also could have a negative impact on customer confidence, inflation, interest rates and the level of investments by our customers and in the economy in general. Any of these events could increase the cost of our products, impact demand for our products, create disruptions to supply chains or impair our ability to effectively operate and compete in countries where we do business.

Fluctuations in prices of raw materials and other inputs may adversely impact our results.

We purchase, directly and indirectly through component purchases, significant amounts of steel, aluminum and other commodities. Steel, aluminum and other commodity prices have historically been highly volatile. Costs for these items may increase in the future due to a variety of factors, including: the level of tariffs that the U.S. imposes on imported steel, aluminum and other commodities; an outbreak of conflicts in regions of the world that produce the commodities or the raw materials that go into the commodities or through which the commodities are transported; or a weakening U.S. dollar.

3

In addition, the cost of parts, materials, components or final assemblies has increased and may continue to increase for reasons other than changes in commodity prices. Factors such as the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers, supply and demand, the level of imports, freight costs, availability of transportation, the cost of manufacturing labor, availability of labor, inventory levels and general economic conditions may affect the price of our parts, materials, components or final assembly purchases.

Increases in parts, materials, components or final assemblies costs negatively impact the profitability of orders in backlog as prices on those orders are generally less flexible. If we are not able to recover cost increases through price increases to our customers, then such increases will have an adverse effect on our financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows. Furthermore, price increases may not be accepted by our customers, resulting in them choosing to order from our competitors instead of us. Any significant decrease in orders could have an adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows. Additionally, if costs decrease and we are unable to negotiate timely component cost decreases commensurate with any decrease in costs, then our higher component costs could put us at a material disadvantage as compared to our competition which could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows.

We are dependent upon third-party suppliers, making us vulnerable to supply shortages and price increases.

We have experienced, and in the future are likely to experience, significant disruption of the supply of some of our parts, materials, components and final assemblies that we obtain from suppliers or subcontractors. Delays in obtaining parts, materials, components and final assemblies may result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers including shipping disruptions, capacity constraints, labor constraints, supplier product quality issues, suppliers impaired financial condition and suppliers allocations to other purchasers. Such disruptions have resulted and could further result in higher manufacturing costs caused by an inefficient parts flow to our production lines or the need to procure parts from higher cost suppliers, could delay sales and could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows.

We are dependent on our suppliers of engines, chassis, batteries and other power sources to continue to timely deliver such components that meet applicable emissions regulations and customer preferences. If we fail to have adequate relationships with suppliers that will supply appropriate engines, chassis, batteries and other power sources to us or fail to timely receive appropriate components from our suppliers, that could result in us being placed in an uncompetitive position or without finished product when needed.

Labor issues may adversely impact our results.

Our production, or the production of our suppliers, could be disrupted by labor issues including availability of skilled workforce in locations in which we and our suppliers operate due to competition, absenteeism, public health issues, strikes or other factors. In addition, our production schedules assume the availability of sufficient workforce in areas in which our facilities operate at anticipated labor rates. If sufficient workforce is not available or rates are higher than we anticipate, it could have an adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows.

Our dependency on contracts with U.S. and foreign government agencies subjects us to a variety of risks that could materially reduce our revenues or profits.

We are dependent on U.S. and foreign government contracts for a substantial portion of our business. Approximately 20% of our net sales in 2024 were to the U.S. government. That business is subject to the following risks, among others, that could have a material adverse effect on our operating performance:

The Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act and the Competition in Contracting Act require competition for U.S. defense programs in most circumstances. Competition for U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) programs that we currently have has resulted and could in the future result in the U.S. government awarding future contracts to another manufacturer or could result in the U.S. government awarding the contracts to us at lower prices and operating margins than we experience under the current contracts. As an example, in February 2023, the DoD awarded the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle (JLTV) Family of Vehicles follow on contract to another company based on, at least in part, a lower price.

4

We may not receive the contracts that we expect. While we anticipate our contract for the Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles (FMTV) program will be extended and that the extension would include higher pricing to reflect current material costs and more robust economic price adjustment clauses to protect us if we experience rapid inflation in the future, there is no assurance that the contract will be extended or that any extension will include an economic price adjustment clause sufficient to protect us from inflation in the future. In addition, although we believe there is demand from international customers for our tactical wheeled vehicles, there is no assurance that additional orders will materialize.

Competitions for U.S. government contracts are intense, and we cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful in current or future procurement competitions in which we participate, as evidenced by the award of the JLTV follow on contract to another company. In addition, the U.S. government has become more aggressive in seeking to acquire the design rights to the Companys current and potential future programs to facilitate competition for manufacturing our vehicles.

Most of our contracts with the DoD are multi-year firm, fixed-price contracts. These contracts typically contain annual sales price increases. We attempt to limit the risk related to raw material price fluctuations on prices for major defense components by obtaining firm pricing from suppliers at the time a contract is awarded. However, if these suppliers do not honor their contracts, then we could face profit margin pressure. Furthermore, if our actual costs on any of these contracts exceed our projected costs, it could result in profits lower than historically realized or than we anticipate.

We must spend significant sums on product development and testing, bid and proposal activities, and pre-contract engineering, tooling and design activities in competitions to have the opportunity to be awarded these contracts.

Our Defense segment results may fluctuate significantly from time to time as a result of the start and completion of existing and new domestic and international contract awards that we may receive. A majority of our contracts in the Defense segment are large in size and require significant personnel and production resources, and when our government customers allow such contracts to expire or significantly reduce their vehicle requirements under such contracts, we must make adjustments to personnel and production resources. Production on the domestic JLTV contract is expected to conclude early this year. We may incur costs in connection with the completion and wind down of that program. In addition, while we expect NGDV sales to offset the reduction in JLTV sales in 2025, we may not be able to increase NGDV production to fully offset the decline in JLTV sales and operating income.

Our business is susceptible to changes in the annual U.S. defense budget. Such changes may reduce revenues that we expect in our Defense segment, especially in light of federal budget pressures, lower levels of U.S. ground troops deployed in foreign conflicts and the level of defense funding that will be allocated to the DoDs tactical wheeled vehicle strategy generally.

Certain of our U.S. government contracts could be delayed or terminated, and all such contracts expire in the future and may not be replaced, which could reduce revenues that we expect under the contracts and negatively affect margins in our Defense segment.

The funding of DoD programs is subject to an annual congressional budget authorization and appropriations process. In years when the U.S. government has not completed its budget process before the end of its fiscal year, which is currently the case for the U.S. government's fiscal 2025 budget, government operations are typically funded pursuant to a continuing resolution, which allows federal government agencies to operate at spending levels approved in the previous budget cycle but does not authorize new spending initiatives. When the U.S. government operates under a continuing resolution, delays can occur in the procurement of the products, services and solutions that we provide and may result in new initiatives being delayed or canceled, or funds could be reprogrammed away from our programs to pay for higher priority operational needs. The current continuing resolution funding the U.S. government expires on March 14, 2025. Furthermore, in years when the U.S. government fails to complete its budget process or to provide for a continuing resolution, a federal government shutdown may result. This could in turn result in the delay or cancellation of key programs, which could have a negative effect on our cash flows and adversely affect our future results. In addition, payments to contractors for services performed during a federal government shutdown may be delayed, which would have a negative effect on our cash flows.

5

As a U.S. government contractor, our DoD contracts and systems are subject to audit and review by the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Contract Management Agency. These agencies review our performance under our U.S. government contracts, our cost structure and our compliance with laws and regulations applicable to U.S. government contractors. Systems that are subject to review include, but are not limited to, our accounting systems, estimating systems, material management systems, earned value management systems, purchasing systems and government property systems. If improper or illegal activities, errors or system inadequacies come to the attention of the U.S. government, as a result of an audit or otherwise, then we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, contract adjustments and/or agreements to upgrade existing systems as well as administrative sanctions that may include the termination of our U.S. government contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and, under certain circumstances, suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracts for a period of time. Whether or not illegal activities are alleged and regardless of materiality, the U.S. government also has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems subject to its review to be inadequate. These laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and, in many instances, impose added costs on our business.

Defense tactical wheeled vehicles contract awards that we receive may be subject to protests or lawsuits by competing bidders, which protests or lawsuits, if successful, could result in the U.S. government customer revoking part or all of any defense tactical wheeled vehicle contracts it awards to us and our inability to recover amounts we have expended in anticipation of initiating production under any such contract. 

Our results could be adversely affected by severe weather, natural disasters, and other events in the locations in which we or our customers or suppliers operate.

We have manufacturing and other operations in locations prone to severe weather and natural disasters, including tornados, earthquakes, floods, fires, hurricanes, tsunamis or snow, that could disrupt our operations. Our suppliers and customers also have operations in such locations. Severe weather, a natural disaster or other conditions or events that result in a prolonged disruption to our operations, or the operations of our customers or suppliers, could delay delivery of parts, materials or components to us or sales to our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

Consolidation within our customer and dealer bases may impact our strategy, pricing and product margins.

Significant consolidation in our customer and dealer bases could enhance the influence of customers and dealers over our business strategy. Intensified consolidation in the industries we serve may provide our customers and dealers with additional leverage in negotiations around our product and service offerings. For example, the Access segments largest customers are rental companies that serve the end user equipment rental markets. Should access equipment customers consolidate through mergers and acquisitions, or should larger access equipment customers continue to grow through the acquisition of smaller rental companies, the buying influence of access equipment customers may grow and may impact the competitive environment within the industry. Similarly, the municipal fire apparatus market distribution channel is comprised of a relatively small number of dealers that, if they were to consolidate, may create additional pricing pressure, as well as concentrated credit exposures, as our reliance on a smaller group of larger individual dealerships increases. If that trend in customer and dealer consolidation continues, it could have an unfavorable impact on our pricing and product margins.

Disruptions within our dealer network could adversely affect our business.

Although we sell the majority of our products directly to the end user, we market, sell and service products through a network of independent dealers in the Vocational segment and in a limited number of markets in the Access segment. As a result, our business with respect to these products is influenced by our ability to establish and manage new and existing relationships with dealers. While we have relatively low turnover of dealers, from time to time, we or a dealer may choose to terminate the relationship as a result of difficulties that our independent dealers experience in operating their businesses due to economic conditions or other factors or as a result of an alleged failure by us or an independent dealer to comply with the terms of our dealer agreement. We do not believe our business is dependent on any single dealer, the loss of which would have a sustained material adverse effect upon our business. However, disruption of dealer coverage within a specific state or other geographic market could cause difficulties in marketing, selling or servicing our products and have an adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

6

In 2024 we transitioned our refuse and recycling collection vehicle business from factory direct sales to sales through a dealer network. There is no assurance that the dealers will be successful in selling refuse and recycling collection vehicles. If the transition of our refuse and recycling collection vehicle business is not as successful as we anticipate, it could have an adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

In addition, our ability to terminate our relationship with a dealer is limited due to state dealer laws, which generally provide that a manufacturer may not terminate or refuse to renew a dealer agreement unless it has first provided the dealer with required notices. Under many state laws, dealers may protest termination notices or petition for relief from termination actions. Responding to these protests and petitions may cause us to incur costs and, in some instances, could lead to litigation resulting in lost opportunities with other dealers or lost sales opportunities, which may have an adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

Competition and Strategy Risks

We face significant competition in the markets we serve.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers that produce and sell similar products. Our products primarily compete on the basis of brand awareness, product innovation, performance, quality, reliability, availability, price, service and support, ability to meet customer specifications and the extent to which a company offers single-source customer solutions. Certain of our competitors have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing, distribution and governmental affairs resources than we do, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. We also face pricing pressure from international competitors that attempt to gain domestic market share through importing and selling products at below market prices, particularly in the Access segment. If competition in our industry intensifies or if our current competitors lower their prices for competing products, we may lose sales or be required to lower the prices we charge for our products. We cannot provide any assurance that our products will continue to compete effectively with the products of competitors or that we will be able to retain our customer base or improve or maintain our profit margins on sales to our customers.

Our long-term license agreement with Caterpillar Inc. to produce Caterpillar branded telehandlers ended in the fourth quarter of 2024. Caterpillar-branded telehandlers accounted for $315.4 million in sales in 2024. If we are unable to replace the Caterpillar-branded revenue through sales of our other telehandlers, including our new agricultural telehandlers, then the expiration of the Caterpillar license could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions.

We are continuously evaluating potential acquisitions to support our business strategy. For example, in August 2023, we completed our acquisition of AeroTech and in September 2024, we completed our acquisition of AUSACORP S.L. (AUSA). As part of this evaluation process, we perform due diligence to identify potential risks associated with the potential transaction. We also make assumptions regarding future performance of the acquired business. We cannot provide any assurance we will be able to successfully achieve the benefits of any business acquisition due to a variety of risks, including the following:

Our ability to identify acquisition targets and consummate transactions;

Our failure to achieve the acquisitions expected future financial performance or realize assumed efficiencies or assumed cost reductions;

There may be a mismatch that exists between the workplace cultures for our Company and the acquired business;

We may experience delays or unexpected difficulties in integrating the acquired business;

We may incur unforeseen expenses or liabilities or may be subject to other unanticipated regulatory or government actions related to the acquired business; and

We may incur higher transaction costs than expected.

7

If we are unable to continue to enhance existing products and develop new products that respond to customer needs and preferences, we may experience a decrease in demand for our products and our business could suffer.

One of our growth strategies is emphasizing our new product development as we seek to expand sales and margins by leading our core markets in the introduction of new or improved products and technologies or expanding our product portfolio into adjacent markets. Our ability to match product improvements and new product offerings to diverse global customers anticipated needs for different types of products and various product features and functions, at acceptable prices, is critical to our success. We may not be able to compete as effectively, and ultimately satisfy the needs and preferences of our customers, unless we can continue to improve existing products and develop new innovative products in the global markets in which we compete. While we spent $173 million for research and development in 2024, we cannot provide any assurance that this level of investment in research and development will be sufficient to maintain our competitive strength in product innovation, which could cause our business to suffer. Product improvements and new product introductions also require significant planning, design, development and testing at the technological, product and manufacturing process levels, and we may not be able to timely develop product improvements or new products. Our competitors new products may arrive in the market before our products arrive and be more attractive with more features and functions and/or lower prices than our products. If we are unable to provide continued technological improvements in our products that meet our customers or the industrys expectations, then demand for our products could be adversely affected.

In response to legislative, regulatory, investment community and societal concerns regarding global climate change and related efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions, including changes in customer preferences and changes in regulations, we face greater pressure to develop products that generate less greenhouse gas emissions. Many manufacturers foresee sales of electric-powered vehicles and mobile equipment becoming increasingly important to their businesses, and we may not have the expertise or resources to successfully address these pressures on a cost-effective basis. Continued development of enhanced propulsion choices will require us to spend additional funds on product research and development and implementation costs and subject us to the risk that our competitors may respond to these pressures in a manner that gives them a competitive advantage. If we do not accurately predict, prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations with respect to electric-powered vehicles or mobile equipment and other technologies that minimize emissions, competition from others could make our specialty vehicles or mobile equipment less desirable in the marketplace.

We are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates associated with our non-U.S. operations that could adversely affect our results of operations and may significantly affect the comparability of our results between financial periods.

Approximately 14% of our net sales in 2024 were attributable to products sold outside of the United States, of which approximately 40% involved export sales from the United States. The majority of export sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Sales that originate outside the United States are typically transacted in the local currencies of those countries. Fluctuations in foreign currency can have an adverse impact on our sales and profits as amounts that are measured in foreign currency are translated to U.S. dollars. We have sales of inventory denominated in U.S. dollars to certain of our subsidiaries that have functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The exchange rates between many of these currencies and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and may fluctuate significantly in the future. Such fluctuations, in particular those with respect to the Euro, the Chinese renminbi, the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso, the Australian dollar and the British pound sterling may have a material effect on our net sales, financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows and may significantly affect the comparability of our results between financial periods. In addition, any further appreciation in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to the value of the local currency of those countries where our products are sold will continue to increase our costs of goods in our foreign operations, to the extent such costs are payable in U.S. dollars, and impact the competitiveness of our product offerings in international markets.

We may not be able to expand international operations or increase sales and profitability consistent with our growth targets.

Expanding international operations and sales is a part of our growth strategy. International operations and sales are subject to various risks, including political, religious and economic instability, the imposition of foreign tariffs upon our products (which include tariffs in response to tariffs that the U.S. imposes) and other trade barriers, the impact of foreign government regulations and the effects of income and withholding taxes, sporadic order patterns, governmental expropriation, uncertainties or delays in collection of accounts receivable and differences in business practices. Changes in international trade policies could result in changes to our international operations and/or international growth strategy. We may incur increased costs, including increased

8

supply chain costs, and experience delays or disruptions in production schedules, product deliveries or payments in connection with international manufacturing and sales that could cause loss of revenues and earnings. Among other things, there are additional logistical requirements associated with international sales, which increase the amount of time between the completion of production and our ability to recognize related revenue. In addition, expansion into foreign markets requires the establishment of distribution networks and may require modification of products to meet local requirements or preferences. Establishment of distribution networks or modification to the design of our products to meet local requirements and preferences may take longer or be more costly than we anticipate and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve international sales growth. In addition, our entry into certain markets that we wish to enter may require us to establish a joint venture or face competition from foreign state-backed competitors. Identifying an appropriate joint venture partner and creating a joint venture could be more time consuming, more costly and more difficult than we anticipate. Local government policy and influence can also impact international competition, such as in China where a state-controlled economy favors local market participants.

Financial Risks

We are subject to changes in contract estimates.

We account for substantially all long-term contracts in the Defense segment utilizing the cost-to-cost method of percentage-of-completion accounting. This accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating revenues and costs and making assumptions regarding the timing of receipt of delivery orders from our government customers and technical issues. Due to the size and nature of these contracts, the estimate of costs is complicated and subject to many variables. We must make assumptions regarding expected increases in material costs, wages and employee benefits, engineering hours, productivity and availability of labor and allocated fixed costs. Changes to production costs, overhead rates, learning curves and/or supplier performance can also impact these estimates. For example, cumulative catch-up adjustments on contract in the Defense segment negatively impacted operating income by $47 million in 2024. Furthermore, under the revenue recognition accounting rules, we can only include units in our estimates of overall contract profitability after we have received a firm delivery order for those units. Because new orders have the potential to significantly change the overall profitability of cumulative orders received to date, the period in which we receive those orders from the government will impact the estimated life-to-date contract profitability. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition and/or profitability.

We may experience losses in excess of our recorded reserves for doubtful accounts and guarantees of indebtedness of others.

As of December 31, 2024, we had consolidated gross receivables of $1.3 billion. In addition, we were subject to obligations to guarantee customer indebtedness to third parties of $596.1 million, under which we estimate our maximum exposure to be $95.5 million. We evaluate the collectability of receivables and our guarantees of indebtedness of others based on a combination of factors and establish reserves based on our estimates of potential current and future losses. In circumstances where we believe it is probable that a specific customer will have difficulty meeting its financial obligations, a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount we expect to collect, and/or we recognize a liability for a guarantee we expect to pay, taking into account any amounts that we would anticipate realizing if we are forced to repossess the equipment that supports the customers financial obligations to us. We also establish additional reserves based upon our perception of the quality of the current receivables, the current financial position of our customers, past collections experience, and existing and future market conditions. Prolonged or more severe economic weakness may result in additional requirements for reserves. During periods of economic weakness, the collateral underlying our guarantees of indebtedness of customers or receivables can decline sharply, thereby increasing our exposure to losses. We also face a concentration of credit risk as the Access segments ten largest debtors at December 31, 2024 represented approximately 22% of our consolidated gross receivables. Some of these customers are highly leveraged. We may incur losses in excess of our recorded reserves if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate or the full amount of any anticipated proceeds from the sale of the collateral supporting our customers financial obligations is not realized. Our cash flows and overall liquidity may be materially adversely affected if any of the financial institutions that finance our customer receivables become unable or unwilling, due to unfavorable economic conditions, a weakening of our or their financial position or otherwise, to continue providing such credit.

9

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results.

We have a substantial amount of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet as a result of acquisitions we have completed. At December 31, 2024, approximately 77% of these intangibles were concentrated in the Access segment. We evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently if potential interim indicators exist that could result in impairment. Events and conditions that could result in impairment include a prolonged period of global economic weakness, a decline in economic conditions or a slow, weak economic recovery, a sustained decline in the price of our common stock, adverse changes in the regulatory environment, adverse changes in the market share of our products, adverse changes in interest rates, or other factors leading to reductions in the long-term net sales or profitability that we expect. For example, in the second quarter of 2024, we identified interim indicators of impairment for the Pratt Miller reporting unit as a result of unfavorable performance compared to forecast and adverse market conditions leading to a decline in the Company's expectations for future performance of Pratt Miller. Our subsequent testing indicated that intangible asset impairments of $51.6 million were required. Determination of the fair value of a reporting unit includes developing estimates which are highly subjective and incorporate calculations that are sensitive to minor changes in underlying assumptions. Managements assumptions change as more information becomes available. Changes in these events and conditions or other assumptions could result in an impairment charge in the future, which could have a significant adverse impact on our reported earnings.

Financing costs and restrictive covenants in our current debt facilities could limit our flexibility in managing our business and increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions.

Our access to debt financing at competitive risk-based interest rates is partly a function of our credit ratings. A downgrade to our credit ratings could increase our interest rates, could limit our access to public debt markets, could limit the institutions willing to provide us credit facilities, and could make any future credit facilities or credit facility amendments more costly and/or difficult to obtain. In addition, our revolving credit facility is subject to variable interest rates. An increase in general interest rates would also increase our cost of borrowing under our credit agreement.

Our credit agreement contains financial and restrictive covenants which, among other things, require us to maintain a leverage ratio. Our ability to meet the leverage ratio may be affected by a number of risks or events, including the risks described in this Current Report on Form 8-K and events beyond our control. The indentures governing our senior notes also contain restrictive covenants. Any failure by us to comply with these restrictive covenants or the financial and restrictive covenants in our credit agreement could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and debt service capability.

Additional liabilities relating to changes in tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely impact our financial condition and cash flow.

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. Changes in our effective tax rate as a result of changes in tax laws or regulations and judicial or regulatory interpretations of those laws or regulations, the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in overall profitability, changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets could adversely affect our future results of operations. In addition, certain tax policy efforts, including any tax law changes resulting from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the G20's inclusive framework on Base Erosion and Profit Sharing (BEPS), could adversely impact our tax rate and subsequent tax expense. In addition, the amount of income taxes that the Company pays is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. tax authorities. If these audits result in assessments different from amounts that the Company has reserved for potential tax liabilities, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the Companys tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Companys results of operations.

10

Cybersecurity Risks

Increased cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, operations, products and services.

We rely extensively on information technology systems and networks, some of which third parties manage, supporting a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining related data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats, from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data, are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting the security, integrity and/or reliability of the hardware and software that we have installed in our products. It is possible that our information technology systems and networks, or those that third parties manage or provide, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. Further, as a defense contractor, we face many cyber and security threats that can range from attacks common to most industries, which could have financial or reputational consequences, to advanced persistent threats on our defense programs, which could involve information that is considered a matter of national security. While we have utilized and continue to utilize various procedures and controls to mitigate such risks, we cannot assure that the actions and controls we have implemented and are implementing, or that we cause or have caused third-party service providers to implement, will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. Such prior events, to date, have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack may include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to our systems or operations of our facilities, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, increased cybersecurity protection costs and unplanned investigation, remediation and other costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Our international sales and operations subject us to risks that may have a material adverse effect on our business.

As a result of our international operations and sales, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our international activities create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments in violation of the FCPA by one of our employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors, because these parties are not always subject to our control. Any violations of the FCPA could result in significant fines, criminal sanctions against us or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business, including our business with the U.S. government. We are also increasingly subject to export control regulations, including, but not limited to, the United States Export Administration Regulations and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations. Unfavorable changes in the political, regulatory or business climate could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, financial condition, profitability and/or cash flows.

We may be required to make material expenditures or incur additional liabilities to comply with changes in environmental laws or climate change regulations or to meet the increasing societal expectations on companies to address climate change.

Both our products and the operation of our manufacturing facilities are subject to statutory and regulatory requirements. These include environmental requirements applicable to manufacturing and vehicle emissions, government contracting regulations, regulations impacting our supply chain and domestic and international trade regulations. A significant change to these regulatory requirements could substantially increase manufacturing costs, which could make our business results more variable.

Climate change attributed to increased levels of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, has led to significant legislative, regulatory, investment community and societal efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. These considerations may lead to new international, national, regional and/or local legislation or regulatory responses. The legislation or regulation of

11

greenhouse gases could result in unfavorable financial impacts through various forms including taxation, emission allowances, fines, requirements for investments or facilities improvement, higher energy costs and higher compliance costs associated with complex and evolving federal, state and international public disclosures. The impact of any future greenhouse gas legislation, regulatory, or product standard requirements is unknown, and therefore, we are uncertain of the potential impact that future changes may have.

Our global facilities, operations and products are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations, including laws and regulations governing air emissions, noise, releases to soil and discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous waste materials. Certain environmental laws impose strict, retroactive and joint and several liability for the release of hazardous substances, even for conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred, or for the conduct of, or conditions caused by, prior operators, predecessors or other third parties. We could be subject to fines, cleanup costs or other costs or damages under environmental laws if we are not in compliance with environmental regulations. We may be subject to other more stringent environmental laws in the future that could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

12

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) 

Not applicable.

(b) 

Not applicable.

(c) 

Not applicable.

(d) 

Exhibits.

EXHIBIT INDEX

(99.1) Oshkosh Corporation Press Release dated January 30, 2025.

(104) Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

13

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

OSHKOSH CORPORATION

Date: January 30, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Matthew A. Field

Matthew A. Field

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>osk-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

O S H K O S H C O R P O R A T I O N

For more information, contact:

Financial: 

Patrick Davidson

Senior Vice President, Investor Relations

920.502.3266

Media: 

Bryan Brandt

Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer

920.502.3670

Oshkosh Corporation Reports 2024 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results

Reports Fourth Quarter Sales of $2.62 billion, up 6 Percent

Reports Fourth Quarter Earnings per Share of $2.33 and Adjusted1 Earnings per Share of $2.58

Reports 2024 Earnings per Share of $10.35 and Adjusted1 Earnings per Share of $11.74

Announces 11 Percent Increase in Quarterly Cash Dividend to $0.51 Per Share

Initiates 2025 Earnings per Share Guidance of approximately $10.30 and 

Adjusted1 Earnings per Share Guidance of approximately $11.00

OSHKOSH, Wis. (January 30, 2025) Oshkosh Corporation (NYSE: OSK), a leading innovator of purpose-built vehicles and equipment, today reported 2024 fourth quarter net income of $153.1 million, or $2.33 per diluted share, compared to net income of $150.8 million, or $2.28 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2023. Adjusted1 net income was $169.3 million, or $2.58 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $169.4 million, or $2.56 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2023. Comparisons in this news release are to the fourth quarter of 2023, unless otherwise noted.

Consolidated sales in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased $156.6 million, or 6.3 percent, to $2.62 billion primarily due to higher volumes as well as improved pricing in the Vocational segment.

Consolidated operating income in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased 3.9 percent to $223.9 million, or 8.5 percent of sales, compared to $215.4 million, or 8.7 percent of sales, in the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase in operating income was primarily due to higher sales volume and favorable price/cost dynamics, offset partially by the impact of changes in cumulative catch-up adjustments on contracts in the Defense segment. Adjusted1 operating income in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased 2.3 percent to $245.4 million, or 9.4 percent of sales, compared to $239.9 million, or 9.7 percent of sales, in the fourth quarter of 2023.

We delivered another strong quarter as our team grew fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share to $2.58, leading to full year 2024 adjusted earnings per share of $11.74, an increase of 17.6 percent over the prior year, said John Pfeifer, president and chief executive officer of Oshkosh Corporation. Our impressive fourth quarter performance was driven in particular by revenue growth of nearly 20 percent in our Vocational segment. For the full year, we grew

Oshkosh Corporation Reports Results for 2024 Fourth Quarter

January 30, 2025

Page 2

revenue in all three of our segments and delivered solid double-digit operating income and adjusted operating income margins in our Access and Vocational segments.

In 2024, we began producing and delivering our revolutionary purpose-built Next Generation Delivery Vehicle (NGDV) for the US Postal Service (USPS). We are pleased with early feedback we have received from the nations postal carriers as they use NGDVs for daily deliveries. We look forward to ramping up this important program to full rate production this year. Our NGDV program as well as excellent visibility with strong backlogs in our Vocational segment give us confidence that Oshkosh can continue to deliver strong results.

Our Access team delivered solid results in the fourth quarter despite moderating demand. We are confident that long-term drivers, including infrastructure buildout, mega projects and data center construction, remain strong for our Access business. We expect short-term market softness in the first half of 2025 followed by improved demand in the second half of the year, which we have factored into our expectations for the Access segment in 2025.

We expect growth for our Vocational and Defense segments in 2025 and we are confident in our teams ability to navigate through softer market conditions in our Access segment to position Oshkosh Corporation to continue delivering strong results. We are initiating our adjusted earnings per share expectations for 2025 of approximately $11.00. We are also announcing a quarterly cash dividend of $0.51 per share, representing a 10.9 percent increase. This marks the 11th consecutive year in which we have increased our dividend by a double digit percentage, said Pfeifer.

Factors affecting fourth quarter results for the Companys business segments included:

Access - Access segment sales for the fourth quarter of 2024 of $1.16 billion were relatively flat with the fourth quarter of 2023 as sales related to the acquisition of AUSA of $32.5 million were offset by lower international sales volume.

Access segment operating income in the fourth quarter of 2024 decreased 11.9 percent to $142.9 million, or 12.4 percent of sales, compared to $162.2 million, or 14.1 percent of sales, in the fourth quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to unfavorable price/cost dynamics offset in part by favorable product mix.

Adjusted1 operating income in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $151.6 million, or 13.1 percent of sales, compared to $165.6 million, or 14.4 percent of sales, in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Vocational - Vocational segment sales for the fourth quarter of 2024 increased $145.3 million, or 19.8 percent, to $880.6 million due to improved sales volume and improved pricing.

Vocational segment operating income in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased 149.8 percent to $110.9 million, or 12.6 percent of sales, compared to $44.4 million, or 6.0 percent of sales, in the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily due to improved price/cost dynamics and higher sales volume.

Adjusted1 operating income in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $122.9 million, or 14.0 percent of sales, compared to $64.2 million, or 8.7 percent of sales, in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Defense - Defense segment sales for the fourth quarter of 2024 of $559.1 million were relatively flat with the fourth quarter of 2023 as NGDV production for the USPS was offset by the impact of changes in cumulative catch-up adjustments on contracts. Defense experienced unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments in the fourth quarter of 2024 primarily reflecting higher costs to complete units prior to delivery, whereas it experienced favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments on contract awards in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Defense segment operating income and adjusted1 operating income in the fourth quarter of 2024 decreased 75.8 percent to $15.0 million, or 2.7 percent of sales, compared to $62.1 million, or 11.1 percent of sales, in the fourth quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily the result of the impact of changes in cumulative catch-up adjustments and unfavorable product mix, offset partially by higher sales volume.

-more-

Oshkosh Corporation Reports Results for 2024 Fourth Quarter

January 30, 2025

Page 3

Corporate and other - Net operating costs for corporate and other in the fourth quarter of 2024 decreased $8.4 million to $44.9 million primarily due to lower new product development spending as well as improved Pratt Miller results.

Interest Expense Net of Interest Income - Interest expense net of interest income in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased $8.3 million to $29.1 million due to higher borrowings on the Company's revolving credit facility.

Provision for Income Taxes - The Company recorded income tax expense in the fourth quarter of 2024 of $45.2 million, or 22.7 percent of pre-tax income, compared to $44.2 million, or 22.6 percent of pre-tax income, in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Repurchases of common stock - The Company repurchased 494,069 shares of common stock in the fourth quarter of 2024 for $50.4 million.

Full-Year Results

The Company reported net sales for 2024 of $10.76 billion and net income of $681.4 million, or $10.35 per diluted share. This compares with net sales of $9.66 billion and net income of $598.0 million, or $9.08 per diluted share, in the prior year. The increase in net income for 2024 was primarily due to improved price/cost dynamics, higher organic sales volume and favorable mix, offset partially by higher net interest expense, intangible asset impairments, the impact of changes in cumulative catch-up adjustments on contracts in the Defense segment, higher engineering costs and higher production costs.

Adjusted1 net income for 2024 was $772.7 million, or $11.74 per diluted share, compared to $657.2 million, or $9.98 per diluted share, in 2023.

2025 Expectations

The Company announced its 2025 diluted earnings per share estimate of approximately $10.30 and its adjusted1 earnings per share estimate of approximately $11.00 on projected net sales of approximately $10.6 billion.

Dividend Announcement

The Companys Board of Directors today declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.51 per share of Common Stock. The dividend represents an increase of 11 percent from the previous dividend and will be payable on March 3, 2025 to shareholders of record as of February 17, 2025.

Conference Call

The Company will host a conference call at 9:30 a.m. EST this morning to discuss its fourth quarter and full year 2024 results and its 2025 outlook. Slides for the call will be available on the Companys website beginning at 7:00 a.m. EST this morning. The call will be simultaneously webcast. To access the webcast, go to oshkoshcorp.com at least 15 minutes prior to the event and follow instructions for listening to the webcast. An audio replay of the call and related question and answer session will be available for 12 months at this website.

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release contains statements that the Company believes to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, statements regarding the Companys future financial position, business strategy, targets, projected sales, costs, earnings, capital expenditures, debt levels and cash flows, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this news release, words such as may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, project, confident or plan or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar terminology are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks,

-more-

Oshkosh Corporation Reports Results for 2024 Fourth Quarter

January 30, 2025

Page 4

uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond the Companys control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the cyclical nature of the Companys access equipment, fire apparatus, refuse and recycling collection and air transportation equipment markets, which are particularly impacted by the strength of U.S. and European economies and construction seasons; the Companys estimates of access equipment demand which, among other factors, is influenced by historical customer buying patterns and rental company fleet replacement strategies; the impact of orders and costs on the U.S. Postal Service contract; risks that a trade war and related tariffs could reduce the competitiveness of the Companys products; the Companys ability to increase prices to raise margins or to offset higher input costs; the Company's ability to accurately predict future input costs associated with Defense contracts; the Companys ability to attract and retain production labor in a timely manner; the Company's ability to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the AeroTech acquisition; the strength of the U.S. dollar and its impact on Company exports, translation of foreign sales and the cost of purchased materials; the impact of severe weather, war, natural disasters or pandemics that may affect the Company, its suppliers or its customers; the Companys ability to predict the level and timing of orders for indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contracts with the U.S. federal government; budget uncertainty for the U.S. federal government, including risks of future budget cuts, the impact of continuing resolution funding mechanisms and the potential for shutdowns; the impact of any U.S. Department of Defense solicitation for competition for future contracts to produce military vehicles; risks related to the collectability of receivables, particularly for those businesses with exposure to construction markets; the cost of any warranty campaigns related to the Companys products; risks associated with international operations and sales, including compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; the Companys ability to comply with complex laws and regulations applicable to U.S. government contractors; cybersecurity risks and costs of defending against, mitigating and responding to data security threats and breaches impacting the Company; the Companys ability to successfully identify, complete and integrate other acquisitions and to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the same; and risks related to the Companys ability to successfully execute on its strategic road map and meet its long-term financial goals. Additional information concerning these and other factors is contained in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 8-K filed today. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this news release. The Company assumes no obligation, and disclaims any obligation, to update information contained in this news release. Investors should be aware that the Company may not update such information until the Companys next quarterly earnings conference call, if at all.

About Oshkosh Corporation

At Oshkosh (NYSE: OSK), we make innovative, mission-critical equipment to help everyday heroes advance communities around the world. Headquartered in Wisconsin, Oshkosh Corporation employs over 18,000 team members worldwide, all united behind a common purpose: to make a difference in peoples lives. Oshkosh products can be found in more than 150 countries under the brands of JLG, Pierce, MAXIMETAL, Oshkosh S-Series, McNeilus, IMT, Jerr-Dan, Frontline Communications, Oshkosh Airport Products, Oshkosh AeroTech, Oshkosh Defense and Pratt Miller. For more information, visit oshkoshcorp.com.

________

, All brand names referred to in this news release are trademarks of Oshkosh Corporation or its subsidiary companies.

1 This news release refers to GAAP (U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) and non-GAAP financial measures. Oshkosh Corporation believes that the non-GAAP measures provide investors a useful comparison of the Companys performance to prior period results. These non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures disclosed by other companies. A reconciliation of the Companys presented non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found under the caption Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this news release.

-more-

Oshkosh Corporation Reports Results for 2024 Fourth Quarter

January 30, 2025

Page 5

OSHKOSH CORPORATION

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

(In millions, except share and per share amounts; unaudited)

Three Months Ended

December 31, 

Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Net sales 

$ 

2,623.4 

$ 

2,466.8 

$ 

10,755.5 

$ 

9,657.9 

Cost of sales 

2,176.1 

2,012.4 

8,786.1 

7,977.1 

Gross income 

447.3 

454.4 

1,969.4 

1,680.8 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

209.2 

224.3 

852.4 

810.4 

Amortization of purchased intangibles 

14.2 

14.7 

54.7 

32.8 

Intangible asset impairments 

51.6 

Total operating expenses 

223.4 

239.0 

958.7 

843.2 

Operating income 

223.9 

215.4 

1,010.7 

837.6 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

(31.5 

) 

(22.3 

) 

(119.5 

) 

(68.6 

)

Interest income 

2.4 

1.5 

7.6 

14.8 

Miscellaneous, net 

4.1 

0.6 

4.2 

13.8 

Income before income taxes and losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

198.9 

195.2 

903.0 

797.6 

Provision for income taxes 

45.2 

44.2 

210.0 

190.0 

Income before losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

153.7 

151.0 

693.0 

607.6 

Losses of unconsolidated affiliates 

(0.6 

) 

(0.2 

) 

(11.6 

) 

(9.6 

)

Net income 

$ 

153.1 

$ 

150.8 

$ 

681.4 

$ 

598.0 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

$ 

2.35 

$ 

2.30 

$ 

10.41 

$ 

9.15 

Diluted 

2.33 

2.28 

10.35 

9.08 

Basic weighted-average shares outstanding 

65,248,981 

65,439,100 

65,458,797 

65,382,275 

Dilutive equity-based compensation awards 

392,305 

578,376 

370,667 

481,688 

Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 

65,641,286 

66,017,476 

65,829,464 

65,863,963 

-more-

Oshkosh Corporation Reports Results for 2024 Fourth Quarter

January 30, 2025

Page 6

OSHKOSH CORPORATION

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(In millions; unaudited)

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 

204.9 

$ 

125.4 

Receivables, net 

1,254.7 

1,316.4 

Unbilled receivables, net 

697.3 

771.6 

Inventories 

2,265.7 

2,131.6 

Income taxes receivable 

51.2 

42.2 

Other current assets 

114.5 

93.6 

Total current assets 

4,588.3 

4,480.8 

Property, plant and equipment: 

Property, plant and equipment 

2,394.6 

2,162.6 

Accumulated depreciation 

(1,178.1 

) 

(1,093.1 

)

Property, plant and equipment, net 

1,216.5 

1,069.5 

Goodwill 

1,410.1 

1,416.4 

Purchased intangible assets, net 

777.6 

830.2 

Deferred income taxes 

259.0 

262.0 

Deferred contract costs 

842.6 

710.7 

Other non-current assets 

389.8 

359.6 

Total assets 

$ 

9,483.9 

$ 

9,129.2 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Revolving credit facilities and current maturities of long-term debt 

$ 

362.3 

$ 

175.0 

Accounts payable 

1,143.4 

1,214.5 

Customer advances 

648.8 

706.9 

Payroll-related obligations 

246.2 

242.5 

Income taxes payable 

140.1 

308.0 

Other current liabilities 

507.3 

442.7 

Total current liabilities 

3,048.1 

3,089.6 

Long-term debt, less current maturities 

599.5 

597.5 

Non-current customer advances 

1,154.4 

1,190.7 

Deferred income taxes 

26.9 

26.8 

Other non-current liabilities 

502.9 

519.3 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders equity 

4,152.1 

3,705.3 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

$ 

9,483.9 

$ 

9,129.2 

-more-

Oshkosh Corporation Reports Results for 2024 Fourth Quarter

January 30, 2025

Page 7

OSHKOSH CORPORATION

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In millions; unaudited)

Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

Operating activities: 

Net income 

$ 

681.4 

$ 

598.0 

Depreciation and amortization 

200.1 

159.9 

Intangible asset impairments 

51.6 

Stock-based incentive compensation 

38.1 

31.9 

Deferred income taxes 

(17.9 

) 

(160.4 

)

Other non-cash adjustments 

3.2 

9.5 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(406.4 

) 

(39.3 

)

Net cash provided by operating activities 

550.1 

599.6 

Investing activities: 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

(281.0 

) 

(325.3 

)

Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 

(121.3 

) 

(995.8 

)

Proceeds from sale of businesses, net of cash sold 

7.0 

32.6 

Other investing activities 

6.5 

2.9 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(388.8 

) 

(1,285.6 

)

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 

4,327.4 

1,616.5 

Repayments of debt 

(4,141.7 

) 

(1,467.0 

)

Dividends paid 

(120.0 

) 

(107.2 

)

Repurchases of Common Stock 

(116.0 

) 

(22.5 

)

Other financing activities 

(24.8 

) 

(16.4 

)

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(75.1 

) 

3.4 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

(6.7 

) 

2.1 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

79.5 

(680.5 

)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

125.4 

805.9 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

$ 

204.9 

$ 

125.4 

-more-

Oshkosh Corporation Reports Results for 2024 Fourth Quarter

January 30, 2025

Page 8

OSHKOSH CORPORATION

SEGMENT INFORMATION

(In millions; unaudited)

Three Months Ended

December 31, 

Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Net Sales 

Access 

Aerial work platforms 

$ 

545.6 

$ 

540.4 

$ 

2,443.9 

$ 

2,461.6 

Telehandlers 

322.0 

354.2 

1,569.0 

1,480.2 

Other 

289.4 

255.7 

1,151.8 

1,048.2 

Total Access 

1,157.0 

1,150.3 

5,164.7 

4,990.0 

Vocational 

Municipal fire apparatus 

334.2 

277.6 

1,290.4 

1,102.1 

Airport products 

234.4 

201.1 

862.6 

376.7 

Refuse and recycling vehicles 

193.9 

141.7 

686.2 

590.7 

Other 

118.1 

114.9 

471.1 

508.6 

Total Vocational 

880.6 

735.3 

3,310.3 

2,578.1 

Defense 

Defense(a) 

524.1 

560.5 

2,076.8 

2,001.4 

Delivery vehicles 

35.0 

103.7 

Total Defense 

559.1 

560.5 

2,180.5 

2,001.4 

Corporate and other(a) 

26.7 

20.7 

100.0 

88.4 

Consolidated 

$ 

2,623.4 

$ 

2,466.8 

$ 

10,755.5 

$ 

9,657.9 

Three Months Ended

December 31, 

Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Operating Income (Loss) 

Access 

$ 

142.9 

$ 

162.2 

$ 

805.4 

$ 

738.8 

Vocational 

110.9 

44.4 

397.1 

185.5 

Defense(a) 

15.0 

62.1 

51.4 

87.7 

Corporate and other(a) 

(44.9 

) 

(53.3 

) 

(243.2 

) 

(174.4 

)

Consolidated 

$ 

223.9 

$ 

215.4 

$ 

1,010.7 

$ 

837.6 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

Period-end backlog: 

Access 

$ 

1,832.2 

$ 

4,527.7 

Vocational 

6,318.1 

5,464.2 

Defense(a) 

6,040.7 

6,710.7 

Corporate and other(a) 

62.0 

51.8 

Consolidated 

$ 

14,253.0 

$ 

16,754.4 

(a) In July 2024, the Company moved the reporting responsibility for Pratt Miller from its Defense segment to the Chief Technology and Strategic Sourcing Officer to better utilize Pratt Millers expertise across the entire Oshkosh Corporation enterprise. Pratt Miller results are now reported within "Corporate and other" and historical information has been recast to reflect the change.

-more-

Oshkosh Corporation Reports Results for 2024 Fourth Quarter

January 30, 2025

Page 9

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

The Company reports its financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP). The Company is presenting various operating results both on a GAAP basis and on a basis excluding items that affect comparability of results. When the Company excludes certain items as described below, they are considered non-GAAP financial measures. The Company believes excluding the impact of these items is useful to investors in comparing the Companys performance to prior period results. However, while adjusted operating income, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share exclude amortization of purchased intangibles, intangible asset impairments and amortization of inventory step-up, revenue and earnings of acquired companies are reflected in adjusted operating income, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share and intangible assets contribute to the generation of revenue and earnings. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the Companys results prepared in accordance with GAAP. The table below presents a reconciliation of the Companys presented non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures (in millions, except per share amounts):

Three Months Ended

December 31, 

Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Access segment operating income (GAAP) 

$ 

142.9 

$ 

162.2 

$ 

805.4 

$ 

738.8 

Amortization of purchased intangibles 

5.4 

3.4 

12.6 

8.6 

Amortization of inventory step-up 

3.3 

4.2 

Adjusted Access segment operating income (non-GAAP) 

$ 

151.6 

$ 

165.6 

$ 

822.2 

$ 

747.4 

Vocational segment operating income (GAAP) 

$ 

110.9 

$ 

44.4 

$ 

397.1 

$ 

185.5 

Amortization of purchased intangibles 

12.0 

18.9 

48.0 

27.7 

Acquisition costs 

12.9 

Loss on sale of a business 

13.3 

Amortization of inventory step-up 

0.9 

7.1 

Restructuring costs 

3.0 

Adjusted Vocational segment operating income (non-GAAP) 

$ 

122.9 

$ 

64.2 

$ 

445.1 

$ 

249.5 

Defense segment operating income (GAAP) 

$ 

15.0 

$ 

62.1 

$ 

51.4 

$ 

87.7 

Gain on sale of a business 

(8.0 

)

Restructuring costs 

0.8 

Adjusted Defense segment operating income (non-GAAP) 

$ 

15.0 

$ 

62.1 

$ 

51.4 

$ 

80.5 

Corporate and other operating loss (GAAP) 

$ 

(44.9 

) 

$ 

(53.3 

) 

$ 

(243.2 

) 

$ 

(174.4 

)

Amortization of purchased intangibles 

0.8 

1.3 

4.3 

5.4 

Intangible asset impairments 

51.6 

Restructuring costs 

0.6 

Adjusted corporate and other operating loss (non-GAAP) 

$ 

(44.1 

) 

$ 

(52.0 

) 

$ 

(187.3 

) 

$ 

(168.4 

)

Consolidated operating income (GAAP) 

$ 

223.9 

$ 

215.4 

$ 

1,010.7 

$ 

837.6 

Amortization of purchased intangibles 

18.2 

23.6 

64.9 

41.7 

Amortization of inventory step-up 

3.3 

0.9 

4.2 

7.1 

Intangible asset impairments 

51.6 

Acquisition costs 

12.9 

(Gain)/loss on sale of businesses, net 

5.3 

Restructuring costs 

4.4 

Adjusted consolidated operating income (non-GAAP) 

$ 

245.4 

$ 

239.9 

$ 

1,131.4 

$ 

909.0 

-more-

Oshkosh Corporation Reports Results for 2024 Fourth Quarter

January 30, 2025

Page 10

Three Months Ended

December 31, 

Year Ended

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Miscellaneous, net (GAAP) 

$ 

4.1 

$ 

0.6 

$ 

4.2 

$ 

13.8 

Pension advisor settlement 

(4.7 

)

Adjusted miscellaneous, net (non-GAAP) 

$ 

4.1 

$ 

0.6 

$ 

4.2 

$ 

9.1 

Provision for income taxes (GAAP) 

$ 

45.2 

$ 

44.2 

$ 

210.0 

$ 

190.0 

Income tax effects of adjustments 

5.3 

5.9 

29.4 

15.3 

Adjusted provision for income taxes (non-GAAP) 

$ 

50.5 

$ 

50.1 

$ 

239.4 

$ 

205.3 

Net income (GAAP) 

$ 

153.1 

$ 

150.8 

$ 

681.4 

$ 

598.0 

Amortization of purchased intangibles 

18.2 

23.6 

64.9 

41.7 

Intangible asset impairments 

51.6 

Amortization of inventory step-up 

3.3 

0.9 

4.2 

7.1 

Acquisition costs 

12.9 

(Gain)/loss on sale of businesses, net 

5.3 

Restructuring costs 

4.4 

Pension advisor settlement 

(4.7 

)

Income tax effects of adjustments 

(5.3 

) 

(5.9 

) 

(29.4 

) 

(15.3 

)

Loss on sale of equity method investment 

7.8 

Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 

$ 

169.3 

$ 

169.4 

$ 

772.7 

$ 

657.2 

Earnings per share-diluted (GAAP) 

$ 

2.33 

$ 

2.28 

$ 

10.35 

$ 

9.08 

Amortization of purchased intangibles 

0.28 

0.36 

0.99 

0.63 

Intangible asset impairments 

0.78 

Amortization of inventory step-up 

0.05 

0.01 

0.06 

0.11 

Acquisition costs 

0.19 

(Gain)/loss on sale of businesses, net 

0.08 

Restructuring costs 

0.07 

Pension advisor settlement 

(0.07 

)

Income tax effects of adjustments 

(0.08 

) 

(0.09 

) 

(0.44 

) 

(0.23 

)

Loss on sale of equity method investment 

0.12 

Adjusted earnings per share-diluted (non-GAAP) 

$ 

2.58 

$ 

2.56 

$ 

11.74 

$ 

9.98 

2025 Expectations 

Earnings per share-diluted (GAAP) 

$ 

10.30 

Amortization of purchased intangibles, net of tax 

0.70 

Adjusted earnings per share-diluted (non-GAAP) 

$ 

11.00 

###
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>img97721342_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>img97721342_1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>osk-20250130.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
CIK 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Cover 
Cover [Abstract] 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Amendment 
Amendment Flag 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Document Type 
Document Type 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Soliciting Material 
Document Period End Date 
Period End Date 
Trading Symbol 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Security Exchange Name 
Written Communications 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Securities Act File Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
City Area Code 
Local Phone Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 30, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 30, 2025

Entity File Number 1-31371

Entity Registrant Name Oshkosh Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0000775158

Entity Tax Identification Number 39-0520270

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code WI

Entity Address, Address Line One 1917 Four Wheel Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Oshkosh

Entity Address, State or Province WI

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 54902

City Area Code 920

Local Phone Number 502-3400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock ($0.01 par value)

Trading Symbol OSK

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.oshkosh.com/20250130/taxonomy/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

osk-20250130.htm 
osk-20250130.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-010807-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>osk-20250130_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000775158 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

false 
0000775158 
8-K 
2025-01-30 
Oshkosh Corporation 
WI 
1-31371 
39-0520270 
1917 Four Wheel Drive 
Oshkosh 
WI 
54902 
920 
502-3400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock ($0.01 par value) 
OSK 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>